<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1383151_0001564590-23-002350.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8112080</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>250913</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1653654</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3051443</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>922950</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2089772</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-23-002350.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223204835
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-23-002350
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001383151
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				870778082
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33314
		FILM NUMBER:		23662002

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3500 LACEY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			DOWNERS GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60515
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-983-0903

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3500 LACEY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			DOWNERS GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60515

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PowerShares DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061208

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Invesco DB US Dollar Index Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001371571
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33317
		FILM NUMBER:		23662003

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3500 LACEY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			DOWNERS GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60515
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-983-0903

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3500 LACEY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			DOWNERS GROVE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60515

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PowerShares DB US Dollar Index Trust
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060804

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-23-002350.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 uup-10k_20221231.htm
 10-K

uup-10k_20221231.htm

R 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(A Series of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Trust) 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 9 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated Filer 

Non-Accelerated Filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 State the market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: 
 Number of Common Units of Beneficial Interest outstanding as of January 31, 2023: 

i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

1 

ITEM 1 

BUSINESS 
 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 
 
 6 

ITEM 1B 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 21 

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 
 
 21 

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 21 

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 21 

PART II 

22 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 22 

ITEM 6. 

RESERVED 
 
 22 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 23 

ITEM 7A 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 30 

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 33 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 55 

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 55 

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

55 

ITEM 9C . 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 55 

PART III 

56 

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 56 

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 58 

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 59 

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 59 

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 59 

PART IV 

60 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 60 

i 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 This Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. The matters discussed throughout this Report that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the Fund s and Invesco Capital Management LLC s (the Managing Owner current expectations, estimates and projections about the future results, performance, prospects and opportunities of the Fund and the Fund s business and industry and their beliefs and assumptions about future events and speak only as of the date on which they are made. Words such as anticipate, expect, intend, plan, believe, seek, outlook and estimate, as well as similar words and phrases, signify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future results. Future economic and industry trends that could potentially impact the Fund and its performance are difficult to predict. Conditions and important factors, risks and uncertainties in the markets for financial instruments that the Fund trades, in the markets for related physical commodities, in the legal and regulatory regimes applicable to the Managing Owner, the Fund, and the Fund s service providers, in the broader economy and in global politics may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed by such forward-looking statements. There can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this Report will prove to be accurate. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors including, but not limited to, those described in this Report, including in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation MD&A ), and other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings by the Fund that could cause the actual results, performance, prospects or opportunities of the Fund to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. 
 You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Except as expressly required by the Federal securities laws, the Fund and Managing Owner undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or the risks, uncertainties or other factors described in this Report, as a result of new information, future events or changed circumstances or for any other reason after the date of this Report. 
 ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 

 Introduction 
 Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund (the Fund ), a separate series of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Trust (the Trust ), was formed as a Delaware statutory trust on August 3, 2006. The term of the Fund is perpetual (unless terminated earlier in certain circumstances) as provided for in the Fifth Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust and Trust Agreement of the Trust, as amended (the Trust Agreement ). The Fund has an unlimited number of shares authorized for issuance. 
 Invesco Capital Management LLC Invesco has served as the managing owner (the Managing Owner ), commodity pool operator and commodity trading advisor of the Trust and the Fund since February 23, 2015. The Managing Owner holds 40 general shares (the General Shares of the Fund. The fiscal year end of the Fund is December 31st. 
 The Fund establishes long positions in certain futures contracts (the DX Contracts ), with a view to tracking the changes, whether positive or negative, in the level of the Deutsche Bank Long USD Currency Portfolio Index Excess Return TM (the Index ), over time. The Index was renamed effective January 17, 2017. Prior to January 17, 2017, the Index was known as the Deutsche Bank Long US Dollar Index (USDX Futures Index-Excess Return TM . The Index, as renamed, is identical to the Index prior to its name change on January 17, 2017. The performance of the Fund also is intended to reflect the excess, if any, of the sum of the Fund s interest income from its holdings of United States Treasury Obligations Treasury Income ), dividends from its holdings in money market mutual funds (affiliated or otherwise) Money Market Income and dividends or distributions of capital gains from its holdings of T-Bill ETFs (as defined below) T-Bill ETF Income over the expenses of the Fund. 
 The Fund may invest directly in United States Treasury Obligations. The Fund may also gain exposure to United States Treasury Obligations through investments in exchange-traded funds ETFs (affiliated or otherwise) that track indexes that measure the performance of United States Treasury Obligations with a maximum remaining maturity of up to 12 months T-Bill ETFs ). The Fund holds as collateral United States Treasury Obligations, money market mutual funds and T-Bill ETFs (affiliated or otherwise), if any, for margin and/or cash management purposes. While the Fund s performance reflects the appreciation or depreciation of those holdings, the Fund s performance, whether positive or negative, is driven primarily by its strategy of trading DX Contracts with the aim of seeking to track the Index. 
 If the Managing Owner determines in its commercially reasonable judgment that it has become impracticable or inefficient for any reason for the Fund to gain full or partial exposure to a DX Contract, the Fund may invest in: 
 a different month DX Contract other than the specific DX Contract that was originally required by the Index, 
 another futures contract substantially similar to the DX Contracts, if available, 
 the futures contracts referencing the Index Currencies, or 
 a forward agreement, swap, or other OTC derivative referencing the Index Currencies, 
 if, in the commercially reasonable judgment of the Managing Owner, such an instrument tends to exhibit trading prices that correlate with the DX Contract. 
 The Index reflects the changes in market value over time, whether positive or negative, of the DX Contracts which expire during the months of March, June, September and December. The Fund seeks to track the Index by establishing long positions in DX Contracts. DX Contracts are linked to the six underlying currencies (the Index Currencies of the ICE U.S. Dollar Index (USDX (the USDX ). The Index Currencies are the Euro, Japanese Yen, British Pound, Canadian Dollar, Swedish Krona and Swiss Franc. The notional amounts of the Index Currencies included in the USDX reflect a geometric weighted average of the change in the Index Currencies exchange rates against the U.S. dollar relative to March 1973. March 1973 was chosen as a base period of the USDX because it represents a significant milestone in foreign exchange history when the world s major trading nations allowed their currencies to float freely against each other. 
 The Fund offers common units of beneficial interest (the Shares only to certain eligible financial institutions (the Authorized Participants in one or more blocks of 100,000 Shares Creation Units ). The Fund commenced investment operations on February 15, 2007. The Fund commenced trading on the American Stock Exchange (which became the NYSE Alternext US LLC) on February 20, 2007 and, since November 25, 2008, has been listed on the NYSE Arca, Inc. (the NYSE Arca ). 
 Index Description 
 The Managing Owner pays Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. (the Index Sponsor a licensing fee and an index services fee for performing its duties. 
 1 

These fees constitute a portion of the routine operational, administrative and other ordinary expenses which are paid out of the management fee paid to the Managing Owner Management Fee and are not charged to or reimbursed by the Fund. 
 Neither the Managing Owner nor any affiliate of the Managing Owner has any rights to influence the selection of the futures contracts underlying the Index. The Managing Owner has entered into a license agreement with the Index Sponsor to use the Index. 
 The Fund is not sponsored or endorsed by Deutsche Bank AG, Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. or any subsidiary or affiliate of Deutsche Bank AG or Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. (collectively, Deutsche Bank ). The Deutsche Bank Long USD Currency Portfolio Index Excess Return TM (the Index is the exclusive property of Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Neither Deutsche Bank nor any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling the Index makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, concerning the Index, the Fund or the advisability of investing in securities generally. Neither Deutsche Bank nor any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling the Index has any obligation to take the needs of the Managing Owner or its clients into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the Index. Neither Deutsche Bank nor any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling the Index is responsible for or has participated in the determination of the timing of, prices at, quantities or valuation of the Fund. Neither Deutsche Bank nor any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling the Index has any obligation or liability in connection with the administration or trading of the Fund. 
 NEITHER DEUTSCHE BANK NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, MAKING OR COMPILING THE INDEX, WARRANTS OR GUARANTEES THE ACCURACY AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF THE INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN AND SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INTERRUPTIONS THEREIN. NEITHER DEUTSCHE BANK NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, MAKING OR COMPILING THE INDEX, MAKES ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY INVESCO CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC FROM THE USE OF THE INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. NEITHER DEUTSCHE BANK NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, MAKING OR COMPILING THE INDEX, MAKES ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE WITH RESPECT TO THE INDEX OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL DEUTSCHE BANK OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN, OR RELATED TO, MAKING OR COMPILING THE INDEX HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OR LOSSES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY, THERE ARE NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES OF ANY AGREEMENTS OR ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN DEUTSCHE BANK AND INVESCO CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC. 
 No purchaser, seller or holder of the Shares of this Fund, or any other person or entity, should use or refer to any Deutsche Bank trade name, trademark or service mark to sponsor, endorse, market or promote this Fund without first contacting Deutsche Bank to determine whether Deutsche Bank s permission is required. Under no circumstances may any person or entity claim any affiliation with Deutsche Bank without the written permission of Deutsche Bank. 
 The Index Sponsor may from time-to-time subcontract the provision of the calculation and other services described below to one or more third parties. 
 The Index is calculated to reflect the changes in market value over time, whether positive or negative, of long positions in DX Contracts. The changes in market value over time, whether positive or negative, of DX Contracts is tied to the USDX . The USDX is composed of notional amounts of the Index Currencies. The notional amounts of the Index Currencies included in the USDX reflect a geometric weighted average of the change in the Index Currencies exchange rates against the U.S. dollar relative to March 1973. March 1973 was chosen as a base period of the USDX because it represents a significant milestone in foreign exchange history when the world s major trading nations allowed their currencies to float freely against each other. 
 The following table reflects the index base weights (the Index Base Weights of each Index Currency as of March 1973 with respect to the USDX : 

Index Currency 

Index Base Weight ) 

Euro 

57.60 

Japanese Yen 

13.60 

British Pound 

11.90 

Canadian Dollar 

9.10 

Swedish Krona 

4.20 

Swiss Franc 

3.60 

Closing Level at Inception: 

100.00 

The Euro was included in the USDX in 1999 and replaced the following currencies that were originally included in the USDX : Belgian Franc, Dutch Guilder, German Mark, French Franc and Italian Lira. 
 2 

Please see http://www. invesco .com/ETFs with respect to the most recently available weighted composition of the Fund and the composition of the Index. 
 Index Calculation 
 The Index reflects the changes in market value over time, whether positive or negative, of long positions in the first to expire DX Contracts relative to the value of the dollar as of December 31, 1986 (the Base Date ), which expire in March, June, September and December. On the Base Date, the closing level was 100.00. Although the DX Contract started trading in 1985, the Base Date of December 31, 1986 was selected because reasonably reliable pricing data was not available prior to December 31, 1986. A quote of 105.50 means the U.S. dollar s value has risen 5.50 since the Base Date relative to the underlying Index Currencies which comprise the USDX . 
 The Index Sponsor calculates the closing level of the Index on both an excess return basis and a total return basis. The excess return index reflects the changes in market value over time, whether positive or negative, of the DX Contracts. The total return is the sum of the changes in market value over time, whether positive or negative, of the DX Contracts plus the return of 3-month U.S. Treasury Bills. The closing levels of the Index have been calculated using historic exchange closing price data of the DX Contracts since the Base Date. 
 The use of long positions on DX Contracts in the construction of the Index causes the Index to rise as a result of any upward price movement in the DX Contracts. In turn, this appreciation in the long DX Contracts reflects the rise of the U.S. dollar relative to the underlying Index Currencies which comprise the USDX . 
 Index Rolls and Rebalancing of the USDX 
 The underlying DX Contracts of the Index are rolled quarterly over three consecutive business days starting on the Wednesday prior to the applicable IMM Date (each an Index Roll Day ). IMM Date means the third Wednesday of March, June, September and December, a traditional settlement date in the International Money Market. 
 DX Contracts are rolled on each Index Roll Day as follows: 

On each Index Roll Day, 1/3 of the DX Contracts that will expire on the next IMM Date are sold and positions in the DX Contracts that expire on the IMM Date following the next IMM Date are purchased. 

On each Index Roll Day, new notional holdings are calculated for the old DX Contracts leaving the Index as well as the new DX Contracts entering the Index. 

On all days that are not Index Roll Days, the notional holdings of the DX Contracts in the Index remain constant. 

 There are no regularly scheduled adjustments or rebalancing of the USDX . The USDX has only been adjusted once, when the Euro was introduced as the common currency for the European Union (EU) bloc of countries. Without any other adjustments, the combination of components and their respective weightings in the USDX have yielded performance results similar to other commonly used US dollar indexes, whether those index methodologies are based on trade weights or capital flow weights. 
 The Trustee 
 Under the Trust Agreement, Wilmington Trust Company, the trustee of the Trust and the Fund (the Trustee ), has the power and authority to execute and file certificates as required by the Delaware Statutory Trust Act and to accept service of process on the Fund in the State of Delaware. The Managing Owner has the exclusive management and control of all aspects of the business of the Trust and the Fund. The Trustee will serve in that capacity until such time as the Managing Owner removes the Trustee or the Trustee resigns and a successor is appointed by the Managing Owner. The Trustee will have no duty or liability to supervise or monitor the performance of the Managing Owner, nor will the Trustee have any liability for the acts or omissions of the Managing Owner. 
 The Managing Owner 
 The Managing Owner was formed on February 7, 2003. The Managing Owner is an affiliate of Invesco Ltd. The Managing Owner was formed to be the managing owner of investment vehicles such as ETFs and has been managing non-commodity futures based ETFs since 2003 and commodity futures based ETFs since 2014. The Managing Owner serves as the commodity pool operator, and commodity trading advisor of the Trust and the Fund. The Managing Owner is registered as a commodity pool operator and commodity trading advisor with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC and is a member of, and approved as a swap firm by, the National Futures Association (the NFA ). As a registered commodity pool operator and commodity trading advisor, with respect to the Fund, the Managing Owner must comply with various regulatory requirements under the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the Commodity Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the CFTC and the NFA, 
 3 

including investor protection requirements, antifraud prohibitions, disclosure requirements, and reporting and recordkeeping requirements. The Managing Owner also is subject to periodic inspections and audits by the CFTC and NFA. 
 The Managing Owner s main business offices are located at 3500 Lacey Road, Suite 700, Downers Grove, Illinois 60515, and its telephone number is (800) 983-0903. 
 The Fund pays the Managing Owner the Management Fee, monthly in arrears, in an amount equal to 0.75 per annum of the daily net asset value NAV of the Fund. 
 The Fund may, for margin and/or cash management purposes, invest in money market mutual funds and/or T-Bill ETFs that are managed by affiliates of the Managing Owner. The indirect portion of the management fee that the Fund may incur through such investment is in addition to the Management Fee paid to the Managing Owner. The Managing Owner has contractually agreed to waive indefinitely the fees that it receives in an amount equal to the indirect management fees that the Fund incurs through its investments in affiliated money market mutual funds and/or affiliated T-Bill ETFs. The Managing Owner may terminate this fee waiver on 60 days notice . 
 Pursuant to the Trust Agreement, the Fund will indemnify the Managing Owner against any losses, judgments, liabilities, expenses and amounts paid in settlement of any claims sustained by it in connection with its activities on behalf of the Fund, except for any expenses resulting from gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 The Commodity Trading Advisor 
 The Managing Owner serves as the commodity trading advisor to the Fund. Invesco Advisers Inc. Invesco Advisers ), a Delaware corporation, served as a commodity trading advisor of the Fund during a portion of the periods covered by this report and is an affiliate of the Managing Owner. The Managing Owner may have utilized the Invesco Advisers trading desk to place trades for the Fund. Invesco Advisers received no compensation for providing this service. As of April 8, 2019, Invesco Advisers no longer serves as a commodity trading advisor of the Fund. 
 The Commodity Broker 
 Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, serves as the Fund s futures clearing broker (the Commodity Broker ). The Commodity Broker is registered with the CFTC as a futures commission merchant FCM and is a member of the NFA in such capacity. 
 A variety of executing brokers execute futures transactions on behalf of the Fund. Such executing brokers give-up all such transactions to the Commodity Broker. In its capacity as clearing broker, the Commodity Broker may execute or receive transactions executed by others and clears all of the Fund s futures transactions and performs certain administrative and custodial services for the Fund. The Commodity Broker is responsible, among other things, for providing periodic accountings of all dealings and actions taken by the Trust on behalf of the Fund during the reporting period, together with an accounting of all securities, cash or other indebtedness or obligations held by it or its nominees for or on behalf of the Fund. 
 The Fund pays the Commodity Broker all brokerage commissions, including applicable exchange fees, NFA fees, give-up fees, pit brokerage fees and other transaction related fees and expenses charged in connection with trading activities. The Commodity Broker s brokerage commissions and trading fees are determined on a contract-by-contract basis. Brokerage commissions and fees in any future fiscal year or any part of any future fiscal year may be greater than fees incurred in prior fiscal years. On average, total charges paid to the Commodity Broker were less than 5.00, 5.00 and 5.00 per round-turn trade 1 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

1 
 
 A round-turn trade is a completed transaction involving both a purchase and a liquidating sale, or a sale followed by a covering purchase. 

 The Administrator, Custodian and Transfer Agent 
 The Bank of New York Mellon (the Administrator , Custodian and Transfer Agent is the administrator, custodian and transfer agent of the Fund. The Fund and the Administrator have entered into separate administrative and accounting, custodian, transfer agency and service agreements (collectively referred to as the Administration Agreement ). 
 The Bank of New York Mellon, a banking corporation organized under the laws of the State of New York with trust powers, has an office at 2 Hanson Place, Brooklyn, New York, 11217. The Bank of New York Mellon is subject to supervision by the New York State Department of Financial Services and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
 Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator performs or supervises the performance of services necessary for the operation and administration of the Fund (other than making investment decisions), including receiving and processing orders from Authorized Participants to create and redeem Creation Units, NAV calculations, accounting and other fund administrative 
 4 

services. The Administrator maintains certain financial books and records, including: Creation Unit creation and redemption records fund accounting records ledgers with respect to assets, liabilities, capital, income and expenses the registrar, transfer journals and related details and trading and related documents received from the Commodity Broker. The Managing Owner pays the Administrator administrative services fees out of the Management Fee. 
 The Distributor 
 Invesco Distributors, Inc. is the Fund s distributor (the Distributor ). Pursuant to the Distribution Services Agreement among the Managing Owner, the Fund and the Distributor, the Distributor assists the Managing Owner and the Administrator with certain functions and duties relating to distribution and marketing services to the Fund including reviewing and approving marketing materials. 
 The Distribution Services Agreement is terminable without penalty on sixty days written notice by the Managing Owner or by the Distributor. The Distribution Services Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment. 
 Pursuant to the Distribution Services Agreement, the Fund will indemnify and hold harmless the Distributor and each of its directors and officers and each person, if any, who controls the Distributor within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act, against any loss, liability, claim, damages or expenses (including the reasonable cost of investigating or defending any alleged loss, liability, claim, damages or expense and reasonable counsel fees incurred in connection therewith) arising by reason of any person acquiring any Shares, based upon the ground that the registration statement, prospectus, statement of additional information, shareholder reports or other information filed or made public by the Fund (as from time-to-time amended) included an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted a material fact required to be stated or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading under the Securities Act or any other statute or the common law. 
 The Managing Owner pays the Distributor a distribution fee out of the Management Fee. 
 Index Sponsor 
 The Managing Owner, on behalf of the Trust and the Fund, has appointed Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. to serve as the index sponsor (the Index Sponsor ). On February 1, 2021, the provision of index sponsor services transferred back to the Index Sponsor from DWS Investment Management Americas, Inc., to whom the Index Sponsor had previously assigned such responsibility. The Index Sponsor calculates and publishes the daily index levels and the indicative intraday index levels. Additionally, the Index Sponsor also calculates the indicative value per Share of the Fund throughout each business day. 
 The Managing Owner pays the Index Sponsor a licensing fee and an index services fee out of the Management Fee for performing its duties. 
 Marketing Agent 
 Effective January 31, 2021, DWS Investment Management Americas, Inc. ceased serving as marketing agent to the Fund Marketing Agent ). Prior to January 31, 2021, the Marketing Agent assisted the Managing Owner by providing support to educate institutional investors about the DBIQ indices and completed governmental or institutional due diligence questionnaires or requests for proposals related to the DBIQ indices. The Managing Owner paid the Marketing Agent a marketing services fee out of the Management Fee. 
 Tax Reporting 
 The Fund has retained the services of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to assist with certain tax reporting requirements of the Fund and its Shareholders. 
 Regulation 
 Futures exchanges in the United States are subject to regulation under the Commodity Exchange Act by the CFTC, the governmental agency having responsibility for regulation of futures exchanges and trading on those exchanges. 
 The Commodity Exchange Act and the CFTC also regulate the activities of commodity trading advisors and commodity pool operators and the CFTC has adopted regulations with respect to certain of such persons activities. Pursuant to its authority, the CFTC requires a commodity pool operator (such as the Managing Owner) to keep accurate, current and orderly records with respect to each pool it operates. The CFTC may suspend the registration of a commodity pool operator if the CFTC finds that the operator has violated the Commodity Exchange Act or regulations thereunder and in certain other circumstances. Suspension, restriction or termination of the Managing Owner s registration as a commodity pool operator would prevent it, until such time (if any) as such registration were to be reinstated, from managing, and might result in the termination of, the Fund. The Commodity Exchange Act gives the CFTC similar authority with respect to the activities of commodity trading advisors, such as the Managing Owner. If the registration of a managing owner as a commodity trading advisor were to be terminated, restricted or suspended, the managing owner 
 5 

would be unable, until such time (if any) as such registration were to be reinstated, to render trading advice to the Fund. The Fund is not registered with the CFTC in any capacity. 
 The Commodity Exchange Act requires all futures commission merchants, such as the Commodity Broker, to meet and maintain specified fitness and financial requirements, to segregate customer funds from proprietary funds and account separately for all customers funds and positions, and to maintain specified books and records open to inspection by the staff of the CFTC. 
 The Commodity Exchange Act also gives the states certain powers to enforce its provisions and the regulations of the CFTC. 
 Shareholders are afforded certain rights for reparations under the Commodity Exchange Act. Shareholders may also be able to maintain a private right of action for certain violations of the Commodity Exchange Act. The CFTC has adopted rules implementing the reparation provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act which provide that any person may file a complaint for a reparations award with the CFTC for violation of the Commodity Exchange Act against a floor broker, FCM, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, and their respective associated persons. 
 Pursuant to authority in the Commodity Exchange Act, the NFA was formed and registered with the CFTC as a registered futures association. At the present time, the NFA is the only non-exchange self-regulatory organization for derivatives professionals. NFA members are subject to NFA standards relating to fair trade practices, market integrity, and consumer protection. As the self-regulatory body of the derivatives industry, the NFA promulgates rules governing the conduct of derivatives professionals and disciplines those professionals who do not comply with such standards. The CFTC has delegated to the NFA responsibility for the registration of commodity trading advisors, commodity pool operators, FCMs, introducing brokers, and swap dealers, among others, and their respective associated persons, as applicable, and floor brokers. The Commodity Broker and the Managing Owner are members of the NFA (the Fund is not required to become a member of the NFA). 
 The CFTC has no authority to regulate trading on foreign futures exchanges and markets but permits direct access to such markets from the United States with respect to foreign boards of trade that are registered as such with the CFTC. 
 Employees 
 The Fund has no employees. 
 Available Information 
 The Fund files with or submits to the SEC annual, quarterly and current reports and other information meeting the informational requirements of the Exchange Act. These reports are available on the Managing Owner s website at http://www.invesco.com/ETFs . Information in the Managing Owner s website shall not be deemed to be a part of this Report or incorporated by reference herein unless otherwise expressly stated. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information filed electronically by us with the SEC which are available on the SEC s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov. 
 The Fund also posts monthly performance reports and its annual report, as required by the CFTC, on the Managing Owner s website at the address listed above. 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 

 An investment in Shares involves a high degree of risk. Investors should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the "Report") and the Fund s Prospectus, before making a decision to invest in Shares. If any of the following risks occur, the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Fund may be adversely affected. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 Following Russia s invasion of Ukraine in late February 2022, various countries, including the United States, issued broad-ranging economic sanctions against Russia and Belarus. Such sanctions, and impacts from the ongoing conflict and related events, may result in increased volatility in the value of DX Contracts and may have an adverse effect on the performance of the Fund and value of the Shares. 
 Pandemics and other public health emergencies, including the emergence of new coronavirus COVID-19 variants resulting in another pandemic, could disrupt the global economy and adversely affect the Fund s performance. 
 Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results all or substantially all of an investment in the Fund could be lost. 
 The Fund s trading of futures contracts takes place in very volatile markets. 
 6 

Investments in foreign exchange related products are subject to many factors which contribute to potential volatility, including, but not limited to: 
 National debt levels and trade deficits, including changes in balances of payments and trade 
 Domestic and foreign inflation rates and investors expectations concerning inflation rates 
 Domestic and foreign interest rates and investors expectations concerning interest rates 
 Currency exchange rates 
 Investment and trading activities of mutual funds, hedge funds and currency funds 
 Global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations 
 Supply and demand changes which influence the foreign exchange rates of various currencies 
 Monetary policies of governments (including exchange control programs, restrictions on local exchanges or markets and limitations on foreign investment in a country or on investment by residents of a country in other countries), trade restrictions, currency devaluations and revaluations 
 Governmental intervention in the currency market, directly and by regulation, in order to influence currency prices and 
 Expectations among market participants that a currency s value soon will change. 
 The Fund is subject to fees and expenses in the aggregate amount of approximately 0.78 per annum and will be successful only if its annual returns from futures trading, plus its annual Treasury Income, Money Market Income and T-Bill ETF Income exceed such fees and expenses. 
 DX Contracts are not subject to position limits imposed by the CFTC and/or futures exchange rules. There can be no assurance that the DX Contracts will not become subject to position limits. Should the Fund become subject to position limits with respect to its DX Contracts holdings, the Fund s positions in DX Contracts might be required to be aggregated with positions in other accounts that the Managing Owner owns or for which it controls trading unless an exemption applies under the applicable regulations of the CFTC or the futures exchange on which the DX Contracts trade. Should the Fund become subject to position limits, the Fund s ability to issue new Creation Units or to reinvest income in additional DX Contracts may be impaired or limited. This may adversely affect the correlation between the market price of the Shares and the NAV of the Fund, which could result in Shares trading at a premium or discount to the NAV of the Fund. 
 There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve profits or avoid losses, significant or otherwise. 
 Performance of the Fund may not track the Index during particular periods or over the long term. Such tracking error may cause the Fund to outperform or underperform the Index. 
 Disruptions in the ability to create or redeem Creation Units may adversely affect investors. 
 Certain potential conflicts of interest exist between the Managing Owner, the Commodity Broker (as defined herein) and their affiliates and the Fund s shareholders Shareholders ). 
 Although the Managing Owner attempts to monitor for conflicts, it is extremely difficult, if not impossible, for the Managing Owner to ensure that the conflicts will not, in fact, result in adverse consequences to the Fund and the Shareholders. 
 The Fund s NAV may not always correspond to the market price of the Shares and, as a result, Shares may trade at prices greater than NAV (at a premium), at NAV, or less than NAV (at a discount). 
 Shareholders will be subject to taxation on their allocable share of the Fund s taxable income, whether or not they receive cash distributions. 
 MARKET RISKS 
 Fluctuations in the Price of Assets Held by the Fund Could Have a Materially Adverse Effect on the Value of an Investment in Shares. 
 The Shares are designed to reflect as closely as possible the changes, positive or negative, in the level of the Index, over time, through the Fund s investment in the DX Contracts. The value of the Shares relates directly to the value of the portfolio, less the liabilities (including estimated accrued but unpaid expenses) of the Fund. The price of the DX Contracts may fluctuate widely. Several factors may affect the prices of the DX Contracts, including, but not limited to: 
 National debt levels and trade deficits, including changes in balances of payments and trade 
 Domestic and foreign interest rates and investors expectations concerning interest rates 
 7 

Domestic and foreign inflation rates and investors expectations concerning inflation rates 
 Currency exchange rates 
 Investment and trading activities by other futures market participants 
 Global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations 
 War or acts of terrorism 
 Supply and demand changes which influence the foreign exchange rates of various currencies 

Monetary policies of central banks (including exchange control programs, restrictions on local exchanges or markets and limitations on foreign investment in a country or on investment by residents of a country in other countries), trade restrictions, currency devaluations and re-valuations 

 Governmental intervention in the currency market, directly and by regulation, in order to influence currency prices and 
 Expectations among market participants that a currency s value soon will change. 
 NAV May Not Always Correspond to Market Price and, as a Result, Creation Units May Be Created or Redeemed at a Value that Differs from the Market Price of the Shares. 
 Shares may trade at, above or below their NAV. The NAV fluctuates with changes in the market value of the Fund s assets. The trading price of Shares fluctuates in accordance with changes in the NAV, intraday changes in the value of the futures contracts and market supply and demand. The amount of the discount or premium in the trading price of the Shares relative to their NAV may be influenced by non-concurrent trading hours between NYSE Arca (the exchange on which the Shares trade) and ICE Futures U.S. While the Shares are expected to trade on NYSE Arca until 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time), liquidity in the markets for the DX Contracts is expected to be reduced whenever the market for those contracts are closed. As a result, trading spreads, and the resulting premium or discount on Shares, may widen during these gaps in market trading hours. 
 The NYSE Arca May Halt Trading in the Shares Which Would Adversely Impact Your Ability to Sell Shares. 
 The Shares are listed for trading on the NYSE Arca. Trading in Shares may be halted due to market conditions or in light of certain procedures and safeguards under NYSE Arca rules. In addition, trading is subject to trading halts caused by extraordinary market volatility pursuant to circuit breaker rules that require trading to be halted for a specified period based on a specified market decline. If the Fund were no longer to meet the requirements necessary to maintain the listing of its Shares, the Shares would be delisted. In such a scenario, the Fund would be terminated. 
 The Lack of an Active Trading Market for the Shares May Result in Losses on Your Investment at the Time of Disposition of Your Shares. 
 Although the Shares are listed and traded on the NYSE Arca, there can be no guarantee that an active trading market for the Shares will be maintained. If you need to sell your Shares at a time when no active market for them exists, the price you receive for your Shares, assuming that you are able to sell them, likely will be lower than the price you would receive if an active market did exist. 
 Volatility May Cause the Total Loss of Your Investment. 
 Futures contract prices have a high degree of volatility and are subject to rapid and substantial changes. Consequently, there is a risk that the value of your investment in the Fund could decrease significantly due to rapid and substantial changes in the prices of futures contracts held by the Fund. The Index s average annual volatility since inception is 8.21 . Average annual volatility is the average of the Index s volatility each year since its inception. Yearly volatility is the relative rate at which the price of the Index moves up and down, found by calculating the annualized standard deviation of the daily change in price for each business day in the given year. However, annual volatility should not be interpreted as the most-likely outcome. As demonstrated during the unprecedented market conditions in 2020, volatility in certain futures contracts may spike significantly during periods of global economic and social stress. At such times, if the Fund holds a futures contract that experiences the full impact of such market stresses, the volatility of its investments could greatly surpass the Index s annual volatility since inception. 
 In addition, the Fund enters sell orders with the Commodity Broker from time to time, to liquidate DX Contract positions in order to satisfy redemption requests or to pay expenses and liabilities. The Fund is subject to the risk that temporary aberrations or distortions will occur in the market for DX Contracts at the time those orders are executed. The prices received by the Fund from the liquidation of its positions could be adversely affected, which in turn could adversely affect the value of the Shares. Those aberrations or distortions may result from trading activities by other market participants or actions taken by the Commodity Broker, the CFTC, the exchange or other regulatory authorities. If the Fund s positions are liquidated at inopportune times or during times when the market is temporarily distorted or otherwise experiencing a pricing aberration, the value of the Shares may be adversely affected. 
 8 

Further, in periods of heightened volatility, the bid and ask spread for purchasing shares of the Fund typically widen. Accordingly, an investor s return on investment may be negatively impacted when transacted in Shares. 
 The Fund s Trading of DX Contracts May Adversely Affect the Price that the Fund Pays for DX Contracts. 
 The prices that the Fund pays for DX Contracts may be adversely affected by the trading of DX Contracts by other market participants. Transactions by other market participants may be based on their awareness of the Fund s positions in DX Contracts. If other market participants are able to anticipate the timing of the Fund s DX Contract transactions, for instance, they may be able to execute transactions in advance of the Fund. If that were to occur, those market participants may receive more favorable pricing for their DX Contract transactions than the Fund does for its own, subsequent DX Contract transactions. If the Fund s DX Contract positions represent a significant part of the open long interest in those DX Contracts, moreover, other market participants may take that fact into account and trade in a manner that adversely affects the prices that the Fund obtains when trading DX Contracts. The Fund may not be able to counteract adverse pricing effects of its own positions and transactions in DX Contracts. 
 Withdrawal from Participation by Authorized Participants May Affect the Liquidity of Shares. 
 If one or more Authorized Participants withdraws from participation, it may become more difficult to create or redeem Creation Units, which may reduce the liquidity of the Shares. Such circumstances may be more pronounced in market conditions of increased volatility. If it becomes more difficult to create or redeem Creation Units, the correlation between the price of the Shares and the NAV may be affected, which may affect the trading market for the Shares. Having fewer participants in the market for the Shares could also adversely affect the ability to arbitrage any price difference between futures contracts and the Shares, which may also affect the trading market and liquidity of the Shares. 
 Possible Illiquid Markets May Exacerbate Losses. 
 Futures positions cannot always be liquidated at the desired price. It is difficult to execute a trade at a specific price when there is a relatively small volume of buy and sell orders in a market. A market disruption, such as when foreign governments may take or be subject to political actions which disrupt the markets in their currencies or major commodities exports, can also make it difficult to liquidate a position. 
 Illiquidity may cause losses for the Fund. The large size of the positions which the Fund may acquire increases the risk of illiquidity by both making its positions more difficult to liquidate and increasing the losses incurred while trying to do so. 
 Risk that Russia s Invasion of Ukraine May Result in Market Volatility that Could Adversely Affect the Fund s Performance. 
 Following Russia s invasion of Ukraine in late February 2022, various countries, including the United States, Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Germany, France, and Japan, as well as NATO and the European Union, issued broad-ranging economic sanctions against Russia and Belarus. The resulting sanctions (and potential further sanctions in response to continued military activity), the potential for military escalation and other corresponding events, have had, and could continue to have, severe negative effects on regional and global economic and financial markets, including increased volatility, reduced liquidity and overall uncertainty. The negative impacts may be particularly acute in certain sectors. Russia may take additional counter measures or retaliatory actions (including cyberattacks), which could exacerbate negative consequences on global financial markets. The duration of ongoing hostilities and corresponding sanctions and related events cannot be predicted. Impacts from the conflict and related events may result in increased volatility in the value of the Index Currencies and may have an adverse effect on the performance of the Fund and value of the Shares. 
 Pandemics and other public health emergencies, including the emergence of new COVID-19 variants, could disrupt the global economy and adversely impact the Fund s performance. 
 The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic was extensive in many aspects of society. The outbreak resulted in a significant number of deaths, adversely impacted global commercial activity, and led to significant uncertainty and disruptions in the global economy and financial markets. Many countries reacted by instituting quarantines, prohibitions on travel and the closure of offices, businesses, schools, retail stores and other public venues. Businesses also implemented similar precautionary measures. While restrictions have started to ease in areas around the world, they may be reinstated in the future. Such measures, as well as the general uncertainty surrounding the dangers and impact of COVID-19, including new variants and mutations of the virus, created significant disruption in supply chains and economic activity. Consumer, corporate and financial confidence was materially adversely affected by the outbreak. Such erosion of confidence may lead to or extend to a localized or global economic downturn. Future pandemics and other public health emergencies could exacerbate political, social, and economic risks and result in significant breakdowns, delays, and other disruptions to the economy, with potential corresponding results on the performance of the Fund and its investments. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in certain governmental interventions that were implemented on an emergency basis, suddenly and substantially eliminating market participants ability to continue to implement certain strategies or manage the risk of their outstanding positions. No assurances can be made regarding the policies that may be adopted by the Federal Reserve, the federal government 
 9 

(including regulatory agencies), any state government, or any foreign government as a result of additional or new outbreak s and other public health emergencies or market volatility. 
 The Effect of Market Disruptions and Government Interventions Are Unpredictable and May Have an Adverse Effect on the Value of Your Shares. 
 The commodity futures markets may be subject to temporary distortions due to various factors, including lack of liquidity, congestion, disorderly closing periods, manipulation and disruptive conduct, limitations on deliverable supplies, excessive speculation, government regulation and intervention, technical and operational or system failures, nuclear accidents, terrorism, riots and acts of God. 
 Government intervention has in certain cases been implemented on an emergency basis, suddenly and substantially eliminating market participants ability to continue to implement certain strategies or manage the risk of their outstanding positions. These interventions have typically been unclear in scope and application, resulting in confusion and uncertainty which in itself has been materially detrimental to the efficient functioning of the markets as well as previously successful investment strategies. 
 The financial crisis of 2008-2009 and associated regulatory changes, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), are generally considered to have contributed to less credit being available to financial market participants. This is particularly the case for credit extended by banks and other traditional lending sources. The Fund does not borrow from lenders for the purpose of pursuing its investment objective. Nonetheless, restrictions on the availability of credit may adversely affect investors who borrow to purchase Shares and participants in the markets for financial instruments in which the Fund trades, including futures markets. Limitations on the availability of credit, whether in stressed market conditions or otherwise, may have a material adverse effect on investors and financial market participants, which in turn could affect the Fund s ability to pursue its investment objective. Among other things, fewer prospective investors may adversely affect the Fund s asset levels, and fewer financial market participants may reduce liquidity and adversely affect pricing for the financial instruments that the Fund seeks to trade. 
 The Fund may incur major losses in the event of disrupted markets and other extraordinary events in which historical pricing relationships become materially distorted. The risk of loss from pricing distortions is compounded by the fact that in disrupted markets many positions become illiquid, making it difficult or impossible to close out or liquidate positions against which the markets are moving. The large size of the positions which the Fund may acquire increases the risk of illiquidity by both making its positions more difficult to liquidate and increasing the losses incurred while trying to do so. 
 The financing available to market participants is typically reduced in disrupted markets. Such a reduction may result in substantial losses to the affected market participants, including the Fund and its Shareholders. 
 An Investment in the Shares May Be Adversely Affected by Competition from Other Methods of Investing in Currencies. 
 The Fund competes with other financial vehicles, including mutual funds, ETFs and other investment companies, other index tracking commodity pools, actively traded commodity pools, hedge funds, traditional debt and equity securities issued by companies in the commodities industry, other securities backed by or linked to currencies, and direct investments in the underlying currencies or the DX Contracts. Market and financial conditions, and other conditions beyond the Managing Owner s control, may make it more attractive to invest in other financial vehicles or to invest in such currencies directly, which could limit the market for the Shares and therefore reduce the liquidity of the Shares. 
 The NAV Calculation of the Fund May Be Overstated or Understated Due to the Valuation Method Employed When a Settlement Price Is Not Available on the Date of NAV Calculation. 
 Calculating the NAV of the Fund includes, in part, any unrealized profits or losses on open DX Contracts. Under normal circumstances, the NAV of the Fund reflects the settlement price of open DX Contracts on the date when the NAV is being calculated. However, if a settlement price for a DX Contract could not be determined for any reason, the Managing Owner may value the DX Contract pursuant to policies the Managing Owner has adopted. In such a situation, there is a risk that the resulting calculation of the Fund s NAV could be understated or overstated, perhaps to a significant degree. 
 Exchange Rates on the Index Currencies Could Be Volatile and Could Materially and Adversely Affect the Performance of the Shares. 
 Foreign exchange rates are influenced by a variety of factors, including the following: 

National debt levels and trade deficits 

Domestic and foreign inflation rates and 

Investors expectations concerning inflation rates: 

o 
 
 Domestic and foreign interest rates 

o 
 
 Currency exchange rates 

 10 

o 
 
 Investment and trading activities from mutual funds, hedge funds and currency funds and 

o 
 
 Global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations. 

 Foreign exchange rates on the Index Currencies may also be influenced by changing supply and demand for a particular Index Currency, monetary policies of governments (including exchange control programs, restrictions on local exchanges or markets and limitations on foreign investment in a country or on investment by residents of a country in other countries), changes in balances of payments and trade, trade restrictions, currency devaluations and revaluations. Governments may intervene in the currency markets in order to influence currency values directly. Expectations among market participants that a currency s value soon will change may also affect exchange rates on the Index Currencies, and in turn, both the Index and the DX Contracts. These events and actions are unpredictable. The resulting volatility in the exchange rates on the underlying Index Currencies may materially and adversely affect the market value of the DX Contracts, which would then negatively impact the value of your Shares. 
 Substantial Sales of Index Currencies by the Official Sector Could Adversely Affect an Investment in the Shares. 
 The official sector consists of central banks, other governmental agencies and multi-lateral institutions that buy, sell and hold certain Index Currencies as part of their reserve assets. The official sector holds a significant amount of Index Currencies that can be mobilized in the open market. In the event that future economic, political or social conditions require members of the official sector to sell significant amounts of their Index Currency holdings, such an increase in supply may outstrip demand for Index Currencies and depress their prices. Such a decline in prices may materially and adversely affect the market value of DX Contracts, which would negatively impact the Shares. 
 Uncertainty Surrounding the United Kingdom s Withdrawal from the European Union Could Adversely Affect an Investment in the Shares. 
 On January 31, 2020, the United Kingdom UK formally withdrew from the European Union EU (known as Brexit and, after a transition period, left the EU single market and customs union under the terms of a new trade agreement on December 31, 2020. The agreement governs the new relationship between the UK and EU with respect to trading goods and services, but critical aspects of the relationship remain unresolved and subject to further negotiation and agreement. The complete impact of the new agreement, as well as the full scope and nature of the consequences of the exit, are not at this time known and are unlikely to be known for a significant period of time and may impact the future direction of the value of the Index Currencies included in the USDX and, in turn, the Shares. These uncertainties could increase volatility in the market prices of the Index Currencies included in the USDX and, in turn, the Shares. 
 FUTURES RISKS 
 Margin Requirements and Risk Limits for Futures Contracts may Limit the Fund s Ability to Achieve Sufficient Exposure and Prevent the Fund from Achieving its Investment Objective. 
 Initial or original margin is the minimum amount of funds that must be deposited by a futures trader with his commodity broker in order to initiate futures trading or to maintain an open position in futures contracts. Maintenance margin is the amount (generally less than initial margin) to which a trader s account may decline before he must deliver additional margin. A margin deposit is like a cash performance bond. It helps assure the futures trader s performance of the futures contract that the trader purchases or sells. Futures contracts are customarily bought and sold on margin that represents a very small percentage (ranging upward from less than 2 of the purchase price of the underlying commodity being traded. Because of such low margins, price fluctuations occurring in the futures markets may create profits and losses that are greater, in relation to the amount invested, than are customary in other forms of investments. The minimum amount of margin required in connection with a particular futures contract is set from time to time by the exchange on which such contract is traded, and may be modified from time to time by the exchange during the term of the contract. With respect to the Managing Owner s trading, only the Managing Owner, and not the Fund or its Shareholders personally, will be subject to margin calls. 
 Brokerage firms carrying accounts for traders in futures contracts may not accept lower, and generally require higher, amounts of margin as a matter of policy in order to afford further protection for themselves. 
 An FCM may compute margin requirements multiple times per day and must do so at least once per day. When the Fund has an open futures contract position, it is subject to daily variation margin calls by an FCM that could be substantial in the event of adverse price movements. Because futures contracts require only a small initial investment in the form of a deposit or initial margin, they involve a high degree of leverage. A Fund with open positions is subject to maintenance or variation margin on its open positions. When the market value of a particular open futures contract position changes to a point where the margin on deposit does not satisfy maintenance margin requirements, a margin call is made by the FCM. If the margin call is not met within a reasonable time, the FCM may close out the Fund s position, which may result in reduced returns to the Fund s investors or impair the Fund from achieving its investment objective. If the Fund has insufficient cash to meet daily variation margin requirements, it may need to sell assets at a time when doing so is disadvantageous. Futures markets are highly volatile in general, and may become more volatile during periods of market or economic volatility, and the use of or exposure to futures contracts may increase volatility of the Fund s NAV. 
 11 

In addition, an FCM may impose margin requirements in addition to those imposed by the clearinghouse. Margin requirements are subject to change on any given day, and may be raised in the future on a single day or on multiple or successive days by either or both of the clearinghouse and the FCM. High margin requirements could prevent the Fund from obtaining sufficient exposure to futures contracts and may adversely affect the Fund s ability to achieve its investment objective. An FCM s failure to return required margin to the Fund on a timely basis may cause the Fund to delay redemption settlement dates or restrict, postpone, or limit the right of redemption. 
 Futures contracts are subject to liquidity risk. An FCM may impose risk limits on the Fund, which restrict the amount of exposure to futures contracts that the Fund can obtain through the FCM. If the risk limits imposed by an FCM do not provide sufficient exposure, the Fund may not be able to achieve its investment objective. 
 Because the DX Contracts Have No Intrinsic Value, the Positive Performance of Your Investment Is Wholly Dependent Upon an Equal and Offsetting Loss. 
 Trading in futures contracts transfers the risk of future price movements from one market participant to another. For every gain in futures trading, there is an equal and offsetting loss. Accordingly, whether a futures trade is profitable for one party depends on whether the price paid, value received, or cost of delivery under the related futures contract is favorable to that party. The prices of stocks, bonds, and other assets could rise significantly, and the economy as a whole could prosper, while the Fund experiences losses as a result of pursuing its investment objective through trading the DX Contracts. 
 The Fund May Not Provide a Diversification Benefit to Investments in Other Asset Classes and May Result in Additional Losses to Your Portfolio. 
 Historically, currency futures returns have tended not to be correlated with the returns of other assets such as stocks and bonds. Currency futures contracts therefore have the potential to help diversify investor portfolios consisting of stocks and bonds, to the extent there is low or negative correlation between currency futures contracts and other assets held in those portfolios. However, the fact that the Index is not inversely correlated with other assets such as stocks and bonds means that, in seeking to replicate the performance of the Index, the Fund will not necessarily be profitable during unfavorable periods for the stock or bond markets. If the Shares perform in a manner that correlates with the stock or bond markets or otherwise do not perform successfully, the Shares may not provide any diversification from losses in those markets. In such a scenario, the Shares may produce no gains to offset losses from investments in stocks, bonds, or related assets and may result in additional investment losses. 
 OVER-THE-COUNTER TRADING RISKS 
 Trading Forwards and Swaps May Subject the Fund to Risks that Differ from Risks Associated with Trading Futures Contracts. 
 If the Managing Owner determines in its commercially reasonable judgment that it has become impracticable or inefficient for any reason for the Fund to gain full or partial exposure to the DX Contracts, the Fund may enter into forwards or swaps referencing the Index Currencies. 
 A forward contract is an agreement to exchange one currency for another on a future date at a fixed rate agreed upon at the inception of the forward contract. Performance of a forward contract s terms is not guaranteed by an exchange or clearinghouse rather, banks and dealers act as principals in these markets. If it enters into forward, therefore, the Fund will be subject to risks of dealing with a counterparty, which differ from the risks involved with trading futures contracts on an exchange (or with trading swaps that are subject to centralized clearing and/or executed on a trading facility). For instance, there would be a risk that the counterparty would become unable or unwilling to honor its obligations on the forward agreement. Even if it is able to honor its obligations, a counterparty could determine not to perform on the contract because of a dispute over its terms (whether or not bona fide) or for other reasons. These counterparty risks will expose the Fund to potential for losses associated with default, other nonperformance, or delays in liquidating or transferring the forward contract. 
 Foreign exchange forward contracts that provide for and result in the actual delivery of the subject currencies are not subject to regulation by the CFTC to the same extent as futures and swaps. As a result, the Fund will not benefit from regulatory protections like those that apply to the trading of futures contracts (or to swaps) under CFTC regulations. 
 In addition, there is currently no limitation on the daily price movements of forward contracts. To the extent that assets are deposited with the counterparty as margin, such assets are not currently required under CFTC regulations or any other regulations to be held in a segregated account for the benefit of the Fund. Consequently, assets deposited by the Fund with a counterparty as margin may be indistinguishable, for insolvency purposes, from assets of such counterparty and therefore may be subject to creditors claims in the event of such counterparty s insolvency, and not available for timely recall by the Fund. 
 Swap agreements can take the form of either privately negotiated, over-the-counter transactions or standardized, centrally cleared transactions. In each case, swaps involve an agreement in which two parties agree to exchange actual or contingent payment streams that may be calculated in relation to the Index Currencies and a particular notional amount. A significant factor in the performance of swaps is the change in the value of the underlying currencies, specific interest rates, or other factors that determine the amounts of 
 12 

payments due to and from the counterparties. If a swap calls for payments by the Fund, the Fund must have sufficient cash available to make such payments as they become due. 
 Uncleared, over-the-counter swaps present counterparty risks similar to those present with forward contracts. In addition, over-the-counter swaps may be subject to significant bid-ask spreads, which can adversely affect the Fund s ability to enter into swaps in pursuing its investment objective. While market makers and dealers may quote indicative prices or terms for entering into or terminating these contracts, they are not obligated to do so particularly if they are not a party to the contract in question. As a result, it may be difficult to obtain reliable pricing for, or otherwise value, an uncleared, over-the-counter swap. 
 Cleared swaps present similar risks to those of futures contracts, particularly with respect to market, clearance, and settlement risks. However, the customer protections afforded to customers engaged in trading cleared swaps differ from those afforded to customers that trade futures contracts. Under the CFTC s cleared swaps customer protection regime, referred to as LSOC (legally segregated, operationally commingled), in the event of the failure of a clearing member, a clearinghouse may not use the entire pool of the failed clearing member s cleared swaps customer collateral to cure a customer default without regard to ownership of the collateral like it may with futures customer collateral. 
 Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC has implemented several regulations that are intended to enhance transparency in the swaps markets and to provide protections to swap counterparties (e.g., swap recordkeeping and reporting requirements, mandatory clearing and on-facility trade execution for major swap classes, swap dealer registration and business conduct standards, and margin requirements for uncleared transactions). Although the Fund may benefit from these protections to the extent it enters into swaps, the Fund will nonetheless be exposed to the risk of loss on those transactions. The costs of compliance with regulations governing the swaps markets may also detract from the Fund s performance, to the extent those costs are passed on by swap counterparties or are otherwise borne by the Fund. It is also possible that the CFTC s swap regulations may not function as intended and, as a consequence, may fail to protect the Fund from counterparty or other risks associated with its swap trading. 
 Foreign exchange swap contracts that provide for and result in the actual delivery of the subject currencies, and that provide for and result in the reverse exchange of the same currencies at a later date, are not subject to regulation by the CFTC to the same extent as futures and other swaps. As a result, the Fund will not benefit from regulatory protections like those that apply to the trading of futures contracts (or to other swaps) under CFTC regulations. 
 
 INDEX RISKS 
 The Fund s Performance May Not Always Replicate the Changes in the Levels of its Index. 
 Tracking the Index requires trading of the Fund s portfolio with a view to tracking the Index over time and is dependent upon the skills of the Managing Owner and its trading principals, among other factors. It is possible that the Fund s performance may not fully replicate the changes in levels of the Index due to disruptions in the markets for the relevant Index Currencies, the DX Contracts, or due to other extraordinary circumstances. 
 The Managing Owner may determine to invest in other futures contracts if at any time it is impractical, including in scenarios wherein the futures market is thinly traded, or inefficient to gain full or partial exposure to the Index Currencies through the DX Contracts. 
 In addition, the Fund may not be able to replicate the changes in levels of the Index because the total return generated by the Fund is reduced by expenses and transaction costs, including those incurred in connection with the Fund s trading activities, and increased by, as applicable, Treasury Income, Money Market Income and T-Bill ETF Income. 
 There can be no guarantee that the Index or the underlying methodology is free from error. It is also possible that third parties may seek to manipulate the value of the Index or the Index Currencies which, if successful, would be likely to have an adverse effect on the Fund s performance. 
 The Fund Is Not Actively Managed and Tracks the Index During Periods in Which the Index Is Flat or Declining as well as When the Index Is Rising. 
 The Fund is not actively managed on the basis of judgments relating to economic, financial and market conditions with a view to obtaining positive results under all market conditions. Instead, the Managing Owner seeks to cause the NAV to track the performance of the Index during periods in which the Index is flat or declining as well as when the Index is rising. Therefore, if positions in any one or more of the Index Currencies are declining in value, the Fund will not close out such positions, except in connection with a change in the composition or weighting of the Index. 
 Fewer Representative Index Currencies May Result in Greater Index Volatility. 
 The Index Currencies are the Euro, Japanese Yen, British Pound, Canadian Dollar, Swedish Krona and Swiss Franc. Other currency indexes may contain a larger number of currencies than the Index. Accordingly, increased volatility in a single Index Currency is expected to have a greater impact on the Index s overall volatility than would likely be the case with increased volatility in 
 13 

a single currency within a more diversified index. Because the Fund tracks the performance of the Index, your investment in the Fund will be exposed to the relatively greater impact on the Index of volatility in a single Index Currency . 
 Investors Who Invest Only in the Fund May Not Be Able to Profit if the Market Value of the DX Contracts Moves Against Such Investment. 
 The NAV of the Fund is expected to rise as a result of any upward price movement in the Fund s long positions in the DX Contracts. 
 If the price of the Fund s long positions in DX Contracts increases, the NAV of the Fund will increase. If the price of the Fund s long positions in DX Contracts decreases, the NAV of the Fund will decrease. Therefore, the investment experience of investors who plan to invest in the Fund will depend upon the price movements of the Fund s long positions in its DX Contracts. The Fund may become unprofitable in the future if the price of the DX Contracts moves in an adverse direction. 
 Certain investors who decide to invest in both the Fund and the Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bearish Fund UDN may, nevertheless, suffer losses if the investor s investment mix between the Fund and UDN is biased in one direction and the market price of the DX Contracts moves in an adverse direction. Additionally, investors should not invest in equal amounts in both the Fund and UDN simultaneously. The net effect of such an investment will be the sum of the Treasury Income, the Money Market Income and T-Bill ETF Income, less fees and expenses. 
 If You Sell Your Shares at a Time When the DX Contracts Are Being Traded at a Discount, You Would Receive an Amount that Would Be Lower than if the DX Contracts Were Trading at a Premium. 
 The price of DX Contracts responds directly to short-term interest rate differentials. For example, if interest rates in the U.S. are broadly higher than international interest rates, then the DX Contracts will trade at a discount to the spot index. If U.S. rates are lower, then the DX Contracts will trade at a premium to the spot index. This relationship also holds for long-dated futures versus nearby futures. Because interest rates move up and down, DX Contracts may trade at a premium some of the time and at a discount at other times. In turn, if you sell your Shares during a period when the DX Contracts are trading at a discount, you may receive less than you may have received if you sold your shares during a period when the DX Contracts are trading at a premium. 
 Unusually Long Peak-to-Valley Drawdown Periods with Respect to the Index May Be Reflected in Equally Long Peak-to-Valley Drawdown Periods with Respect To the Performance of the Shares. 
 Peak-to-valley drawdown represents the cumulative percentage decline in month-end NAV per Share due to losses sustained during any period in which the initial month-end NAV per Share is not equaled or exceeded by a subsequent month-end NAV per Share. 
 Although past Index levels are not necessarily indicative of future Index levels, the peak-to-valley drawdown periods that the Index has experienced occasionally have been unusually long and have lasted for multi-year drawdown periods. 
 Because it is expected that the Fund s performance will track the change of its underlying Index, the Fund would experience a continuous drawdown during the period that the Index experiences such a drawdown. The value of your Shares will also decrease during such a period. 
 REGULATORY RISKS 
 Position Limits and Other Potential Limitations on Futures Trading May Restrict the Creation of Creation Units and the Operation of the Fund. 
 Position Limits . CFTC and futures exchange rules impose position limits on market participants that trade in certain futures contracts. These position limits prohibit any person from holding a position of more than a specific number of futures contracts. 
 Generally, position limits in the physical delivery markets are set at a stricter level during the spot month, the month when the futures contract matures and becomes deliverable, versus the limits set for all other months or for any other month individually. Limits are generally applied on an aggregate basis to positions held in accounts that are subject to common ownership or common control. There are exemptions from this general aggregation requirement. 
 The Index currently is not composed of any contracts subject to position limits imposed by either the CFTC or the rules of ICE Futures U.S. To the extent position limits apply to the Fund, and if the Managing Owner determines that the Fund s trading may be approaching any of these position limits, the Fund may reduce its trading in the corresponding commodity futures contracts or may trade futures contracts in other commodities that the Managing Owner determines will best position the Fund to pursue its investment objective. Depending on the outcome of any future CFTC or futures exchange rulemaking, as applicable, the rules concerning position limits may be amended in a manner that is detrimental to the Fund. 
 14 

Accountability Levels . Exchanges may establish accountability levels applicable to futures contracts instead of position limits, provided that the futures contract is not subject to federal position limits. An exchange may order a person who holds or controls a position in excess of a position accountability level not to further increase its position, to comply with any prospective limit that exceeds the size of the position owned or controlled, or to reduce any open position that exceeds the position accountability level if the exchange determines that such action is necessary to maintain an orderly market. Position accountability levels could adversely affect the Fund s ability to establish and maintain positions in commodity futures contracts to which such levels apply, if the Fund were to trade in such contracts. Such an outcome could adversely affect the Fund s ability to pursue its investment objective. 
 Daily Limits. U.S. futures exchanges and some foreign exchanges have regulations that limit the amount of fluctuation in futures contract prices that may occur during a single business day. These limits are generally referred to as daily price fluctuation limits or daily limits, and the maximum or minimum price of a contract on any given day as a result of these limits is referred to as a limit price. Once a limit price has been reached in a particular contract, it is usually the case that no trades may be made at a different price than specified in the limit. The duration of limit prices generally varies. Limit prices may have the effect of precluding the Fund from trading in a particular contract or requiring the Fund to liquidate contracts at disadvantageous times or prices. Either of those outcomes could adversely affect the Fund s ability to pursue its investment objective or achieve favorable performance. 
 If the Fund became subject to position limits, position accountability levels or daily limits in the future, it may not be able to issue new Creation Units or reinvest income in additional currency futures contracts to the extent these restrictions limit its ability to establish new futures positions or otherwise transact in futures contracts. Limiting the size of the Fund, or restricting the Fund s futures trading, under these requirements may affect the correlation between the price of the Shares, as traded on the NYSE Arca, and the NAV of the Shares. 
 Failure of Futures Commission Merchants or Commodity Brokers to Segregate Assets May Cause Losses for the Fund. 
 The Commodity Exchange Act requires an FCM to segregate all funds received from customers from such FCM s proprietary assets. If the Commodity Broker fails to segregate customer assets as required, the assets of the Fund might not be fully protected in the event of the Commodity Broker s bankruptcy. Furthermore, in the event of the Commodity Broker s bankruptcy, the Fund could be limited to recovering either a pro rata share of all available funds segregated on behalf of the Commodity Broker s combined customer accounts or the Fund may not recover any assets at all, even though certain property specifically traceable to the Fund was held by the Commodity Broker. 
 The Commodity Exchange Act requires an approved derivatives clearing organization to segregate all funds and other property received from a clearing member s customers in connection with U.S. futures and options contracts from any funds held at the clearing organization to support the clearing member s proprietary trading. Nevertheless, customer funds held at a clearing organization in connection with any futures or options contracts may be held in a commingled omnibus account, which may not identify the name of the clearing member s individual customers. With respect to futures and options contracts, a clearing organization may use assets of a non-defaulting customer held in an omnibus account at the clearing organization to satisfy payment obligations of a defaulting customer of the clearing member to the clearing organization. In the event of a default of the clearing FCM s other clients or the clearing FCM s failure to extend its own funds in connection with any such default, a customer may not be able to recover the full amount of assets deposited by the clearing FCM with the clearing organization on the customer s behalf. In addition, the protections afforded to cleared swaps customer collateral do not guarantee the full return of such collateral in the event of an FCM s bankruptcy. 
 In the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency of any exchange or a clearing organization, the Fund could experience a loss of the funds deposited through the Commodity Broker as margin with the exchange or clearing organization, a loss of any unrealized profits on its open positions on the exchange, and the loss of unrealized profits on its closed positions on the exchange. 
 The Fund s Performance Could Be Adversely Affected if the Commodity Broker Reduces its Internal Risk Limits for the Fund. 
 The CFTC requires FCMs, like the Commodity Broker, to implement and evaluate from time-to-time risk-based limits on futures position and order sizes. Under this regime, the Commodity Broker could determine to reduce its internal risk limits on the size of futures positions it will trade or clear for the Fund. Such a development would reduce the Fund s capacity to transact in futures contracts. In this scenario, the Fund could seek to enter into clearing relationships with one or more other clearing brokers with the goal of increasing its overall capacity to trade and clear futures contracts. The introduction of one or more additional clearing broker relationships would be likely to increase the Fund s trading costs and could make its overall trading less efficient or more prone to error. These consequences would be likely to detract from the Fund s performance. 
 Failure of a Swap Dealer with which the Fund Trades Swaps May Adversely Affect the Fund. 
 A swap dealer that is registered with the CFTC is required to segregate from its own assets, and for the sole benefit of its customers, all assets it holds in respect of each swap agreement, including an amount equal to the net unrealized gain on all open cleared swaps. Cleared swaps are marked to market on a daily basis, with variations in value credited or charged to the customer s account, and any funds received in connection with profits on a swap position belonging to the customer must be treated as the property of the customer 
 15 

and maintained by a swap dealer in a cleared swaps customer account. A swap dealer is also required to deposit its own funds into its cleared swaps customer accounts to the extent necessary to ensure that such accounts do not become under-segregated and that the excess funds of one customer held in the cleared swaps customer account may not be used to meet the margin requirements of another customer. 
 In the event of a swap dealer s insolvency or bankruptcy, the customer funds held in the swap dealer s cleared swaps customer accounts, assuming such funds were properly segregated, should be insulated as an identifiable separate pool of assets and, as such, should not be available for distribution to the swap dealer s general creditors. Under these circumstances, each customer with assets on deposit in the swap dealer s cleared swaps customer account would receive its pro rata share of those assets. As long as the swap dealer is collecting margin payments from its customers, properly segregating such customer margin payments or advancing its own funds in accordance with CFTC regulations, each customer should receive all of its assets from the cleared swaps customer account. To the extent that any such account may be under-margined, however, the deficiency would be shared on a pro rata basis by each customer holding assets in such account. In addition, and with respect to uncleared swaps, the Fund remains subject to credit risk with respect to the amount it expects to receive from its swap counterparties. In the event of a swap dealer s insolvency or bankruptcy, therefore, the Fund is subject to the risk that it will only recover a portion of the funds that it had on deposit with the dealer. 
 Regulatory Changes or Actions May Alter the Operations and Profitability of the Fund. 
 The regulation of commodity interest transactions and markets, including under the Dodd-Frank Act, is a rapidly changing area of law and is subject to ongoing modification by governmental and judicial action. In particular, the Dodd-Frank Act has expanded the regulation of markets, market participants and financial instruments. The regulatory regime under the Dodd-Frank Act has imposed additional compliance and legal burdens on participants in the markets for futures and other commodity interests. For example, under the Dodd-Frank Act new capital and risk requirements have been imposed on market intermediaries. Those requirements may cause the cost of trading to increase for market participants, like the Fund, that must interact with those intermediaries to carry out their trading activities. These increased costs can detract from the Fund s performance. 
 The Fund and the Managing Owner Are Subject to Extensive Legal and Regulatory Requirements. 
 The Fund is subject to a comprehensive scheme of regulation under the federal commodity futures trading and securities laws, as well as futures market rules and the rules and listing standards for its Shares. The Fund and the Managing Owner could each be subject to sanctions for a failure to comply with those requirements, which could adversely affect the Fund s financial performance and its ability to pursue its investment objective. In addition, the SEC, CFTC, and exchanges are empowered to intervene in their respective markets in response to extreme market conditions. Any such interventions could adversely affect the Fund s ability to pursue its investment objective and could lead to losses for the Fund and its Shareholders. 
 In addition, the Fund is subject to significant disclosure, internal control, governance, and financial reporting requirements because the Shares are publicly traded. 
 For example, the Fund is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting. Under this requirement, the Fund must adopt, implement, and maintain an internal control system designed to provide reasonable assurance to its management regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. The Fund is also required to adopt, implement, and maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure information required to be disclosed by the Fund in reports that it files or submits to the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC. There is a risk that the Fund s internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures could fail to work properly or otherwise fail to satisfy SEC requirements. Such a failure could result in the reporting or disclosure of incorrect information or a failure to report information on a timely basis. Such a failure could be to the disadvantage of Shareholders and could expose the Fund to penalties or otherwise adversely affect the Fund s status under the federal securities laws and SEC regulations. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective may provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation and other disclosure matters. 
 TAX RISKS 
 Shareholders Will Be Subject to Taxation on Their Allocable Share of the Fund s Taxable Income, Whether or Not They Receive Cash Distributions. 
 Shareholders will be subject to U.S. federal income taxation and, in some cases, state, local, or foreign income taxation on their allocable share of the Fund s taxable income, whether or not they receive cash distributions from the Fund. Shareholders may not receive cash distributions equal to their share of the Fund s taxable income or even the tax liability that results from such income. 
 
 16 

Items of Income, Gain, Loss and Deduction with Respect to Shares Could Be Reallocated if the IRS Does Not Accept the Assumptions or Conventions Used by the Fund in Allocating Such Items. 
 U.S. federal income tax rules applicable to partnerships are complex and often difficult to apply to publicly traded partnerships. The Fund will apply certain assumptions and conventions in an attempt to comply with applicable rules and to report items of income, gain, loss and deduction to Shareholders in a manner that reflects the Shareholders beneficial interest in such tax items, but these assumptions and conventions may not be in compliance with all aspects of the applicable tax requirements. It is possible that the United States Internal Revenue Service (the IRS will successfully assert that the conventions and assumptions used by the Fund do not satisfy the technical requirements of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and/or the Federal Tax Regulations codified under 26 C.F.R., referred to herein as the Treasury Regulations, and could require that items of income, gain, loss and deduction be adjusted or reallocated in a manner that adversely affects one or more Shareholders. 
 The Fund is a partnership, which is generally not subject to U.S. federal income taxes. Rather, the partnership's taxable income flows through to the owners, who are responsible for paying the applicable income taxes on the income allocated to them. The Fund is subject to partnership audit rules in Subchapter C of Chapter 63 of the Code (the Centralized Partnership Audit Regime ). Under the Centralized Partnership Audit Regime, any IRS audit of the Fund would be conducted at the Fund level, and if the IRS determines an adjustment, the default rule is that the Fund would pay an imputed underpayment including interest and penalties, if applicable. The Fund may instead elect to make a push-out election, in which case the shareholders for the year that is under audit would be required to take into account the adjustments on their own personal income tax returns. 
 No Deduction for Qualified Publicly Traded Partnership Income. 
 For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, there is a 20 deduction for qualified publicly traded partnership income within the meaning of Section 199A(e)(4) of the Code. In general, qualified publicly traded partnership income for this purpose is an item of income, gain, deduction or loss that is effectively connected with a United States trade or business and includable in determining taxable income for the year, but does not include certain investment income. It is currently not expected that the Fund s income will be eligible for such deduction because as discussed below, although the matter is not free from doubt, the Fund believes that the activities directly conducted by the Fund will not result in the Fund being engaged in a trade or business within the United States. Potential investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the availability of such deduction for their allocable share of the Fund s items of income, gain, deduction and loss . 
 Regulated Investment Company Investors Will Be Treated as Owning a Proportionate Share of the Fund s Assets and Will Take into Account Its Allocable Share of the Fund s Items of Income, Gain, Loss and Deduction. 
 The Fund does not believe that it will be classified as a qualified publicly traded partnership within the meaning of Section 851(h) of the Code. Accordingly, a regulated investment company within the meaning of Subchapter M of the Code (a RIC that invests in Shares will be treated as owning a proportionate share of the Fund s assets and will take into account its allocable share of the Fund s items of income, gain, loss, and deduction when testing the various compliance requirements specifically applicable to RICs. RIC investors face a risk that future Treasury Regulations will recharacterize foreign currency gains received by them as nonqualifying income and be retroactive in application. Notwithstanding the above, the Fund anticipates that income recognized by a RIC in respect of their investment in the Fund should be treated as qualifying income for purposes of Section 851(b)(2) of the Code. A prospective RIC investor is encouraged to consult a tax advisor regarding the treatment of its investment in Shares under the current tax rules. 
 PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE STRONGLY URGED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AND COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO THE POSSIBLE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SHARES SUCH TAX CONSEQUENCES MAY DIFFER WITH RESPECT TO DIFFERENT INVESTORS. 
 GENERAL RISKS 
 An Insolvency Resulting from Another Series of the Trust or the Trust Itself May Have a Material Adverse Effect on the Fund. 
 The Fund is a series of a Delaware statutory trust. Pursuant to Delaware law, the organization of the Trust provides that the assets and liabilities of the Fund are separate from the assets and liabilities of the other series of the Trust, as well as the larger Trust itself. Though such organization may, under state law, protect the assets of the Fund in an insolvency action brought by the creditors of the other series of the Trust, this may be insufficient to protect the assets of the Fund from such creditors in an insolvency action in federal court, or in a court in a foreign jurisdiction. Accordingly, an insolvency resulting from the other series of the Trust or the Trust itself may have a material adverse effect on the Fund. 
 Disruptions in the Ability to Create and Redeem Creation Units May Adversely Affect Investors. 
 It is generally expected that the public trading price per Share will track the NAV per Share closely over time. The relationship between the public trading price per Share and the NAV per Share depends, to a considerable degree, on the ability of Authorized Participants or their clients or customers to purchase and redeem Creation Units in the ordinary course. If the process for creating or 
 17 

redeeming Shares is impaired for any reason, Authorized Participants and their clients or customers may not be able to purchase and redeem Creation Units or, even if possible, may choose not to do so. The inability to purchase and redeem Creation Units, or the partial impairment of the ability to purchase and redeem Creation Units, could result in Shares trading at a premium or discount to the NAV of the Fund. Such a premium or discount could be significant, depending upon the nature or duration of the impairment. 
 In addition, the Fund may, in its discretion, suspend the creation of Creation Units. Suspension of creations may adversely affect how the Shares are traded and could cause Shares to trade at a premium or discount to the NAV of the Fund, perhaps to a significant degree. 
 The Shares Could Decrease in Value if Unanticipated Operational or Trading Problems Arise. 
 The mechanisms and procedures governing the creation, redemption and offering of the Shares have been developed specifically for the Fund. Consequently, there may be unanticipated problems with respect to the mechanics of the operations of the Fund and the trading of the Shares that could have a material adverse effect on an investment in the Shares. To the extent that unanticipated operational or trading problems arise, the Managing Owner s past experience and qualifications may not be suitable for solving those problems. 
 Historical Performance of the Fund and the Index Is Not Indicative of Future Performance. 
 Past performance of the Fund or the Index is not necessarily indicative of future results. Therefore, past performance of the Fund or the Index should not be relied upon in deciding whether to buy Shares of the Fund. 
 Fees and Expenses May Deplete the Fund s Assets if the Fund s Investment Performance Is Not Favorable. 
 The Fund pays fees and expenses regardless of its investment performance. Such fees and expenses include asset-based fees of 0.75 per annum. Additional charges include brokerage fees of approximately 0.02 per annum in the aggregate and selling commissions. Selling commissions are not included in the Fund s breakeven calculation. The sum of the Fund s Treasury Income, Money Market Income and/or T-Bill ETF Income may not exceed its fees and expenses. If such income does not exceed its fees and expenses, in order to break even, the Fund s futures trading activity will need to have a favorable performance that exceeds the difference between the sum of the Fund s Treasury Income, Money Market Income and/or T-Bill ETF Income and its fees and expenses. If the Fund s futures trading performance is not sufficiently favorable, the Fund s expenses could deplete its assets over time. In such a scenario, the value of your Shares will decrease. 
 There May Be Circumstances That Could Prevent the Fund from Being Operated in a Manner Consistent With its Investment Objective. 
 There may be circumstances outside the control of the Managing Owner and/or the Fund that make it, for all practical purposes, impossible to re-position the Fund and/or to process a purchase or redemption order. Examples of such circumstances include: natural disasters public service disruptions or utility problems such as those caused by fires, floods, extreme weather conditions, and power outages resulting in telephone, telecopy, and computer failures market conditions or activities causing trading halts systems failures involving computer or other information systems affecting the aforementioned parties, as well as DTC, or any other participant in the purchase process, and similar extraordinary events. While the Managing Owner has established and implemented a disaster recovery plan, circumstances such as those identified above may prevent the Fund from being operated in a manner consistent with its investment objective. 
 Additionally, natural or environmental disasters, such as earthquakes, fires, floods, hurricanes, tsunamis and other severe weather-related phenomena generally, and widespread disease, including pandemics and epidemics, have been and may be highly disruptive to economies and markets, adversely impacting individual companies, sectors, industries, markets, currencies, interest and inflation rates, credit ratings, investor sentiment, and other factors affecting the value of the Fund s investments. Given the increasing interdependence among global economies and markets, conditions in one country, market, or region are increasingly likely to adversely affect markets, issuers, and/or foreign exchange rates in other countries, including the U.S. Any such events could have a significant adverse impact on the value of the Fund s investments and could result in increased premiums or discounts to the Fund s NAV. Additionally, the Fund rebalances its portfolio in accordance with the Index, and, therefore, any changes to the Index s rebalance schedule will result in corresponding changes to the Fund s rebalance schedule. 
 Redemption Orders for Creation Units May Be Subject to Postponement, Suspension or Rejection Under Certain Circumstances. 
 The Managing Owner may, in its discretion, suspend the right of redemption or postpone the redemption order settlement date with respect to Creation Units for (1) any period during which an emergency exists as a result of which the redemption distribution is not reasonably practicable, or (2) such other period as the Managing Owner determines to be necessary for the protection of the Shareholders. In addition, the Fund will reject a redemption order if the order is not in proper form as described in the participant agreement with the Authorized Participant, or if the fulfillment of the order, in the opinion of the Fund s counsel, might be unlawful. Any such postponement, suspension or rejection could adversely affect a redeeming Authorized Participant. For example, the resulting 
 18 

delay may adversely affect the value of the Authorized Participant s redemption proceeds if the NAV of the Fund declines during the period of delay. The Fund disclaims any liability for any loss or damage that may result from any such suspension or postponement . 
 Shareholders Do Not Have the Protections Associated With Ownership of Shares in an Investment Company Registered Under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 The Fund is not registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Consequently, Shareholders do not have the legal and regulatory protections provided to the investors in investment companies that are registered as such. 
 Shareholders Do Not Have the Rights Enjoyed by Investors in Certain Other Vehicles. 
 The Shares have none of the statutory rights normally associated with the ownership of shares of a corporation. However, under Delaware law, a beneficial owner of a business trust (such as a Shareholder) may, under certain circumstances, institute legal action on behalf of himself and all other similarly situated beneficial owners to recover damages from a third party where a managing owner has failed or refused to institute legal action on behalf of himself and all other similarly situated beneficial owners to recover damages from a managing owner for violations of fiduciary duties, or on behalf of a business trust to recover damages from a third party where a managing owner has failed or refused to institute proceedings to recover such damages. The Shares have limited voting and distribution rights (for example, Shareholders do not have the right to elect directors and the Fund is not required to pay regular distributions, although the Fund may pay distributions in the discretion of the Managing Owner). 
 Various Actual and Potential Conflicts of Interest May Be Detrimental to Shareholders. 
 The Fund is subject to actual and potential conflicts of interest involving the Managing Owner or any of its affiliates, the Commodity Broker, including its principals and its affiliates, the Index Sponsor and the Distributor. The Managing Owner and its principals, all of whom are engaged in other investment activities, are not required to devote substantially all of their time to the business of the Fund, which also presents the potential for numerous conflicts of interest with the Fund. The Managing Owner and its principals and affiliates are engaged in a broad array of asset management and financial services activities and may engage in activities during the ordinary course of business that cause their interests or those of their other clients to conflict with those of the Fund and its Shareholders. 
 As a result of these and other relationships, parties involved with the Fund have a financial incentive to act in a manner other than in the best interests of the Fund and the Shareholders. For example, by investing in affiliated money market mutual funds and/or T-Bill ETFs for margin and/or cash management purposes, the Managing Owner may select affiliated money market mutual funds and/or T-Bill ETFs that may pay dividends that are lower than non-affiliated money market mutual funds and/or T-Bill ETFs. In addition, the Managing Owner would have a conflict of interest if it sought to redeem the Fund s interest in an affiliated money market mutual fund or T-Bill ETF in circumstances when such a redemption would be unfavorable for the affiliated fund. The Managing Owner has not established any formal procedure to resolve conflicts of interest. Consequently, investors are dependent on the good faith of the respective parties subject to such conflicts to resolve them equitably. Although the Managing Owner attempts to monitor these conflicts, it is extremely difficult, if not impossible, for the Managing Owner to ensure that these conflicts do not, in fact, result in adverse consequences to the Fund and the Shareholders. 
 The Fund may be subject to certain conflicts with respect to the Commodity Broker, including, but not limited to, conflicts that result from receiving greater amounts of compensation from other clients, or purchasing opposite or competing positions on behalf of third party accounts traded through the Commodity Broker. 
 
 Because the Managing Owner and the Distributor are affiliates, the Managing Owner has a disincentive to replace the Distributor. Furthermore, the Managing Owner did not conduct an arm s length negotiation when it retained the Distributor. 
 Lack of Independent Advisers Representing Investors. 
 The Managing Owner has consulted with counsel, accountants and other advisers regarding the operation of the Fund. No counsel has been appointed to represent you in connection with the Fund s continuous offering of Shares. Accordingly, you should consult your own legal, tax and financial advisers about whether you should invest in the Fund. 
 Possibility of Termination of the Fund May Adversely Affect Your Portfolio. 
 It is ultimately within the discretion of the Managing Owner whether it will continue to operate and advise the Fund. The Managing Owner may withdraw from the Fund upon 120 days prior written notice to all Shareholders and the Trustee, which would cause the Fund to terminate unless a substitute managing owner was obtained. Shareholders owning 50 or more of the Shares have the power to terminate the Fund. If it is so exercised, investors who may wish to continue to invest in a vehicle that tracks the Fund s Index will have to find another vehicle, and may not be able to find another vehicle that offers the same features as the Fund. See Description of the Shares Certain Material Terms of the Trust Agreement Termination Events in the Fund s Prospectus for a summary of termination events. Such detrimental developments could cause you to liquidate your investments and upset the overall 
 19 

maturity and timing of your investment portfolio. In addition, Shareholders could receive less from the sale of the Fund s assets in the event of its liquidation and termination than amounts that could be realized from sales of those assets other than in the case of a liquidation and termination. If the registrations with the CFTC or memberships in the NFA of the Managing Owner or the Commodity Broker were revoked or suspended, such entity would no longer be able to provide services to the Fund. 
 Competing Claims Over Ownership of Intellectual Property Rights Related to the Fund Could Adversely Affect the Fund and an Investment in the Shares. 
 While the Managing Owner believes that all intellectual property rights needed to operate the Fund in the manner described in the Fund s Prospectus are either owned by or licensed to the Managing Owner or have been obtained, third parties may allege or assert ownership of intellectual property rights which may be related to the design, structure and operations of the Fund. To the extent any claims of such ownership are brought or any proceedings are instituted to assert such claims, the issuance of any restraining orders or injunctions, the negotiation, litigation or settlement of such claims, or the ultimate disposition of such claims in a court of law may adversely affect the Fund and an investment in the Shares. For example, such actions could result in expenses or damages payable by the Fund, suspension of activities or the termination of the Fund. 
 The Value of the Shares Will Be Adversely Affected if the Fund Is Required to Indemnify the Trustee or the Managing Owner. 
 Under the Trust Agreement, the Trustee and the Managing Owner have the right to be indemnified for any liability or expense they incur, except for any expenses resulting from gross negligence or willful misconduct. That means the Managing Owner may require the assets of the Fund to be sold in order to cover losses or liability suffered by it or by the Trustee. Any sale of that kind would reduce the NAV of the Fund and, consequently, the value of the Shares. 
 Although the Shares Are Limited Liability Investments, Certain Circumstances such as Bankruptcy of the Fund or Indemnification of the Fund by the Shareholders Will Increase a Shareholder s Liability. 
 The Shares are limited liability investments investors may not lose more than the amount that they invest including any appreciation in their investments. However, Shareholders could be required, as a matter of bankruptcy law, to return to the estate of the Fund any distribution they received at a time when the Fund was in fact insolvent or in violation of the Trust Agreement. In addition, Shareholders agree in the Trust Agreement that they will indemnify the Fund for any harm suffered by it as a result of: 

Shareholders actions unrelated to the business of the Fund, or 

taxes imposed on the Shares by the states or municipalities in which such investors reside. 

 The Fund May Lose Money on Its Holdings of Money Market Mutual Funds. 
 The Fund may invest in government money market funds that have chosen to not rely on the ability to impose fees on shareholder redemptions, or liquidity fees, or temporarily to suspend redemption privileges, or gates, if the government money market fund s weekly liquid assets fall below a certain threshold. Although such government money market funds seek to preserve the value of an investment at 1.00 per share, there is no guarantee that they will be able to do so. As a result, the Fund may lose money by investing in a government money market fund. An investment in a government money market fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC or any other government agency. The share price of a government money market fund can fall below the 1.00 share price. The Fund cannot rely on or expect a government money market fund s adviser or its affiliates to enter into support agreements or take other actions to maintain the government money market fund s 1.00 share price. The credit quality of a government money market fund s holdings can change rapidly in certain markets, and the default of a single holding could have an adverse impact on the government money market fund s share price. Due to fluctuations in interest rates, the market value of securities held by a government money market fund may vary. A government money market fund s share price can also be negatively affected during periods of high redemption pressures and/or illiquid markets. 
 Due to the Increased Use of Technologies, Intentional and Unintentional Cyber Attacks Pose Operational and Information Security Risks. 
 With the increased use of technologies such as the Internet and the dependence on computer systems to perform necessary business functions, the Fund is susceptible to operational and information security risks. In general, cyber incidents can result from deliberate attacks or unintentional events. Cyber attacks include, but are not limited to gaining unauthorized access to digital systems for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or causing operational disruption. Cyber attacks may also be carried out in a manner that does not require gaining unauthorized access, such as causing denial-of-service attacks on websites. 
 Cyber security failures or breaches of the Fund s third party service providers (including, but not limited to, the Index Sponsor, the Administrator and the Transfer Agent) or the money market mutual funds and T-Bill ETFs in which the Fund invests, have the ability to cause disruptions and impact business operations, potentially resulting in financial losses, the inability of Shareholders or Authorized Participants to transact business in Shares and Creation Units respectively, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, regulatory fines, penalties, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs, and/or additional compliance costs. In addition, 
 20 

substantial costs may be incurred in order to prevent any cyber incidents in the future. The Fund and its Shareholders could be negatively impacted as a result. 
 While the Managing Owner has established business continuity plans and systems reasonably designed to detect and prevent such cyber attacks from being effective, there are inherent limitations in such plans and systems. For instance, it is possible that certain existing risks have not been identified or that new risks will emerge before countervailing measures can be implemented. Furthermore, the Fund cannot control, or even necessarily influence, the cyber security plans and systems put in place by the Fund s third party service providers. Since the Fund is dependent upon third party service providers (including the Managing Owner) for substantially all of its operational needs, the Fund is subject to the risk that a cyber attack on a service provider will materially impair its normal operations even if the Fund itself is not subject to such an attack. A cyber security incident that affects any of the Fund s service providers could result in loss or unintended disclosure of information or loss or theft of the Fund s assets and could adversely impact the ability of the Fund s service providers to conduct their business, including their business on behalf of the Fund. In addition, a service provider that has experienced a cyber security incident may divert resources normally devoted to servicing the Fund to addressing the incident, which would be likely to have an adverse effect on the Fund s operations. Cyber attacks may also cause disruptions to the futures exchanges and clearinghouses through which the Fund invests in futures contracts and to the exchanges on which the Fund buys and sells shares of T-Bill ETFs, which could result in disruptions to the Fund s ability to pursue its investment objective, resulting in financial losses to the Fund and Shareholders. 

ITEM 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 None. 

ITEM 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 

 The Fund does not own or use physical properties in the conduct of its business. Its assets consist of futures contracts, cash, United States Treasury Obligations and may consist of money market mutual funds and/or T-Bill ETFs. The Managing Owner s headquarters are located at 3500 Lacey Road, Suite 700, Downers Grove, Illinois 60515. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 None. 

ITEM 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 Not applicable. 

21 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 Market Information 
 The Shares have been trading on the NYSE Arca since November 25, 2008 under the symbol UUP. 
 Holders 
 As of January 31, 2023, the Fund had 109 holders of record of its Shares. 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds of Registered Securities 
 (a) There have been no unregistered sales of the Shares. No Shares are authorized for issuance by the Fund under equity compensation plans. 
 (b) Not applicable. 
 (c) Although the Fund did not redeem Shares directly from its shareholders, the Fund redeemed Creation Units from Authorized Participants during the three months ended December 31, 2022 as follows: 

Period of Redemption 

Total Number of 
 Shares Redeemed 

Average Price 
 Paid per Share 

October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 

700,000 

30.46 

November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 

10,700,000 

28.96 

December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 

13,300,000 

28.13 

Total 

24,700,000 

28.55 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

22 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This information should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes included in Item 8 of Part II of this Report. The discussion and analysis which follows may contain trend analysis and other forward-looking statements. See "Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Information" above. 
 You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Except as expressly required by the Federal securities laws, the Fund and the Managing Owner undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or the risks, uncertainties or other factors described in this Report, as a result of new information, future events or changed circumstances or for any other reason after the date of this Report. 
 Overview/Introduction 
 Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund (the Fund ), a separate series of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Trust (the Trust ), was formed as a Delaware statutory trust on August 3, 2006. The term of the Fund is perpetual (unless terminated earlier in certain circumstances) as provided for in the Fifth Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust and Trust Agreement of the Trust, as amended (the Trust Agreement ). The Fund has an unlimited number of shares authorized for issuance. 
 Invesco Capital Management LLC Invesco has served as the managing owner (the Managing Owner ), commodity pool operator and commodity trading advisor of the Trust and the Fund since February 23, 2015. The Managing Owner is registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC as a commodity pool operator and a commodity trading advisor, and it is a member firm of the National Futures Association NFA ). 
 The Fund establishes long positions in certain futures contracts (the DX Contracts with a view to tracking the changes, whether positive or negative, in the level of the Deutsche Bank Long USD Currency Portfolio Index Excess Return TM (the Index over time. The Index was renamed effective January 17, 2017. Prior to January 17, 2017, the Index was known as the Deutsche Bank Long US Dollar Index (USDX Futures Index Excess Return TM . The Index, as renamed, is identical to the Index prior to its name change on January 17, 2017. The performance of the Fund also is intended to reflect the excess, if any, of the sum of the Fund s interest income from its holdings of United States Treasury Obligations Treasury Income ), dividends from its holdings in money market mutual funds (affiliated or otherwise) Money Market Income and dividends or distributions of capital gains from its holdings of T-Bill ETFs T-Bill ETF Income over the expenses of the Fund. 
 The Fund may invest directly in United States Treasury Obligations. The Fund may also gain exposure to United States Treasury Obligations through investments in ETFs (affiliated or otherwise) that track indexes that measure the performance of United States Treasury Obligations with a maximum remaining maturity of up to 12 months T-Bill ETFs ). The Fund holds as collateral United States Treasury Obligations, money market mutual funds and T-Bill ETFs (affiliated or otherwise), if any, for margin and/or cash management purposes. While the Fund's performance reflects the appreciation and depreciation of those holdings, the Fund's performance, whether positive or negative, is driven primarily by its strategy of trading DX Contracts with the aim of seeking to track the Index. 
 If the Managing Owner determines in its commercially reasonable judgment that it has become impracticable or inefficient for any reason for the Fund to gain full or partial exposure to a DX Contract, the Fund may invest in: 
 a different month DX Contract other than the specific DX Contract that was originally required by the Index, 
 another futures contract substantially similar to the DX Contracts, if available, 
 the futures contracts referencing the Index Currencies, or 
 a forward agreement, swap, or other OTC derivative referencing the Index Currencies, 
 if, in the commercially reasonable judgment of the Managing Owner, such an instrument tends to exhibit trading prices that correlate with the DX Contract. 
 The Index is calculated to reflect the changes in market value over time, whether positive or negative, of long positions in DX Contracts. DX Contracts are traded through the currency markets of ICE Futures U.S. (formerly known as the New York Board of Trade ), under the symbol DX. The Index reflects the changes in market value over time, whether positive or negative, of the DX Contracts which expire during the months of March, June, September and December. The Fund seeks to track the Index by establishing long positions in DX Contracts. DX Contracts are linked to the six underlying currencies (the Index Currencies of the ICE U.S. Dollar Index (USDX (the USDX ). The Index Currencies are the Euro, Japanese Yen, British Pound, Canadian Dollar, Swedish Krona and Swiss Franc. The notional amounts of the Index Currencies included in the USDX reflect a geometric weighted average of the change in the Index Currencies exchange rates against the U.S. dollar relative to March 1973. March 1973 was chosen as a base period of the USDX because it represents a significant milestone in foreign exchange history when the world s major trading nations allowed their currencies to float freely against each other. 
 23 

The USDX mark is a registered service mark owned by ICE Futures U.S., Inc. 
 The Shares are intended to provide investment results that generally correspond to the changes, positive or negative, in the levels of the Index over time. The value of the Shares is expected to fluctuate in relation to changes in the value of the Fund s portfolio. The market price of the Shares may not be identical to the NAV per Share, but these two valuations are expected to be very close. 
 Margin Calls 
 Initial or original margin is the minimum amount of funds that must be deposited by a futures trader with his commodity broker in order to initiate futures trading or to maintain an open position in futures contracts. Maintenance margin is the amount (generally less than initial margin) to which a trader s account may decline before he must deliver additional margin. A margin deposit is like a cash performance bond. It helps assure the futures trader s performance of the futures contract that the trader purchases or sells. Futures contracts are customarily bought and sold on margin that represents a very small percentage (ranging upward from less than 2 of the purchase price of the underlying commodity being traded. Because of such low margins, price fluctuations occurring in the futures markets may create profits and losses that are greater, in relation to the amount invested, than are customary in other forms of investments. The minimum amount of margin required in connection with a particular futures contract is set from time to time by the exchange on which such contract is traded, and may be modified from time to time by the exchange during the term of the contract. Variation margin is assessed daily to reflect changes in the value of the position. 
 Brokerage firms carrying accounts for traders in futures contracts may not accept lower, and generally require higher, amounts of margin as a matter of policy in order to afford further protection for themselves. 
 Margin requirements are computed each day by a commodity broker. When the market value of a particular open futures contract position changes to a point where the margin on deposit does not satisfy maintenance margin requirements, a margin call is made by the commodity broker. If the margin call is not met within a reasonable time, the broker may close out the Fund s position. With respect to the Managing Owner s trading, only the Managing Owner, and not the Fund or its Shareholders personally, will be subject to margin calls. 
 Net Asset Value 
 NAV means the total assets of the Fund, including, but not limited to, all currency futures contracts, cash and investments less total liabilities of the Fund, each determined on the basis of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ), consistently applied under the accrual method of accounting. All open currency futures contracts will be calculated at their then current market value, which will be based upon the settlement price for that particular currency futures contract traded on the applicable primary exchange on the date with respect to which NAV is being determined. Securities for which market quotations are not readily available or became unreliable are valued at fair value as determined in good faith following procedures approved by the Managing Owner. The amount of any distribution is a liability of the Fund from the day when the distribution is declared until it is paid. 
 NAV per Share is the NAV of the Fund divided by the number of outstanding Shares. 
 Market Risk 
 Trading in futures contracts involves the Fund entering into contractual commitments to sell a particular currency at a specified date and price. The market risk associated with the Fund s commitments to purchase currencies is limited to the gross or face amount of the contracts held. 
 The Fund s exposure to market risk is also influenced by a number of factors including the volatility of interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, the liquidity of the markets in which the contracts are traded and the relationships among the contracts held. The inherent uncertainty of the Fund s trading as well as the development of drastic market occurrences could ultimately lead to a loss of all or substantially all of the investors capital. 
 Credit Risk 
 When the Fund enters into futures contracts, the Fund is exposed to credit risk that the counterparty to the contract will not meet its obligations. The counterparty for futures contracts traded on United States and on most foreign futures exchanges is the clearing house associated with the particular exchange. In general, clearing houses are backed by their corporate members who may be required to share in the financial burden resulting from the nonperformance by one of their members and, as such, is designed to disperse and mitigate the credit risk posed by any one member. In cases where the clearing house is not backed by the clearing members (i.e., some foreign exchanges), it may be backed by a consortium of banks or other financial institutions. There can be no assurance that any counterparty, clearing member or clearinghouse will meet its obligations to the Fund. 
 24 

The Commodity Broker, when acting as the Fund s FCM in accepting orders for the purchase or sale of domestic futures contracts, is required by CFTC regulations to separately account for and segregate as belonging to the Fund all assets of the Fund relating to domestic futures trading. The Commodity Broker is not allowed to commingle such assets with other assets of the Commodity Broker. In addition, CFTC regulations also require the Commodity Broker to hold in a secure account assets of the Fund related to foreign futures trading. While these legal requirements are designed to protect the customers of FCMs , a failure by the Commodity Broker to comply with those requirements would be likely to have a material adverse effect on the Fund in the event that the Commodity Broker became insolvent or suffered other financial distress. 
 Liquidity 
 The Fund s entire source of capital is derived from the Fund s offering of Shares to Authorized Participants. The Fund in turn allocates its net assets to currency futures trading. A significant portion of the NAV is held in United States Treasury Obligations, which may be used as margin for the Fund s trading in currency futures contracts and United States Treasury Obligations, money market mutual funds, cash and T-Bill ETFs, if any, which may be used for cash management purposes. The percentage that United States Treasury Obligations bear to the total net assets will vary from period to period as the market values of the Fund s currency futures change. A portion of the Fund s United States Treasury Obligations is held for deposit with the Commodity Broker to meet margin requirements. All remaining cash, money market mutual funds, T-Bill ETFs, if any, and United States Treasury Obligations are on deposit with the Custodian. Interest earned on the Fund s interest-bearing funds and dividends from the Fund s holdings of money market mutual funds are paid to the Fund. Any dividends or distributions of capital gains received from the Fund s holdings of T-Bill ETFs, if any, are paid to the Fund. 
 The Fund s currency futures contracts may be subject to periods of illiquidity because of market conditions, regulatory considerations or for other reasons. For example, U.S. futures exchanges and some foreign exchanges have regulations that limit the amount of fluctuation in futures contract prices that may occur during a single business day. These limits are generally referred to as daily price fluctuation limits or daily limits, and the maximum or minimum price of a contract on any given day as a result of these limits is referred to as a limit price. Once a limit price has been reached in a particular contract, it is usually the case that no trades may be made at a different price than specified in the limit. The duration of limit prices generally varies. Limit prices may have the effect of precluding the Fund from trading in a particular contract or requiring the Fund to liquidate contracts at disadvantageous times or prices. Either of those outcomes could adversely affect the Fund s ability to pursue its investment objective or achieve favorable performance. 
 Because the Fund trades futures contracts, its capital is at risk due to changes in the value of futures contracts (market risk) or the inability of counterparties (including the Commodity Broker and/or exchange clearinghouses) to perform under the terms of the contracts (credit risk). 
 On any business day, an Authorized Participant may place an order with the Transfer Agent to redeem one or more blocks of 100,000 Shares Creation Units ). Redemption orders must be placed by 1:00 p.m., Eastern Time. The day on which the Managing Owner receives a valid redemption order is the redemption order date. The day on which a redemption order is settled is the redemption order settlement date. As provided below, the redemption order settlement date may occur up to two business days after the redemption order date. Redemption orders are irrevocable. The redemption procedures allow Authorized Participants to redeem Creation Units. Individual Shareholders may not redeem directly from the Fund. Instead, individual Shareholders may only redeem Shares in integral multiples of 100,000 and only through an Authorized Participant. 
 Unless otherwise agreed to by the Managing Owner and the Authorized Participant as provided in the next sentence, by placing a redemption order, an Authorized Participant agrees to deliver the Creation Units to be redeemed through DTC s book-entry system to the Fund no later than the redemption order settlement date as of 2:45 p.m., Eastern Time, on the business day immediately following the redemption order date. Upon submission of a redemption order, the Authorized Participant may request the Managing Owner to agree to a redemption order settlement date up to two business days after the redemption order date. By placing a redemption order, and prior to receipt of the redemption proceeds, an Authorized Participant s DTC account is charged the non-refundable transaction fee due for the redemption order. 
 Redemption orders may be placed either (i) through the Continuous Net Settlement CNS clearing processes of the National Securities Clearing Corporation (the NSCC (the CNS Clearing Process or (ii) if outside the CNS Clearing Process, only through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company DTC or the Depository (the DTC Process ), or a successor depository, and only in exchange for cash. By placing a redemption order, and prior to receipt of the redemption proceeds, an Authorized Participant s DTC account is charged the non-refundable transaction fee due for the redemption order and such fee is not borne by the Fund. 
 The Fund is unaware of any known trends or any known demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that will result in or that are reasonably likely to result in the registrant's liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material way. 
 25 

Capital Resources 
 The Fund does not have any material cash requirements as of the end of the latest fiscal period. The Fund is unaware of any known material trends, favorable or unfavorable, in the Fund s capital resources. 
 In the normal course of its business, the Fund is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk. The term off-balance sheet risk refers to an unrecorded potential liability that, even though it does not appear on the balance sheet, may result in a future obligation or loss. The financial instruments used by the Fund are currency futures, the values of which are based upon an underlying asset and generally represent future commitments which have a reasonable possibility to be settled in cash or through physical delivery. The financial instruments are traded on an exchange and are standardized contracts. 
 The Fund has not utilized, nor does it expect to utilize in the future, special purpose entities to facilitate off-balance sheet financing arrangements and has no loan guarantee arrangements or off-balance sheet arrangements of any kind, other than agreements entered into in the normal course of business noted above, which may include indemnification provisions related to certain risks service providers undertake in providing services to the Fund. While the Fund s exposure under such indemnification provisions cannot be estimated, these general business indemnifications are not expected to have a material impact on the Fund s financial position. The Managing Owner expects the risk of loss relating to indemnification to be remote. 
 The Fund has financial obligations to the Managing Owner and the Commodity Broker under the Trust Agreement and its agreement with the Commodity Broker (the Commodity Broker Agreement ), respectively. Management Fee payments made to the Managing Owner, pursuant to the Trust Agreement, are calculated as a fixed percentage of the Fund s NAV. Commission payments to the Commodity Broker, pursuant to the Commodity Broker Agreement, are on a contract-by-contract, or round-turn, basis. As such, the Managing Owner cannot anticipate the number of payments that will be required under these arrangements for future periods as NAVs and trading activity will not be known until a future date. The Fund s agreement with the Commodity Broker may be terminated by either party for various reasons. All Management Fees and commission payments are paid to the Managing Owner and the Commodity Broker, respectively. 
 Cash Flows 
 A primary cash flow activity of the Fund is to raise capital from Authorized Participants through the issuance of Shares. This cash is used to invest in United States Treasury Obligations, money market mutual funds and T-Bill ETFs, if any, and to meet margin requirements as a result of the positions taken in DX Contracts to match the fluctuations of the Index. 
 As of the date of this Report, each of ABN AMRO Clearing Chicago LLC, BofA Securities., Inc, BMO Capital Markets Corp., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Citadel Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co., Goldman Sachs Execution & Clearing LP, Interactive Brokers LLC, Jefferies LLC, JP Morgan Securities Inc., Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Nomura Securities International Inc., RBC Capital Markets LLC, UBS Securities LLC, Virtu Americas LLC and Virtu Financial Capital Markets LLC has executed a Participant Agreement and are the only Authorized Participants. 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash flow provided by (used in) operating activities was (847.6) million and (328.3) million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts primarily include net income (loss), net purchases and sales of money market mutual funds and net purchases and sales of United States Treasury Obligations which are held at fair value on the Statements of Financial Condition. The Fund may hold United States Treasury Obligations, money market mutual funds and T-Bill ETFs (affiliated or otherwise), for margin and/or cash management purposes only. While the Fund's performance reflects the appreciation and depreciation of those holdings, the Fund's performance, whether positive or negative, is driven primarily by its strategy of trading DX Contracts with the aim of seeking to track the Index. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, 1,984.8 million was paid to purchase United States Treasury Obligations and 1,422.0 million was received from sales and maturing United States Treasury Obligations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, 261.0 million was paid to purchase United States Treasury Obligations and 289.0 million was received from sales and maturing United States Treasury Obligations. 3,509.5 million was received from sales of affiliated investments and 3,152.7 million was paid to purchase affiliated investments during the year ended December 31, 2022. 619.4 million was received from sales of affiliated investments and 1,000.5 million was paid to purchase affiliated investments during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Financing Activities 
 The Fund s net cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities was 853.2 million and 328.3 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This included 2,623.7 million and 755.8 million from the sale of Shares to Authorized Participants and 1,754.3 million and 427.4 million from Shares redeemed by Authorized Participants during the years 
 26 

ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, distributions paid to Shareholders were 16.2 million. T here were no distributions paid to shareholders during the year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 Results of Operations 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 The following graphs illustrate the percentage changes in (i) the market price of the Shares (as reflected by the line Market ), (ii) the Fund s NAV (as reflected by the line NAV ), and (iii) the closing levels of the Index (as reflected by the line Deutsche Bank Long USD Currency Portfolio Index-Excess Return TM ). Whenever the Treasury Income, Money Market Income and T-Bill ETF Income, if any, earned by the Fund exceeds Fund expenses, the price of the Shares generally exceeds the level of the Index at that time primarily because the Share price reflects Treasury Income, Money Market Income and T-Bill ETF Income, whereas the Index does not consider such income. There can be no assurance that the price of the Shares or the Fund s NAV will exceed the Index levels. 
 No representation is being made that the Index will or is likely to achieve closing levels consistent with or similar to those set forth herein. Similarly, no representation is being made that the Fund will generate profits or losses similar to the Fund s past performance or changes in the Index closing levels. 
 
 27 

COMPARISON OF MARKET, NAV AND DEUTSCHE BANK LONG USD CURRENCY PORTFOLIO INDEX EXCESS RETURN TM FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NEITHER THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND NOR THE PRIOR INDEX LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE FUND S FUTURE PERFORMANCE. 

NEITHER THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND NOR THE PRIOR INDEX LEVELS AND CHANGES, 
 POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE FUND S FUTURE PERFORMANCE. 
 
 28 

Performance Summary 
 This Report covers the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For performance discussion related to the year ended December 31, 2020, see the annual report for the year ended December 31, 2020, available at http://www.invesco.com/ETFs. 
 The Index is intended to reflect the change in market value of the U.S. dollar relative to the Index Currencies. Past Index results are not necessarily indicative of future changes, positive or negative, in the Index closing levels. 
 The section Summary of the Long Index TR TM and Underlying DX Contract Returns for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 below provides an overview of the changes in the closing levels of the Long Index TR TM by disclosing the change in closing levels of the underlying DX Contracts of the Index through a surrogate (and analogous) index that also reflects the return of 3-month United States Treasury Bills. Please note also that the Fund s objective is to track the Index (not the Long Index TR and the Fund does not attempt to outperform or underperform the Index. 
 Summary of the Long Index TR TM and Underlying DX Contract Returns for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

Underlying Index 

2022 

2021 

DX Contract 

10.91 

6.46 

If the Fund s Treasury Income, Money Market Income and T-Bill ETF Income were to exceed the Fund s fees and expenses, the aggregate return on an investment in the Fund would be expected to outperform the Index and underperform the Long Index TR TM . The only difference between (i) the Index (the Excess Return Index and (ii) the Long Index-TR TM (the Total Return Index is that the Excess Return Index does not include interest income from fixed income securities while the Total Return Index does include such a component. Thus, the difference between the Excess Return Index and the Total Return Index is attributable entirely to the interest income attributable to the fixed income securities reflected in the Total Return Index. The Total Return Index does not actually hold any fixed income securities. If the Fund s Treasury Income, Money Market Income and T-Bill ETF Income, if any, exceeds the Fund s fees and expenses, then the amount of such excess is expected to be distributed periodically. The market price of the Shares is expected to closely track the Excess Return Index. The aggregate return on an investment in the Fund over any period is the sum of the capital appreciation or depreciation of the Shares over the period, plus the amount of any distributions during the period. Consequently, the Fund s aggregate return is expected to outperform the Excess Return Index by the amount of the excess, if any, of the Fund s Treasury Income, Money Market Income and T-Bill ETF Income over its fees and expenses. As a result of the Fund s fees and expenses, however, the aggregate return on the Fund is expected to underperform the Total Return Index. If the Fund s fees and expenses were to exceed the Fund s Treasury Income, Money Market Income and T-Bill ETF Income, if any, the aggregate return on an investment in the Fund is expected to underperform the Excess Return Index. 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 Fund Share Price Performance 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the NYSE Arca market value of each Share increased from 25.63 per Share to 27.81 per Share. The Share price low and high for the year ended December 31, 2022 and related change from the Share price on December 31, 2021 was as follows: Shares traded at a low of 25.42 per Share (-0.82 on January 13, 2022, and a high of 30.70 per Share (+19.78 on September 27, 2022. On December 23, 2022, the Fund paid a distribution of 0.24660 for each General Share and Share to holders of record as of December 20, 2022. Therefore, the total return for the Fund on a market value basis was +9.46 . 
 The U.S. dollar, and hence the Fund, posted strong positive performance in the first three quarters of the year but retreated sharply in the fourth quarter of the year. Heightened geopolitical tensions in the first quarter and growing recession fears in the second and third quarters boosted demand for haven assets like the U.S. dollar, pushing it past 20-year highs in September, while uncertainty over Europe s macroeconomic outlook in the first quarter, given its geographical proximity and strong reliance on Russian commodities, and then the region s deepening energy crisis in the second and third quarters, weighed on its European counterparts. The U.S. dollar was also supported by other central banks relatively dovish policies, notably the Bank of Japan, in comparison to the Federal Reserve, as higher interest rates tend to boost demand for a currency. Finally, falling crude oil prices weighed on the Canadian dollar given the country is a major exporter of the commodity. However, the U.S. dollar plunged to end the year as expectations for a moderation in Federal Reserve rate hikes grew, following a larger-than-expected drop in U.S. inflation. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the NYSE Arca market value of each Share increased from 24.26 per Share to 25.63 per Share. The Share price low and high for the year ended December 31, 2021 and related change from the Share price on December 31, 2020 was as follows: Shares traded at a low of 24.11 per Share (-0.62 on January 6, 2021, and a high of 25.97 per Share (+7.05 on November 24, 2021. No distributions were paid to Shareholders during the year ended December 31, 2021. Therefore, the total return for the Fund on a market value basis was +5.65 . 
 29 

2021 marked a strong year for the U.S. dollar, leading to positive returns for the Fund. The front month U.S. dollar index futures, which measure the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other major world currencies, locked in the best year since 2015 as it recovered significantly from the free fall it experienced the year prior. Soaring U . S . inflation, driven by unprecedented pandemic related stimulus measures, accelerated the timeline for rate hikes in the U.S. Treasury yields across the curve rallied to multi-month highs to end the year, as fears over the Omicron variant dissipated on news that it is less lethal compared to previous variants. In comparison, all other major currencies except for the Canadian Dollar (i.e., the Euro, Japanese Yen, British Pound, Swedish Krona, and Swiss Franc) ended the year lower versus. the U.S. dollar, due to their comparatively dovish monetary policies and widening yield differentials. 
 Fund Share Net Asset Performance 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the NAV of each Share increased from 25.62 per Share to 27.81 per Share. Rising currency futures contract prices for long DX Contracts during the year ended December 31, 2022 contributed to an overall 8.68 increase in the level of the Index and a 10.91 increase in the level of the Long Index-TR TM . On December 23, 2022, the Fund paid a distribution of 0.24660 for each General Share and Share to holders of record as of December 20, 2022. Therefore, the total return for the Fund on a NAV basis was +9.50 . 
 Net income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 81.3 million, resulting from 29.0 million of income, net realized gain (loss) of 66.9 million, net change in unrealized gain (loss) of (3.3) million and net operating expenses of 11.3 million. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the NAV of each Share increased from 24.25 per Share to 25.62 per Share. Rising currency futures contract prices for long DX Contracts during the year ended December 31, 2021 contributed to an overall 6.41 increase in the level of the Index and a 6.46 increase in the level of the Long Index-TR TM . No distributions were paid to Shareholders during the year ended December 31, 2021. Therefore, the total return for the Fund on a NAV basis was +5.65 . 
 Net income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021, was 22.8 million, resulting from 0.2 million of income, net realized gain (loss) of 26.4 million, net change in unrealized gain (loss) of (0.4) million and net operating expenses of 3.3 million. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Preparation of the financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the application of appropriate accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates, and requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenue and expense and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities during the reporting period of the financial statements and accompanying notes. The Fund s application of these policies involves judgments and actual results may differ from the estimates used. 
 There were no material estimates, which involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and had or are reasonably likely to have had a material impact on the Fund s financial condition, used in the preparation of these financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 INTRODUCTION 
 The Fund is designed to track the performance of the Index. The market sensitive instruments held by it are subject to the risk of trading loss. Unlike an operating company, the risk of market sensitive instruments is integral, not incidental, to the Fund s main line of business. 
 Market movements can produce frequent changes in the fair market value of the Fund s open positions and, consequently, in its earnings and cash flow. The Fund s market risk is primarily influenced by changes in the prices of currencies. 
 Standard of Materiality 
 Materiality as used in this section, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, is based on an assessment of reasonably possible market movements and the potential losses caused by such movements, taking into account the effects of margin, and any other multiplier features, as applicable, of the Fund s market sensitive instruments. 
 QUANTIFYING THE FUND S TRADING VALUE AT RISK 
 Quantitative Forward-Looking Statements 
 The following quantitative disclosures regarding the Fund s market risk exposures contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor from civil liability provided for such statements by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (set forth in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act). All quantitative disclosures in this section are deemed to be forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor, except for statements of historical fact (such as the dollar amount of maintenance margin required for market risk sensitive instruments held at the end of the reporting period). 
 30 

Value at Risk VaR is a statistical measure of the value of losses that would not be expected to be exceeded over a given time horizon and at a given probability level arising from movement of underlying risk factors. Loss is measured as a decline in the fair value of the portfolio as a result of changes in any of the material variables by which fair values are determined. VaR is measured over a specified holding period (one day) and to a specified level of statistical confidence (99th percentile). However, the inherent uncertainty in the markets in which the Fund trades and the recurrence in the markets traded by the Fund of market movements far exceeding expectations could result in actual trading or non-trading losses far beyond the indicated VaR or the Fund s experience to date (i.e., risk of ruin ). In light of these considerations, as well as the risks and uncertainties intrinsic to all future projections, the following VaR presentation does not constitute any assurance or representation that the Fund s losses in any market sector will be limited to VaR. 
 THE FUND S TRADING VALUE AT RISK 
 The Fund calculates VaR using the actual historical market movements of the Fund s net assets. 
 The following table indicates the trading VaR associated with the Fund s net assets as of December 31, 2022. 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 

Description 

Net Assets 

Daily Volatility 

VaR 
 (99 Percentile) 

Number of times 
 VaR Exceeded 

Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund 

1,643,466,731 

0.50 

19,066,881 

43 

The following table indicates the trading VaR associated with the Fund s net assets as of December 31, 2021. 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 2021 

Description 

Net Assets 

Daily Volatility 

VaR 
 (99 Percentile) 

Number of times 
 VaR Exceeded 

Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund 

717,345,170 

0.27 

4,515,600 

25 

The VaR represents the one day downside risk, under normal market conditions, with a 99 confidence level. It is calculated using historical market moves of the Fund s net assets and uses a one year look-back. 

 THE FUND S NON-TRADING MARKET RISK 
 The Fund has non-trading market risk as a result of investing in short-term United States Treasury Obligations, T-Bill ETFs and money market mutual funds. The market risk represented by these investments is not expected to be material. Although the Fund purchases and sells shares of T-Bill ETFs on an exchange, it does not establish or liquidate those positions for trading purposes. 
 QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES REGARDING PRIMARY TRADING MARKET RISK EXPOSURES 
 The following qualitative disclosures regarding the Fund s market risk exposures except for those disclosures that are statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. The Fund s primary market risk exposures are subject to numerous uncertainties, contingencies and risks. Government interventions, defaults and expropriations, illiquid markets, the emergence of dominant fundamental factors, political upheavals, changes in historical price relationships, an influx of new market participants, increased regulation and many other factors could result in material losses as well as in material changes to the risk exposures of the Fund. The Fund s current market exposure may change materially. Investors may lose all or substantially all of their investment in the Fund. 
 Several factors may affect the price of the Index Currencies (which underlie the DX Contracts), including, but not limited to: 

National debt levels and trade deficits, including changes in balances of payments and trade 

Domestic and foreign inflation rates and investors expectations concerning inflation rates 

Domestic and foreign interest rates and investors expectations concerning interest rates 

Currency exchange rates 

Investment and trading activities of mutual funds, hedge funds and currency funds 

Global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations 

Supply and demand changes which influence the foreign exchange rates of various currencies 

 31 

Monetary policies of governments (including exchange control programs, restrictions on local exchanges or markets and limitations on foreign investment in a country or on investment by residents of a country in other countries), trade restrictions, currency devaluations and revaluations 

Governmental intervention in the currency market, directly and by regulation, in order to influence currency prices and 

Expectations among market participants that a currency s value soon will change. 

 QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES REGARDING NON-TRADING MARKET RISK EXPOSURE 
 As noted above, the Fund has non-trading market risk as a result of investing in short-term United States Treasury Obligations, T-Bill ETFs and money market mutual funds. The market risk represented by these investments is not expected to be material. 
 QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES REGARDING MEANS OF MANAGING RISK EXPOSURE 
 Under ordinary circumstances, the Managing Owner s exercise of discretionary power is limited to determining whether the Fund will make a distribution. Under emergency or extraordinary circumstances, the Managing Owner s use of its discretionary powers may increase. These special circumstances, for example, include the unavailability of the Index or certain natural or man-made disasters. The Managing Owner does not actively manage the Fund to avoid losses. The Fund takes both long and short positions in investments and does not employ stop-loss techniques. 
 
 32 

ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 Index to Financial Statements 

Documents 

Page 

Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

34 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 

35 

Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

37 

Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 

38 

Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021 

39 

Statements of Income and Expenses for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

40 

Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

41 

Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

42 

Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2020 

43 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

44 

Notes to Financial Statements 

45 

33 

Report of Management on Internal Control 
 Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of Invesco Capital Management LLC, as managing owner (the Managing Owner of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund (the Fund ), is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 We, Anna Paglia, Principal Executive Officer, and Kelli Gallegos, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools of the Managing Owner, assessed the effectiveness of the Fund s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment and those criteria, we have concluded that the Fund maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Fund s independent registered public accounting firm, , has audited the Fund s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in their report on page 35 of the Fund s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

By: 

/ S / ANNA PAGLIA 

Name: 

Anna Paglia 

Title: 

Principal Executive Officer 

By: 

/ S / K ELLI G ALLEGOS 

Name: 

Kelli Gallegos 

Title: 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, 
 Investment Pools 

February 23, 2023 
 34 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Managers of Invesco Capital Management LLC (as Managing Owner of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Trust) and Shareholders of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying statements of financial condition, including the schedules of investments, of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund (one of the funds constituting Invesco DB US Dollar Index Trust, hereafter referred to as the Fund as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and the related statements of income and expenses, of changes in shareholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). We also have audited the Fund's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Fund as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Fund maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Fund's management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting , included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Fund s financial statements and on the Fund's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Fund in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits i n accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely 
 35 

detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Fund s auditor since 2013. 

36 

Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund 
 Statements of Financial Condition 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

United States Treasury Obligations, at value (cost and , respectively) 

Affiliated investments, at value (cost and , respectively) 

Cash held by custodian 

Receivable for: 

Cash due from broker 

Dividends from affiliates 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Other investments: 

Variation margin payable- Currency Futures Contracts 

Payable for: 

Fund shares reacquired 

Management fees 

Brokerage commissions and fees 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10) 

Equity 

Shareholder's equity General Shares 

Shareholders' equity Shares 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

General Shares outstanding 

Shares outstanding 

Net asset value per share 

Market value per share 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements which are an integral part of the financial statements. 

37 

Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund 
 Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 

Description 

Percentage of 
 Shareholders' 
 Equity 

Value 

Principal Value 

United States Treasury Obligations (a) 

U.S. Treasury Bills, due (b) 

U.S. Treasury Bills, due 

U.S. Treasury Bills, due 

U.S. Treasury Bills, due 

Total United States Treasury Obligations (cost 

Affiliated Investments 

Shares 

Exchange-Traded Fund 

Invesco Treasury Collateral ETF (cost (c) 

Money Market Mutual Fund 

Invesco Government & Agency Portfolio, 
 Institutional Class, (cost (c)(d) 

Total Affiliated Investments (cost 

Total Investments in Securities (cost 

(a) 

(b) 
 
 are on deposit with the Commodity Broker and held as maintenance margin for open futures contracts . 

(c 

(d) 

Open Currency Futures Contracts 

Number of Contracts 

Expiration Date 

Notional 
 Value 

Value (e) 

Unrealized 
 Appreciation 
 (Depreciation) (e) 

Long Futures Contracts 

ICE U.S. Dollar Index 

March-2023 

(e) 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements which are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 38 

Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund 
 Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 

Description 

Percentage of 
 Shareholders' 
 Equity 

Value 

Principal Value 

United States Treasury Obligations (a) 

U.S. Treasury Bills, due 

U.S. Treasury Bills, due 

U.S. Treasury Bills, due (b) 

U.S. Treasury Bills, due (b) 

Total United States Treasury Obligations (cost 

Affiliated Investments 

Shares 

Exchange-Traded Fund 

Invesco Treasury Collateral ETF (cost (c) 

Money Market Mutual Fund 

Invesco Government & Agency Portfolio, 
 Institutional Class, (cost (c)(d) 

Total Affiliated Investments (cost 

Total Investments in Securities (cost 

(a) 
 
 . 

(b) 
 
 are on deposit with the Commodity Broker and held as maintenance margin for open futures contracts . 

(c) 
 
 . 

(d) 
 
 . 

Open Currency Futures Contracts 

Number of Contracts 

Expiration Date 

Notional 
 Value 

Value (e) 

Unrealized 
 Appreciation 
 (Depreciation) (e) 

Long Futures Contracts 

ICE U.S. Dollar Index 

March- 2022 

(e) 
 
 Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) and Value are presented above, net by contract. 

 See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements which are an integral part of the financial statements. 

39 

Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund 
 Statements of Income and Expenses 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Income 

Interest Income 

Dividends from Affiliates 

Total Income 

Expenses 

Management Fees 

Brokerage Commissions and Fees 

Interest Expense 

Total Expenses 

Less: Waivers 

Net Expenses 

Net Investment Income (Loss) 

Net Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gain (Loss) on 
 United States Treasury Obligations, Affiliated Investments 
 and Currency Futures Contracts 

Net Realized Gain (Loss) on 

United States Treasury Obligations 

Affiliated Investments 

Capital gain distributions from Affiliated Investments 

Currency Futures Contracts 

Net Realized Gain (Loss) 

Net Change in Unrealized Gain (Loss) on 

United States Treasury Obligations 

Affiliated Investments 

Currency Futures Contracts 

Net Change in Unrealized Gain (Loss) 

Net Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gain (Loss) on 
 United States Treasury Obligations, Affiliated Investments 
 and Currency Futures Contracts 

Net Income (Loss) 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements which are an integral part of the financial statements. 

40 

Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund 
 Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

General Shares 

Shares 

Total 

Shares 

Total 
 Equity 

Shares 

Total 
 Equity 

Shareholders' 
 Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Purchases of Shares 

Redemption of Shares 

Net Increase (Decrease) due to Share Transactions 

Return of Capital Distributions 

Net Income (Loss) 

Net Investment Income (Loss) 

Net Realized Gain (Loss) on United States 
 Treasury Obligations, Affiliated 
 Investments and Currency Futures 
 Contracts 

Net Change in Unrealized Gain (Loss) 
 on United States Treasury Obligations, 
 Affiliated Investments and Currency 
 Futures Contracts 

Net Income (Loss) 

Net Change in Shareholders' Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements which are an integral part of the financial statements. 

41 

Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund 
 Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

General Shares 

Shares 

Total 

Shares 

Total 
 Equity 

Shares 

Total 
 Equity 

Shareholders' 
 Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Purchases of Shares 

Redemption of Shares 

Net Increase (Decrease) due to Share Transactions 

Net Income (Loss) 

Net Investment Income (Loss) 

Net Realized Gain (Loss) on United States 
 Treasury Obligations, Affiliated 
 Investments and Currency Futures 
 Contracts 

Net Change in Unrealized Gain (Loss) 
 on United States Treasury Obligations, 
 Affiliated Investments and Currency 
 Futures Contracts 

Net Income (Loss) 

Net Change in Shareholders' Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements which are an integral part of the financial statements. 

42 

Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund 
 Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 

General Shares 

Shares 

Total 

Shares 

Total 
 Equity 

Shares 

Total 
 Equity 

Shareholders' 
 Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

Purchases of Shares 

Redemption of Shares 

Net Increase (Decrease) due to Share Transactions 

Net Income (Loss) 

Net Investment Income (Loss) 

Net Realized Gain (Loss) on United States 
 Treasury Obligations, Affiliated 
 Investments and Currency Futures 
 Contracts 

Net Change in Unrealized Gain (Loss) 
 on United States Treasury Obligations, 
 Affiliated Investments and Currency 
 Futures Contracts 

Net Income (Loss) 

Net Change in Shareholders' Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements which are an integral part of the financial statements. 

43 

Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net Income (Loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by 
 (used for) operating activities: 

Cost of securities purchased 

Proceeds from securities sold and matured 

Cost of affiliated investments purchased 

Proceeds from affiliated investments sold 

Net accretion of discount on United States Treasury Obligations 

Net realized (gain) loss on United States Treasury Obligations 
 and Affiliated Investments 

Net change in unrealized (gain) loss on United States Treasury 
 Obligations and Affiliated Investments 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Variation margin- Currency Futures Contracts 

Cash due from broker 

Dividends from affiliates 

Management fees 

Brokerage commissions and fees 

Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Distributions paid to Shareholders 

Proceeds from purchases of Shares 

Redemption of Shares 

Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements which are an integral part of the financial statements. 

44 

Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 general shares (the General Shares of the Fund. The fiscal year end of the Fund is December 31st. 
 The Fund establishes long positions in certain futures contracts (the DX Contracts ), with a view to tracking the changes, whether positive or negative, in the level of the Deutsche Bank Long USD Currency Portfolio Index Excess Return TM (the Index ), over time. The Index was renamed effective January 17, 2017. Prior to January 17, 2017, the Index was known as the Deutsche Bank Long US Dollar Index (USDX Futures Index-Excess Return TM . The Index, as renamed, is identical to the Index prior to its name change on January 17, 2017. The performance of the Fund also is intended to reflect the excess, if any, of the sum of the Fund s interest income from its holdings of United States Treasury Obligations Treasury Income ), dividends from its holdings in money market mutual funds (affiliated or otherwise) Money Market Income and dividends or distributions of capital gains from its holdings of T-Bill ETFs (as defined below) T-Bill ETF Income over the expenses of the Fund. 
 The Fund may invest directly in United States Treasury Obligations. The Fund may also gain exposure to United States Treasury Obligations through investments in exchange-traded funds ETFs (affiliated or otherwise) that track indexes that measure the performance of United States Treasury Obligations with a maximum remaining maturity of up to months T-Bill ETFs ). The Fund holds as collateral United States Treasury Obligations, money market mutual funds and T-Bill ETFs (affiliated or otherwise), if any, for margin and/or cash management purposes. While the Fund's performance reflects the appreciation and depreciation of those holdings, the Fund's performance, whether positive or negative, is driven primarily by its strategy of trading DX Contracts with the aim of seeking to track the Index. 
 If the Managing Owner determines in its commercially reasonable judgment that it has become impracticable or inefficient for any reason for the Fund to gain full or partial exposure to a DX Contract, the Fund may invest in: 
 a different month DX Contract other than the specific DX Contract that was originally required by the Index, 
 another futures contract substantially similar to the DX Contracts, if available, 
 the futures contracts referencing the Index Currencies, or 
 a forward agreement, swap, or other OTC derivative referencing the Index Currencies, 
 if, in the commercially reasonable judgment of the Managing Owner, such an instrument tends to exhibit trading prices that correlate with the DX Contract. 
 The Index is calculated to reflect the changes in market value over time, whether positive or negative, of long positions in DX Contracts. DX Contracts are traded through the currency markets of ICE Futures U.S. (formerly known as the New York Board of Trade ), under the symbol DX. The Index reflects the changes in market value over time, whether positive or negative, of the DX Contracts which expires during the months of March, June, September and December. The Fund seeks to track the Index by establishing long positions in DX Contracts. DX Contracts are linked to the six underlying currencies (the Index Currencies of the ICE U.S. Dollar Index (USDX (the USDX ). The Index Currencies are the Euro, Japanese Yen, British Pound, Canadian Dollar, Swedish Krona and Swiss Franc. The notional amounts of the Index Currencies included in the USDX reflect a geometric weighted average of the change in the Index Currencies exchange rates against the U.S. dollar relative to March 1973. March 1973 was chosen as a base period of the USDX because it represents a significant milestone in foreign exchange history when the world s major trading nations allowed their currencies to float freely against each other. 
 The Fund offers common units of beneficial interest (the Shares only to certain eligible financial institutions (the Authorized Participants in or more blocks of Shares Creation Unit ). The Fund commenced investment operations on February 15, 2007. The Fund commenced trading on the American Stock Exchange (which became the NYSE Alternext US LLC) on February 20, 2007 and, since November 25, 2008, has been listed on the NYSE Arca, Inc. (the NYSE Arca ). 
 This Annual Report (the Annual Report covers the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Past performance of the Fund is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 
 45 
 
 for each General Share and Share for a total distribution of to General Shares and to Shares. distributions were paid for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

46 

Distribution per Share 

Distributions paid to General Shares 

Distributions paid to Shares 

, and , respectively, per round-turn trade. 
 47 
 
 per annum of the daily NAV of the Fund (the Management Fee ). The Fund, for cash management purposes, invests in money market mutual funds and/or T-Bill ETFs that are managed by affiliates of the Managing Owner. The indirect portion of the management fee that the Fund incurs through such investments is in addition to the Management Fee paid to the Managing Owner. The Managing Owner has contractually agreed to waive indefinitely the fees that it receives in an amount equal to the indirect management fees that the Fund incurs through its investments in affiliated money market mutual funds and/or affiliated T-Bill ETFs. The Managing Owner may terminate this fee waiver on notice. 
 The Managing Owner waived fees of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Distributor 
 Invesco Distributors, Inc. (the Distributor provides certain distribution services to the Fund. Pursuant to the Distribution Services Agreement among the Managing Owner, the Fund and the Distributor, the Distributor assists the Managing Owner and the Fund s administrator, The Bank of New York Mellon, with certain functions and duties relating to distribution and marketing services to the Fund including reviewing and approving marketing materials. 
 The Managing Owner pays the Distributor a distribution fee out of the Management Fee. 
 48 
 
 compensation for providing this service. As of April 8, 2019, Invesco Advisers no longer serves as a commodity trading advisor of the Fund. 
 The Commodity Broker 
 Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, serves as the Fund s futures clearing broker (the Commodity Broker ). The Commodity Broker is registered with the CFTC as an FCM and is a member of the NFA in such capacity. 
 A variety of executing brokers execute futures transactions on behalf of the Fund. Such executing brokers give-up all such transactions to the Commodity Broker. In its capacity as clearing broker, the Commodity Broker may execute or receive transactions executed by others and clears all of the Fund s futures transactions and performs certain administrative and custodial services for the Fund. The Commodity Broker is responsible, among other things, for providing periodic accountings of all dealings and actions taken by the Trust on behalf of the Fund during the reporting period, together with an accounting of all securities, cash or other indebtedness or obligations held by it or its nominees for or on behalf of the Fund. 
 The Administrator, Custodian and Transfer Agent 
 The Bank of New York Mellon (the Administrator , Custodian and Transfer Agent is the administrator, custodian and transfer agent of the Fund. The Fund and the Administrator have entered into separate administrative and accounting, custodian, transfer agency and service agreements (collectively referred to as the Administration Agreement ). 
 Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator performs or supervises the performance of services necessary for the operation and administration of the Fund (other than making investment decisions), including receiving and processing orders from Authorized Participants to create and redeem Creation Units, NAV calculations, accounting and other fund administrative services. The Administrator maintains certain financial books and records, including: Creation Unit creation and redemption records fund accounting records ledgers with respect to assets, liabilities, capital, income and expenses the registrar, transfer journals and related details and trading and related documents received from the Commodity Broker. The Managing Owner pays the Administrator for its services out of the Management Fee. 
 Index Sponsor 
 The Managing Owner, on behalf of the Fund, has appointed Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. to serve as the index sponsor (the Index Sponsor ). On February 1, 2021, the provision of index sponsor services transferred back to Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. from DWS Investment Management Americas, Inc, to whom Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. had previously assigned such responsibility. The Index Sponsor calculates and publishes the daily index levels and the indicative intraday index levels. Additionally, the Index Sponsor also calculates the indicative value per Share of the Fund throughout each business day. 
 The Managing Owner pays the Index Sponsor a licensing fee and an index services fee out of the Management Fee for performing its duties. cash equivalents held by the Fund as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Fund may deposit cash, United States Treasury Obligations, T-Bill ETFs and money market mutual funds with the Commodity Broker as margin, to the extent permissible under CFTC rules. The combination of the Fund s deposits with its Commodity Broker of cash and United States Treasury Obligations and the unrealized profit or loss on open futures contracts represents the Fund s overall equity in its broker trading account. To meet the Fund s maintenance margin requirements, the Fund holds United States Treasury Obligations with the Commodity Broker. The Fund transfers cash to the Commodity Broker to satisfy variation margin requirements. The Fund earns interest on any excess cash deposited with the Commodity Broker and incurs interest expense on any deficit balance with the Commodity Broker. The Fund may deposit T-Bill ETFs and money market mutual funds with the Commodity Broker as margin, to the extent permissible under CFTC rules. 
 The brokerage agreement with the Commodity Broker provides for the net settlement of all financial instruments covered by the agreement in the event of default or termination of any one contract. The Managing Owner will utilize any excess cash held at the Commodity Broker to offset any realized losses incurred in the currency futures contracts, if available. To the extent that any excess cash held at the Commodity Broker is not adequate to cover any realized losses, a portion of the United States Treasury Obligations and T-Bill ETFs, if any, on deposit with the Commodity Broker will be sold to make additional cash available. For financial reporting purposes, the Fund offsets financial assets and financial liabilities that are subject to legally enforceable netting arrangements. 
 49 

Exchange-Traded Fund 

Money Market Mutual Fund 

Total Investments in Securities 

Other Investments - Liabilities (a) 

Currency Futures Contracts 

Total Investments 

(a) 
 
 Unrealized appreciation (depreciation). 

 The following is a summary of the tiered valuation input levels as of December 31, 2021: 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Investments in Securities 

United States Treasury Obligations 

Exchange-Traded Fund 

Money Market Mutual Fund 

Total Investments in Securities 

Other Investments - Liabilities (a) 

Currency Futures Contracts 

Total Investments 

(a) 
 
 Unrealized appreciation (depreciation). 

50 

(a) 
 
 Includes cumulative appreciation (depreciation) of currency futures contracts. Only the current day s variation margin receivable (payable) is reported in the December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Statements of Financial Condition. 

Net Change in Unrealized Gain (Loss) 

Total 

and a maximum remaining maturity of months at the time of rebalance and (iii) have a minimum amount outstanding of million. Because it is advised by the Managing Owner, the Invesco Treasury Collateral ETF is an affiliate of the Fund. 
 The Invesco Premier U.S. Government Money Portfolio, Invesco Government & Agency Portfolio and the Fund are advised by investment advisers under common control of Invesco Ltd., and therefore the Invesco Premier U.S. Government Money Portfolio and Invesco Government & Agency Portfolio are considered to be affiliated with the Fund. 

Investments in Affiliated 
 Money Market Funds: 

Invesco Government & 
 Agency Portfolio, 
 Institutional Class 

Total 

51 

Investments in Affiliated 
 Money Market Funds: 

Invesco Government & 
 Agency Portfolio, 
 Institutional Class 

Total 

(a) 

(a) 
 
 of capital gains distributions from Invesco Treasury Collateral ETF. 

Investments in Affiliated 
 Money Market Funds: 

Invesco Government & 
 Agency Portfolio, 
 Institutional Class 

Invesco Premier U.S. 
 Government Money 
 Portfolio, Institutional Class 

Total 

(a) 

(a) 
 
 of capital gains distributions from Invesco Treasury Collateral ETF. 
 or more Creation Units. Each Creation Unit consists of a block of Shares. For purposes of processing both creation and redemption orders, a business day means any day other than a day when banks in New York City are required or permitted to be closed. Creation orders must be placed by 1:00 p.m., Eastern Time. The day on which the Transfer Agent receives a valid creation order is the creation order date. The day on which a creation order is settled is the creation order settlement date. Cash settlement occurs at the creation order settlement date. As provided below, the creation order settlement date may occur up to two business days after the creation order date. By placing a creation order, and prior to delivery of such Creation Units, an Authorized Participant s Depository Trust Company DTC account is charged the non-refundable transaction fee due for the creation order. 
 Unless otherwise agreed to by the Managing Owner and the Authorized Participant as provided in the next sentence, Creation Units are issued on the creation order settlement date as of 2:45 p.m., Eastern Time, on the business day immediately following the creation order date at the applicable NAV per Share as of the closing time of the NYSE Arca or the last to close of the exchanges on which its futures contracts are traded, whichever is later, on the creation order date, but only if the required payment has been timely received. Upon submission of a creation order, the Authorized Participant may request the Managing Owner to agree to a creation order settlement date up to two business days after the creation order date. 
 52 
 
 or more Creation Units. Redemption orders must be placed by 1:00 p.m., Eastern Time. The day on which the Managing Owner receives a valid redemption order is the redemption order date. The day on which a redemption order is settled is the redemption order settlement date. Cash settlement occurs at the redemption order settlement date. As provided below, the redemption order settlement date may occur up to two business days after the redemption order date. The redemption procedures allow Authorized Participants to redeem Creation Units. Individual Shareholders may not redeem directly from the Fund. Instead, individual Shareholders may only redeem Shares in integral multiples of and only through an Authorized Participant. 
 Unless otherwise agreed to by the Managing Owner and the Authorized Participant as provided in the next sentence, by placing a redemption order, an Authorized Participant agrees to deliver the Creation Units to be redeemed through DTC s book-entry system to the Fund no later than the redemption order settlement date as of 2:45 p.m., Eastern Time, on the business day immediately following the redemption order date. Upon submission of a redemption order, the Authorized Participant may request the Managing Owner to agree to a redemption order settlement date up to two business days after the redemption order date. By placing a redemption order, and prior to receipt of the redemption proceeds, an Authorized Participant s DTC account is charged the non-refundable transaction fee due for the redemption order. 
 The redemption proceeds from the Fund consist of the cash redemption amount. The cash redemption amount is equal to the NAV of the number of Creation Unit(s) requested in the Authorized Participant s redemption order as of the closing time of the NYSE Arca or the last to close of the exchanges on which the Fund s futures contracts are traded, whichever is later, on the redemption order date. The Managing Owner will distribute the cash redemption amount at the redemption order settlement date as of 2:45 p.m., Eastern Time, on the redemption order settlement date through DTC to the account of the Authorized Participant as recorded on DTC s book-entry system. 
 The redemption proceeds due from the Fund are delivered to the Authorized Participant at 2:45 p.m., Eastern Time, on the redemption order settlement date if, by such time, the Fund s DTC account has been credited with the Creation Units to be redeemed. If the Fund s DTC account has not been credited with all of the Creation Units to be redeemed by such time, the redemption distribution is delivered to the extent of whole Creation Units received. Any remainder of the redemption distribution is delivered on the next business day to the extent of remaining whole Creation Units received if the Transfer Agent receives the fee applicable to the extension of the redemption distribution date which the Managing Owner may, from time-to-time, determine and the remaining Creation Units to be redeemed are credited to the Fund s DTC account by 2:45 p.m., Eastern Time, on such next business day. Any further outstanding amount of the redemption order will be cancelled. The Managing Owner is also authorized to deliver the redemption distribution notwithstanding that the Creation Units to be redeemed are not credited to the Fund s DTC account by 2:45 p.m., Eastern Time, on the redemption order settlement date if the Authorized Participant has collateralized its obligation to deliver the Creation Units through DTC s book-entry system on such terms as the Managing Owner may determine from time-to-time. 

53 

Net realized and change in unrealized gain (loss) on 
 United States Treasury Obligations, Affiliated 
 Investments and Currency Futures Contracts (a) 

Net investment income (loss) (b) 

Net income (loss) 

Less: 

Return of capital distributions 

Net asset value per Share, end of period 

Market value per Share, beginning of period (c) 

Market value per Share, end of period (c) 

Ratio to average Net Assets 

Net investment income (loss) 

Expenses, after waivers 

Expenses, prior to waivers 

Total Return, at net asset value (d) 

Total Return, at market value (d) 

(a) Net realized and change in unrealized gain (loss) on United States Treasury Obligations, Affiliated Investments and Currency Futures Contracts per share may not correlate with the Fund's net realized and unrealized gain (loss) due to timing of shareholder transactions in relation to the fluctuating market values of the Fund's investments. 

b 
 
 Based on average shares outstanding. 

c 
 
 The mean between the last bid and ask prices. 

d 
 
 Total Return, at NAV is calculated assuming an initial investment made at the NAV at the beginning of the period, reinvestment of all dividends and distributions at NAV during the period, and redemption of Shares at NAV on the last day of the period. Total Return, at NAV includes adjustments in accordance with U.S. GAAP and as such, the NAV for financial reporting purposes and the returns based upon those NAVs may differ from the NAVs and returns for shareholder transactions. Total Return, at market value is calculated assuming an initial investment made at the market value at the beginning of the period, reinvestment of all dividends and distributions at market value during the period, and redemption of Shares at the market value on the last day of the period. Not annualized for periods less than one year, if applicable. 

54 

ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 None. 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 For purposes of this Item 9A, all references to the Fund shall be read to specifically include the Fund and the Trust. Please note that the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting of the Trust are the aggregate disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting of the Fund and that of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bearish Fund, each a series of the Trust. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of the management of the Managing Owner, including Anna Paglia, its Principal Executive Officer, and Kelli Gallegos, its Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools, the Fund carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, and, based upon that evaluation, Anna Paglia, the Principal Executive Officer of the Managing Owner, and Kelli Gallegos, the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools, of the Managing Owner, concluded that the Fund s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information the Fund is required to disclose in the reports that it files or submits with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Fund in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management of the Managing Owner, including its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the Fund s quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Fund s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Managing Owner is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined under Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act, for the Fund. Anna Paglia, the Principal Executive Officer of the Managing Owner, and Kelli Gallegos, the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools, of the Managing Owner, assessed the effectiveness of the Fund s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Their report in connection with their assessment may be found in the Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting on page 34 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The Fund s independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has audited the Fund s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in their report on page 35 of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

 None. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 55 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 Board of Directors and Principal Officers 
 The Fund has no directors or principal officers and also does not have any employees. It is managed by the Managing Owner. 
 A person is a principal of a CFTC registrant based on the person s role or position with a registrant, ability to control a registrant s business activities or ownership or financial stake in a registrant. As of December 31, 2022, the following principals serve in the below capacities on behalf of the Managing Owner and, unless otherwise indicated, are not executive officers of the Fund: 

Name 

Capacity 

Anna Paglia 1 

Chief Executive Officer, Board of Managers 

Peter Hubbard 

Vice President and Director of Portfolio Management 

Jordan Krugman 1 

Board of Managers 

Terry Gibson Vacheron 

Chief Financial Officer 

Kelli Gallegos 1 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools 

Melanie Zimdars 

Chief Compliance Officer 

John Zerr 1 

Board of Managers 

Brian Hartigan 

Global Head of ETF Investments 

1. Executive officer, within the meaning of Rule 3b-7 under the Exchange Act, of the Fund. 
 Invesco Group Services Inc. is also a principal of the Managing Owner. 
 The Managing Owner is managed by a Board of Managers. The Board of Managers is composed of Ms. Paglia and Messrs. Krugman and Zerr. 
 The Board of Managers has established an Audit Committee with the following members: Ms. Paglia and Messrs. Krugman and Zerr. The overall purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Managers with overseeing the Fund s financial statements, the Fund s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the qualifications and independence of the Fund s independent registered public accounting firm (the independent auditor ), the performance of the internal audit function for the Fund, and the performance of the independent auditor. 
 The Managing Owner has designated Mr. Hubbard as the trading principal of the Fund. 
 Anna Paglia (48) has been Chief Executive Officer of the Managing Owner since June 2020. In this role, she has general oversight responsibilities for all of the Managing Owner s business. Ms. Paglia has been a Member of the Board of Managers of the Managing Owner since June 2020. Additionally, Ms. Paglia is a Managing Director and Global Head of ETFs and Indexed Strategies of Invesco Ltd., a position in which she first began serving in June 2020. In these roles she is responsible for the management of the Managing Owner s exchange traded fund business with direct functional reporting responsibilities for the Managing Owner s portfolio management, products, marketing and capital markets teams. In such capacity, Ms. Paglia also is responsible for managing the operations of the Invesco Funds. Previously, Ms. Paglia was Head of Legal, US ETFs at Invesco, beginning in September 2010. In that role, she was responsible for the registration and listing of ETFs, as well as providing support to the US ETF Board, serving as a global ETF expert and resource to the US ETF Board and personnel of the Managing Owner and providing day-to-day support to the Managing Owner. In addition, she was a team leader for, and provided legal support to, Invesco s unit investment trusts. Ms. Paglia earned a JD from L.U.I.S.S. Law School in Rome, a law school certificate from Kingston University School of Law in London and a master s degree from Northwestern University School of Law in Chicago. She is admitted to practice law in Illinois and New York. Ms. Paglia was listed as a principal of the Managing Owner on June 11, 2020. 
 Peter Hubbard (42) joined the Managing Owner in May 2005 as a portfolio manager and has been Vice President, Director of Portfolio Management since September 2012. In his role, Mr. Hubbard manages a team of eight portfolio managers. His responsibilities include facilitating all portfolio management processes associated with more than 200 equity and fixed income Invesco Funds listed in the United States, Canada and Europe. He is a graduate of Wheaton College with a B.A. degree in Business & Economics. Mr. Hubbard was listed as a principal and registered as an associated person of the Managing Owner on November 15, 2012 and January 1, 2013, respectively. Mr. Hubbard was registered as a swap associated person of the Managing Owner effective as of September 8, 2015. 
 Jordan Krugman (45) is Chief Financial Officer of the Americas for Invesco Ltd., a global investment management company affiliated with the Managing Owner. He was appointed to this position in October 2020. In this capacity, Mr. Krugman is responsible for general management support, in addition to executing on various strategic initiatives and overseeing the financial framework for the business units operating within the Americas division of Invesco Ltd. He has also served as a Member of the Board of Managers of the Managing Owner since October 2020. From March 2019 to October 2020, Mr. Krugman served as the Global Head of Financial 
 56 

Planning and Analysis at Invesco Ltd. In this role, he was responsible for overseeing Invesco's forecasting, budgeting strategic planning and financial target setting processes, including analytics and decision support for Invesco Ltd's executive team. From March 2017 to March 2019, Mr. Krugman served as Invesco Ltd.'s Head of Finance & Corporate Strategy, North America. In this role, Mr. Krugman was responsible for strategic and financial planning for Invesco Ltd.'s global investments organization including global real estate, private equity and global fixed income. Prior to that, Mr. Krugman was Invesco Ltd.'s Treasurer and Head of Investor Relations from May 2011 to March 2017. In this role, he was responsible for management of Invesco Ltd.'s liquidity and capital management programs. Additionally, Mr. Krugman managed the communication with Invesco Ltd.'s external stakeholders including equity shareholders, debt investors, rating agencies, and research analysts. Mr. Krugman earned a BA degree in American civilizations, with a US history concentration, from Middlebury College in Vermont in 1999, and earned an MBA from Santa Clara University in California in 2007. He is a Certified Treasury Professional (CTP). Mr. Krugman was listed as a principal of the Managing Owner on November 12, 2020. 
 Terry Vacheron CPA (58) is the Chief Accounting Officer (since April 2022) and Head of Global Tax (since November 2020) at Invesco Ltd. In this role, she leads the company s financial reporting, accounting, corporate tax, payroll, and SOX functions. Ms. Vacheron also serves as the Chief Financial Officer (since June 2022) of the Managing Owner and Invesco Advisers Inc. where she is responsible for overseeing all aspect of the companies financial operations, including financial reporting and accounting. Ms. Vacheron joined Invesco in November 2020 following a brief break while between roles in October 2020. Prior to joining the firm, she was with SunTrust Bank (and later Truist Bank, which was formed in 2019 following the merger of BB&T and SunTrust) from October 2009 until September 2020, where she served as the Chief Tax Officer. Ms. Vacheron directed the full spectrum of corporate tax matters and led the tax merger integration effort for the BBT and SunTrust merger. In an overlapping role as the Corporate Functions Risk Officer at SunTrust Bank from March 2013 to December 2019, she built and led multiple corporate risk programs to identify and manage risk while maintaining her Chief Tax Officer responsibilities. During her tenure, she oversaw the implementation of stronger guidelines and accountability for risk programs, including SOX, third-party risk management, and operational risk oversight. Ms. Vacheron earned a BS degree in accounting from the University of Tennessee. She is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA). Ms. Vacheron served on the board of the United Way of Greater Atlanta from 2013 to 2020. She served as a member of the United Way s Community Engagement Council and is currently on the United Way s Finance Committee. Ms. Vacheron was listed as a principal of the Managing Owner and Invesco Advisers Inc., a registered investment adviser affiliated with the Managing Owner, on June 29, 2022. 
 Kelli Gallegos (52) has been Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Investment Pools for the Managing Owner since September 2018. Additionally, since September 2018, Ms. Gallegos has been Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Investment Pools of Invesco Specialized Products, LLC (sponsor to a suite of currency exchange-traded funds, ISP ), Head of North America Fund Reporting of Invesco, Ltd. Invesco , a global investment management company), and Vice President and Treasurer of Invesco Exchange Traded Fund Trust, Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II, Invesco India Exchange-Traded Fund Trust, Invesco Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust, Invesco Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Commodity Fund Trust, and Invesco Exchange-Traded Self-Indexed Fund Trusts (each a registered investment company offering series of exchange-traded funds, the Invesco ETFs ). She also serves as Vice President (since March 2016), Principal Financial Officer (since March 2016) and Assistant Treasurer (since December 2008) for a suite of mutual funds advised by Invesco Advisers, Inc., a registered investment adviser (the Invesco Funds ). In her roles with the Managing Owner, ISP, Invesco, the Invesco ETFs and the Invesco Funds, Ms. Gallegos has financial and administrative oversight responsibilities for, and serves as Principal Financial Officer of the Invesco ETFs, the Trust, the Funds and the exchange-traded funds for which ISP serves as sponsor (the CurrencyShares Trusts ). Previously, she was Director of Fund Financial Services from December 2008 to September 2018, Assistant Treasurer for the Managing Owner from January 2013 to September 2018, Assistant Treasurer of ISP from April 2018 to September 2018, Assistant Treasurer for the Invesco ETFs from September 2014 to September 2018 and Assistant Vice President for the Invesco Funds from December 2008 to March 2016. In such roles, Ms. Gallegos managed the group of personnel responsible for the preparation of fund financial statements and other information necessary for shareholder reports, fund prospectuses, regulatory filings, and for the coordination and oversight of third-party service providers of the Fund, the Invesco ETFs, the Invesco Funds, and the CurrencyShares Trusts. Ms. Gallegos earned a BBA in accounting from Harding University in Searcy, AR. Ms. Gallegos was listed as a principal of the Managing Owner on September 25, 2018. 
 Melanie H. Zimdars (46) has been Chief Compliance Officer of the Managing Owner since November 2017. In this role she is responsible for all aspects of regulatory compliance for the Managing Owner. Ms. Zimdars has also served as Chief Compliance Officer of Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust, Invesco Exchange-Traded Fund Trust II, Invesco India Exchange-Traded Fund Trust, Invesco Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Fund Trust and Invesco Actively Managed Exchange-Traded Commodity Fund Trust since November 2017. From September 2009 to October 2017, she served as Vice President and Deputy Chief Compliance Officer at ALPS Holdings, Inc. where she was Chief Compliance Officer for six different mutual fund complexes, including active and passive ETFs and open-end and closed-end funds. Through its subsidiary companies, ALPS Holdings, Inc. is a provider of investment products and customized servicing solutions to the financial services industry. Ms. Zimdars received a BS degree from the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse. Ms. Zimdars was listed as a principal of the Managing Owner on February 1, 2018. 
 57 

John Zerr (60) has been a Member of the Board of Managers of the Managing Owner since September 2006. Mr. Zerr has also served as Chief Operating Officer of the Americas for Invesco Ltd. since February 2018. Prior to his current position, Mr. Zerr served as Managing Director and General Counsel U.S. Retail of Invesco Management Group, Inc., a registered investment adviser affiliated with the Managing Owner, from March 2006 until February 2018, where he was responsible for overseeing the U.S. Retail Legal Department for Invesco Ltd. and its affiliated companies. Mr. Zerr has also been a Senior Vice President of IDI since March 2006. He also served as a Director of that entity until February 2010. Mr. Zerr has served as Senior Vice President of Invesco Advisers, Inc., a registered investment adviser affiliated with the Managing Owner, since December 2009. Mr. Zerr serves as a Director and Vice President of Invesco Investment Services, Inc., a registered transfer agency since May 2007. Mr. Zerr has served as Director, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of a number of other Invesco Ltd. wholly-owned subsidiaries which service or serviced portions of Invesco Ltd. s U.S. Retail business since May 2007 and since June 2010 with respect to certain Van Kampen entities engaged in the asset management business that were acquired by Invesco Ltd. from Morgan Stanley. In each of the foregoing positions Mr. Zerr is responsible for overseeing legal operations. In such capacity, Mr. Zerr also is responsible for overseeing the legal activities of the Invesco Funds. Mr. Zerr earned a BA degree in economics from Ursinus College. He graduated cum laude with a J.D. from Temple University School of Law. Mr. Zerr was listed as a principal of the Managing Owner on December 6, 2012. 
 Brian Hartigan (44) joined the Managing Owner in May 2015 as Global Head of ETF Investments. In his role, Mr. Hartigan manages the portfolio management function at the Managing Owner, with the Director of Portfolio Management reporting to him. Previously from June 2010 until May of 2015, Mr. Hartigan was the Head of Portfolio Management and Research for Invesco Capital Markets, Inc., the sponsor of unit investment trusts. In that role, he oversaw portfolio management of Invesco unit trusts. He earned his B.A. from the University of St. Thomas in Minnesota and an MBA in finance from DePaul University. He is a CFA charterholder and a member of the CFA Society of Chicago. Mr. Hartigan was listed as a principal and registered as an associated person of the Managing Owner on February 21, 2018 and May 29, 2018, respectively. 
 Invesco Group Services Inc., which is a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of Invesco Ltd., has been a principal of the Managing Owner since September 27, 2018 and has periodically been listed with NFA as a principal of other NFA members since May 17, 1990. 
 Code of Ethics 
 The Fund has no officers or employees and is managed by Invesco Capital Management LLC. Invesco Capital Management LLC has adopted a code of ethics which applies to all of its employees and is available on request, free of charge, by calling 1-800-983-0903 Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Central Time. 

ITEM 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 The Fund has no employees, officers or directors. The Managing Owner receives a monthly Management Fee of 1/12th of 0.75 per annum of the daily NAV of the Fund at the end of each month. 
 In addition, since November 29, 2016, all payment accruals and commissions have been paid to the Commodity Broker. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Fund incurred Management Fees of 11,622,714 of which 10,496,945 had been paid at December 31, 2022. Management Fees of 1,125,769 were unpaid at December 31, 2022 and are reported as a liability on the Statements of Financial Condition. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Fund incurred brokerage commissions of 352,205 of which 348,550 had been paid at December 31, 2022. Brokerage commissions of 3,655 were unpaid at December 31, 2022 and are reported as a liability on the Statements of Financial Condition. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Fund incurred Management Fees of 3,312,762 of which 2,936,658 had been paid at December 31, 2021. Management Fees of 376,104 were unpaid at December 31, 2021 and are reported as a liability on the Statements of Financial Condition. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Fund incurred brokerage commissions of 112,892 of which 108,860 had been paid at December 31, 2021. Brokerage commissions of 4,032 were unpaid at December 31, 2021 and are reported as a liability on the Statements of Financial Condition. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Fund incurred Management Fees of 3,868,226 of which 3,663,275 had been paid at December 31, 2020. Management Fees of 204,951 were unpaid at December 31, 2020 and are reported as a liability on the Statements of Financial Condition. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Fund incurred brokerage commissions of 151,671 of which 146,812 had been paid at December 31, 2020. Brokerage commissions of 4,859 were unpaid at December 31, 2020 and are reported as a liability on the Statements of Financial Condition. 
 
 58 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The Fund has no officers or directors. The following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of the Fund s General Shares and Shares as of January 31, 2023, as known by management. No person is known by the Managing Owner to own beneficially more than 5 of the outstanding Shares of such class. 

Title of Class 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 

Amount and Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership 

Percent 
 of Class 

General Shares 

Invesco Capital Management LLC 
 3500 Lacey Road, Suite 700 
 Downers Grove, Illinois 60515 

40 

100 

Shares 

Directors and Officers of Invesco Capital 
 Management LLC as a group 

Less than 0.1 

The Fund has no securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. 

ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 See Item 11 

ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

 Audit and Non-Audit Fees 
 The following table sets forth the fees for professional services rendered by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the Fund s independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Audit Fees 

81,410 

78,660 

Audit-Related Fees (1) 

7,500 

Tax Fees (2) 

306,957 

517,659 

All Other Fees 

Total 

388,367 

603,819 

(1) Audit-Related Fees for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 include fees billed for reviewing regulatory filings. 
 (2) Tax Fees for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include fees billed for preparing tax forms. 
 Approval of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Services and Fees 
 The Managing Owner approved all of the services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the Fund described above. The Managing Owner pre-approved all audit and allowed non-audit services of the Fund s independent registered public accounting firm, including all engagement fees and terms. 
 
 59 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 See financial statements commencing on page 33 hereof. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 No financial statement schedules are filed herewith because (i) such schedules are not required or (ii) the information required has been presented in the aforementioned financial statements. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 The following documents (unless otherwise indicated) are filed herewith and made a part of this Annual Report: 

EXHIBIT NO. 

DESCRIPTION 

4.1 

Fifth Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust and Trust Agreement of the Registrant 1 

4.1.1 

Amendment No. 1 to Fifth Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust and Trust Agreement of the Registrant 2 

4.1.2 

Amendment No. 2 to Fifth Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust and Trust Agreement of the Registrant 3 

4.2 

Form of Participant Agreement 4 

4.2.1 

Amendment to Form of Participant Agreement 4 

4.3 

Description of Common Units of Beneficial Interest 5 

10.1 

Form of Administration Agreement 6 

10.2 

Form of Global Custody Agreement 6 

10.3 

Form of Transfer Agency and Service Agreement 7 

10.4 

Distribution Services Agreement 8 

23.1 

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (filed herewith) 

31.1 

Certification required under Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 (filed herewith) 

31.2 

Certification required under Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 (filed herewith) 

31.3 

Certification required under Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 (filed herewith) 

31.4 

Certification required under Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 (filed herewith) 

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 

32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 

32.3 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 

32.4 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 

60 

EXHIBIT NO. 

DESCRIPTION 

101 

101.INS 

101.SCH 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 104 

Interactive data file pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Statements of Financial Condition of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (ii) the Schedule of Investments of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund December 31, 2022, (iii) the Schedule of Investments of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund December 31, 2021, (iv) the Statements of Income and Expenses of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (v) the Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund year ended December 31, 2022, (vi) the Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund year ended December 31, 2021, (vii) the Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund year ended December 31, 2020, (viii) the Statements of Cash Flows of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and (ix) Notes to Financial Statements of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund. 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 The cover page of the Fund's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline 
 XBRL 

1 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to Form 8-K on February 25, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. 

2 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to Form 8-K on June 20, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to Form 8-K on June 4, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to Form 10-Q on November 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

5 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to Form 10-K on February 28, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

6 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to Form 8-K on October 1, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

7 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 on October 16, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 8 Previously filed as an exhibit to Form 8-K on May 19, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 61 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Invesco DB US Dollar Index Trust on its own behalf and 
 with respect to Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund 

By: 

Invesco Capital Management LLC, 

its Managing Owner 

Dated: February 23, 2023 

By: 

/ S / A NNA P AGLIA 

Name: 

Anna Paglia 

Title: 

Principal Executive Officer 

Dated: February 23, 2023 

By: 

/ S / K ELLI G ALLEGOS 

Name: 

Kelli Gallegos 

Title: 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on 
 behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Capacity 

Date 

/s/ J ORDAN K RUGMAN 
 
 Jordan Krugman 
 
 Manager 
 
 February 23, 2023 

/s/ J OHN Z ERR 
 
 John Zerr 
 
 Manager 
 
 February 23, 2023 

The registrant is a trust and the persons are signing in their capacities as officers or directors of Invesco Capital Management LLC, the Managing Owner of the registrant. 

62 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 uup-ex231_7.htm
 EX-23.1

uup-ex231_7.htm

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-257258 of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Trust of our report dated February 23, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund s Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Chicago, Illinois February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 uup-ex311_6.htm
 EX-31.1

uup-ex311_6.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Anna Paglia, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund, a series of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Trust; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 23, 2023 

/s/ Anna Paglia 

Anna Paglia 

Principal Executive Officer of Invesco Capital Management, LLC, the Managing Owner 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 uup-ex312_10.htm
 EX-31.2

uup-ex312_10.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Kelli Gallegos, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund, a series of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Trust; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 23, 2023 

/s/ Kelli Gallegos 

Kelli Gallegos 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools, of Invesco Capital Management, LLC, the Managing Owner 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 5
 uup-ex313_14.htm
 EX-31.3

uup-ex313_14.htm

Exhibit 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Anna Paglia, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Trust; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 23, 2023 

/s/ Anna Paglia 

Anna Paglia 

Principal Executive Officer of Invesco Capital Management, LLC, the Managing Owner 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 6
 uup-ex314_11.htm
 EX-31.4

uup-ex314_11.htm

Exhibit 31.4 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Kelli Gallegos, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Trust; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 23, 2023 

/s/ Kelli Gallegos 

Kelli Gallegos 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools, of Invesco Capital Management, LLC, the Managing Owner 

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 uup-ex321_12.htm
 EX-32.1

uup-ex321_12.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The undersigned, Anna Paglia, Principal Executive Officer of Invesco Capital Management LLC, the Managing Owner of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund (the Fund ), a series of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Trust, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Fund s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Fund; and 

(3) 
 
 This certification accompanies the report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of such report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

/s/ Anna Paglia 

Anna Paglia 

Dated: February 23, 2023 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 uup-ex322_8.htm
 EX-32.2

uup-ex322_8.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The undersigned, Kelli Gallegos, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools of Invesco Capital Management LLC, the Managing Owner of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund (the Fund ), a series of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Trust, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Fund s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Fund; and 

(3) 
 
 This certification accompanies the report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of such report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

/s/ Kelli Gallegos 

Kelli Gallegos 

Dated: February 23, 2023 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 9
 uup-ex323_9.htm
 EX-32.3

uup-ex323_9.htm

Exhibit 32.3 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The undersigned, Anna Paglia, Principal Executive Officer of Invesco Capital Management LLC, the Managing Owner of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Trust (the Trust ), hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Trust; and 

(3) 
 
 This certification accompanies the report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of such report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

/s/ Anna Paglia 

Anna Paglia 

Dated: February 23, 2023 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-32.4>
 10
 uup-ex324_13.htm
 EX-32.4

uup-ex324_13.htm

Exhibit 32.4 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The undersigned, Kelli Gallegos, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools of Invesco Capital Management LLC, the Managing Owner of Invesco DB US Dollar Index Trust (the Trust ), hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Annual Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Trust; and 

(3) 
 
 This certification accompanies the report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of such report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

/s/ Kelli Gallegos 

Kelli Gallegos 

Dated: February 23, 2023 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, Investment Pools 

</EX-32.4>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 uup-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 uup-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 uup-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 uup-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 uup-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

