<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1867287_0001213900-23-024833.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3764391</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>217927</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>762323</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>800806</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>963386</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>937345</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024833.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330192914
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024833
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lakeshore Acquisition II Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001867287
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41317
		FILM NUMBER:		23782352

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE A-2F, 555 SHIHUI ROAD
		STREET 2:		SONGJIANG DISTRICT
		CITY:			SHANGHAI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			2001100
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 13816100700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE A-2F, 555 SHIHUI ROAD
		STREET 2:		SONGJIANG DISTRICT
		CITY:			SHANGHAI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			2001100

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024833.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_lakeshoreacq2.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the year ended , 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 
 
 (Former
 name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered THE STOCK MARKET LLC Warrants LBBBW THE NASDAQ STOCK MARKET LLC Rights LBBBR THE NASDAQ STOCK MARKET LLC Units LBBBU THE NASDAQ STOCK MARKET LLC 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 (b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022,
the aggregate market value of the Registrant s ordinary shares held by non-affiliates was , computed on the basis of
the closing sale price of the Registrant s ordinary shares on that date. 

As of March 30, 2023
there were shares of ordinary shares, par value 0.0001, issued and outstanding. 

Documents incorporated by reference: none 

LAKESHORE
ACQUISITION II CORP. 

Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 6 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 6 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 6 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 6 

PART II 
 
 7 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 7 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 7 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 8 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 12 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 12 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 12 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 12 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 12 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 12 

PART III 
 
 13 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 13 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 19 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 20 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 22 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 24 

PART IV 
 
 25 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 25 

i 

Unless
otherwise stated in this report on Form 10-K: 

references
 to we , us , our or the Company are
 to Lakeshore Acquisition II Corp., except where the context requires otherwise; 

references
 to IPO are to the initial public offering of 6,900,000 units of our Company
 consummated on March 11, 2022, including the full exercise of the underwriter s
 over-allotment option. 

references
 to founder shares are to the 1,725,000 ordinary shares issued to the initial
 shareholders (as defined below) prior to the IPO; 

references
 to our initial shareholders are to our sponsor and any other holders of founder
 shares, including our officers and directors; 

references
 to ordinary shares are to our ordinary shares, par value of US 0.0001 per share; 

references
 to our public shares are to ordinary shares which were sold as part of the
 units in our IPO (whether they were purchased in the IPO or thereafter in the open market)
 and references to public shareholders refer to the holders of our public shares,
 including our initial shareholders to the extent our initial shareholders purchase public
 shares, provided that their status as public shareholders shall exist only
 with respect to such public shares; 

references
 to our rights and warrants are to the public rights and warrants
 that were sold as part of the public units in our IPO (whether they were purchased in the
 offering or thereafter in the open market), as well as the private rights and warrants that
 were sold as part of the private units in the private placement in connection with the IPO,
 and any rights and warrants included in private units that may will be issued upon conversion
 of working capital loans. 

references
 to our management or our management team are to our officers
 and directors; and 

references
 to our sponsor are to RedOne Investment Limited, a BVI business company
 affiliated with our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

The
statements contained in this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding
the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances,
including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, 
 possible, potential, predicts, project, should, would 
and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not
forward-looking. Forward-looking statements may include, for example, statements about: 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of the prospective target business; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result
 of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

ii 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

the
 potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the
 potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

our
 expectations regarding the time during which we will be an emerging growth company 
 under the JOBS Act; 

our
 expectations regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business of searching for
 an appropriate target company and completing our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations regarding the impact of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 on us in the events
 of either completing our initial business combination or a liquidation; 

our
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on
 the trust account balance; or 

our
 financial performance following our IPO or following our initial business combination. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws. 

By
their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that
may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that
our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ
materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. In addition, even if our results
or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking
statements contained in this report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

iii 

PART I 

Item 1.
Business 

Introduction 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company formed on February 19, 2021 for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses. Our efforts
to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to any particular industry or geographic region except that according to
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we will not effectuate our initial business combination with a company
that is headquartered in the People s Republic of China China ), the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China Hong Kong or the Macau Special Administrative Region of China Macau or conducts a majority of its operations
in China, Hong Kong or Macau. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of the IPO in effecting our initial business combination. 

On
March 11, 2022, we consummated an IPO of 6,900,000 units, which includes the full exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriter
in the IPO, at 10.00 per unit (the Public Units ), generating total gross proceeds of 69,000,000. Each unit consists of
one ordinary share, one-half of one redeemable warrant and one right. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one
ordinary share for 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustment. Each right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth of one ordinary
share upon consummation of our initial business combination. 

Simultaneously
with the IPO, we sold to our sponsor 351,500 units at 10.00 per unit (the Private Units in a private placement, generating
total gross proceeds of 3,515,000. The Private Units are identical to the units sold in the IPO, as each private unit consists of one
share of ordinary shares, one right to receive one tenth of a share of ordinary shares automatically upon the consummation of our initial
business combination, and one-half of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary
share for 11.50 per share. 

Upon
the consummation of the IPO and the underwriter s full exercise of the over-allotment option, and associated private placement,
 70,035,000 of cash was placed in the trust account (the Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company acting as trustee. This amount equals 6,900,000 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption multiplied by redemption value
of 10.15 per share. None of the funds held in trust will be released from the Trust Account, other than interest income to pay any tax
obligations, until the earlier of (i) the consummation of our initial business combination and (ii) our failure to consummate
a business combination. 

On March 9, 2023, we held an Extraordinary General Meeting (the General
Meeting of shareholders. In the General Meeting, shareholders approved to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association (the Charter Amendment ), and to extend the time for us to complete a business combination for an additional
three (3) months, from March 11, 2023 to June 11, 2023 (the Extension ). The amended Charter Amendment was filed with the
Registrar of companies in the Cayman Islands on March 10, 2023 and was effective on that date. In connection with the approval of the
Extension, we deposited into the Trust Account 250,000 in accordance with the terms of the Charter Amendment. In connection with the
General Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem a total of 2,767,411 ordinary shares. An aggregate payment of 28,707,673 was distributed from the Company s Trust Account because of this redemption. 

If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by the required
period of time, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, redeem the public shares
for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account and as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject to our obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such event, warrants, rights and the
Private Units will be worthless. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote
on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our
securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities
may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards.
In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards
would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years. However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a
three year period or revenues exceeds 1.07 billion, or the market value of our shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700
million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as
of the following fiscal year. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies
may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited
financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market
value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual
revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior [June 30]. 

1 

Signing of the Merger Agreement 

On
September 9, 2022, we entered into a merger agreement (the Merger Agreement with certain parties aiming to acquire 100 
of the equity securities of Nature s Miracle, Inc. Nature s Miracle ). These
parties include (i) us (together with our successor, including after the Reincorporation (as defined below ), the Purchaser ),
(ii) LBBB Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Purchaser (the Merger Sub ), (iii) Nature s
Miracle, (iv) Tie (James) Li, acting as the representative of the stockholders of Nature s Miracle, and (v) our sponsor, acting
as the representative of the stockholders of Purchaser. 

Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, immediately prior to the proposed business combination, we will reincorporate into the State of Delaware so
as to re-domicile as and become a Delaware corporation by means of merging with and into a newly formed Delaware corporation (the Reincorporation ),
with us together with our successor (LBBB Merger Corp., a Delaware corporation) being the Purchaser of the proposed business combination. 

Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, Nature s Miracle will merge with LBBB Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary
of Purchaser, with Nature s Miracle surviving and the Purchaser acquiring 100 of the equity securities of Nature s Miracle.
In exchange for their equity securities, the stockholders of Nature s Miracle will receive an aggregate number of shares of common
stock of the Purchaser (the Merger Consideration with an aggregate value equal to: (a) two hundred thirty million U.S.
dollars 230,000,000), minus (b) any Closing Net Indebtedness (as defined in the Merger Agreement). Under the Merger Agreement, the
aggregate number of shares of common stock of the Purchaser that will be received by the stockholders of Natures Miracle equals to the
aggregate value divided by 10.00. 

The
Merger Consideration otherwise payable to Nature s Miracle stockholders is subject to the withholding of a number of shares of
common stock of Purchaser equal to three percent (3.0 of the Merger Consideration to be placed in escrow for post-closing adjustments
(if any) to the Merger Consideration, in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement following the closing of the proposed business
combination. 

The
parties agreed that immediately following the closing of the proposed business combination, Purchaser s board of directors will
consist of seven (7) individuals, with the identity of six of those individuals and allocation of all individuals among the staggered
tiers of the post-business combination company s board of directors (and the appointment of such persons to committees of the board)
to be determined by Nature s Miracle s current board of directors, and the remaining individual to be appointed by our sponsor,
subject to Nature s Miracle s approval (which approval will not be unreasonably withheld). 

Status
of Filing of Form S-4 (or S-4/A) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC 

On
November 14, 2022, LBBB Merger Corp., the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, filed a Form S-4 containing the registration statement
with respect to the proposed business combination with Nature's Miracle. 

On
December 28, 2022, LBBB Merger Corp. filed a Form S-4/A containing amendment No. 1 to the registration statement to address comments
LBBB Merger Corp. received from the SEC on December 14, 2022, regarding the registration statement. 

On
January 20, 2023, LBBB Merger Corp. filed a Form S-4/A containing amendment No. 2 to the registration statement to address comments LBBB
Merger Corp. received from the SEC on January 12, 2023. 

Recent Developments 

On February 10, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 100,000 to RedOne Investment Limited, the Company s sponsor. The principal
shall be payable promptly on the earlier date on which either the Company consummates an initial business combination or has received
financing from other parties with no interest accrued, and the amount of 100,000 does not have the conversion feature of converting into
additional Private Units, based on the description of the promissory note. 

On March 9, 2023, we held an Extraordinary
General Meeting (the General Meeting of shareholders. In the General Meeting, shareholders approved to amend our
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Charter Amendment ), and to extend the time for us to
complete a business combination for an additional three (3) months, from March 11, 2023 to June 11, 2023 (the
 Extension ). The amended Charter Amendment was filed with the Registrar of companies in the Cayman Islands on March 10,
2023 and was effective on that date. In connection with the approval of the Extension, we deposited into the Trust Account 250,000
in accordance with the terms of the Charter Amendment. In connection with the General Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem a
total of 2,767,411 ordinary shares. An aggregate payment of 28,707,673 was distributed from the Company s Trust Account
because of this redemption. 

On March 10, 2023, we entered into a loan agreement
as the borrower with a third party lender, our sponsor and Nature s Miracle Inc. NMI as the guarantors. The principal
amount was 250,000 with no interest bearing and was repayable on or before June 11, 2023 (the Repayment Date ). We shall
cause to issue 25,000 bonus shares to the lender of the surviving company when completing the proposed business combination with NMI,
no later than the Repayment Date. 

On March 28, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note
in the aggregate principal amount of 100,000 to RedOne Investment Limited, the Company s sponsor. The principal shall be payable
promptly on the earlier date on which either the Company consummates an initial business combination or has received financing from other
parties with no interest accrued, and the amount of 100,000 does not have the conversion feature of converting into additional Private
Units, based on the description of the promissory note. 

2 

Competitive
Strengths 

Our
management team is well positioned to identify attractive risk-adjusted returns in the marketplace. We believe that Nature s Miracle
is an attractive target company and we will be able to close the proposed business combination within required period of time pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

Our management team is led by Mr. Deyin (Bill) Chen. We will seek
to capitalize on the significant contacts and experience of our management team, including Bill Chen, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, and H. David Sherman, Mingyu (Michael) Li and Jon M. Montgomery, each a member of our board of directors.
Bill Chen has a mixed background of engineering, finance, and operation management across industries and continents. He has established
a strong network of investment institutions and business connections. In January 2021, Deyin (Bill) Chen founded Lakeshore Acquisition
I Corp. LAAA ), a special purpose acquisition company incorporated for the purposes of effecting a business combination.
Mr. Chen serves as the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer of LAAA. LAAA completed its initial public offering in June 2021
and completed its initial business combination with ProSomnus Inc. (Nasdaq: OSA) in December 2022. H. David Sherman is a professor at
Northeastern University specializing in financial and management accounting, with experience serving on the board and as audit committee
chair for several public companies, including Dunxin Financial Holdings Ltd. (AMEX: DXF), Kingold Jewelry Inc. (NASDAQ: KGJI),
and China HGS Real Estate Inc. (NASDAQ: HGSH). Professor Sherman was an Academic Fellow at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
in the Division of Corporate Finance s Office of Chief Accountant. H. David Sherman had also been serving as a member of the board
of directors of LAAA from June 2021 to December 2022. Mingyu (Michael) Li has served in management teams for a number of financial
institutions, and he is experienced in deal sourcing and fund raising. Jon M. Montgomery is managing director at Meredith Financial Group
Inc. located in New York City and has served as an independent director of Nuvve Holding Corp. (NASDAQ: NVVE) since March 2021. He also
has more than 25 years of marketing consulting and market research experience. 

Our
management team s past performance is not an assurance that we are able to identify an appropriate candidate for our initial business
combination or achieve success with respect to the business combination we intend to consummate. However, we believe that the skills
and professional network of our management team will enable us to consummate an appropriate business combination. 

Effecting
an Acquisition Transaction 

If
the proposed business combination with Nature s Miracle does not close, our acquisition strategy will be to capitalize on the strengths
of our management team to allow us to identify businesses that have the capacity for cash flow creation, opportunity for operational
improvement, robust company fundamentals, and qualified and driven management teams. Our deal sourcing process will leverage our management
team s business knowledge, industry expertise and deep network of relationships that we expect will provide us with a pipeline
of acquisition candidates. Moreover, we anticipate introductions to potential acquisition candidates through various unaffiliated sources,
including venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, investment bankers, management buyout funds, and other
members of the financial community, as well as attorneys and accountants. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or completing the business combination through a joint venture
or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination
with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an
opinion from an independent accounting firm or independent investment-banking firm that our initial business combination is fair to our
company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

Our
efforts to identify a potential target business will not be limited to a specific industry or geographic region except that according
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we will not effectuate our initial business combination with a company
that is headquartered in the People s Republic of China China ), the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China Hong Kong or the Macau Special Administrative Region of China Macau or conducts a majority of its operations
in China, Hong Kong or Macau. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide,
and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination may have been materially and adversely
affected or may be so affected in the future. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns
relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel,
vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19
impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted,
including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact,
among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extended period of time, our ability
to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination,
may be materially adversely affected. 

3 

We
will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon
such consummation and, if we seek shareholder approval, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative
vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. 

We
chose our net tangible asset threshold of 5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the
Securities Act. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working
capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the Trust Account upon consummation of such
initial business combination, we may need to have more than 5,000,001 in net tangible assets upon consummation and this may force us
to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate
such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. 

Our
initial shareholders and officers and directors have agreed (i) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business
combination, (ii) not to redeem any shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination
or any amendment to our charter prior to the consummation of our initial business combination and (iii) not to sell any shares to
us in a tender offer in connection with any proposed business combination. 

None
of our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates has indicated any intention to any units or ordinary shares from
persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, if we hold a general meeting to approve a proposed business combination
and a significant number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against a proposed business combination, or choose to
convert their shares, our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates could make purchases in the open market or in
private transactions in order to influence any vote held to approve a proposed initial business combination or to increase the likelihood
of satisfying any closing conditions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, initial shareholders and their affiliates
will not make purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange
Act which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company s stock, shares or other equity securities. 

Redemption
Rights 

At
any general meeting called to approve an initial business combination, any public shareholder (whether they are voting for or against
such proposed business combination or not voting at all) will be entitled to demand that his, her or its ordinary shares be redeemed
for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially 10.15 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account less amounts necessary to pay our taxes). 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a
 group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) will be restricted from seeking redemption rights
with respect to 20 or more of the ordinary shares sold in the IPO without our prior written consent. However, we would not be restricting
our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including all shares held by those shareholders that hold more than 20 
of the shares sold in the IPO) for or against our initial business combination. 

Whether
we elect to effectuate our initial business combination via shareholder vote or tender offer, we will require our public shareholders
seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either
tender their certificates to our transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust
Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option prior to the expiration of the tender offer,
or in the event we distribute proxy materials, up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business
combination. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery at or prior to the general meeting ensures that a holder s election
to redeem his shares is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. There is a nominal cost associated with this tendering
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge
the tendering broker a nominal fee and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However,
this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders to deliver their shares prior to the vote on the business
combination in order to exercise redemption rights. This is because a holder would need to deliver shares to exercise redemption rights
regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event the proposed business combination is not consummated,
this may result in an increased cost to shareholders. 

4 

Liquidation
if no business combination 

If
we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO, we will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter,
redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as
reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining holders of ordinary shares and our board of directors,
proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the company, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above)
to our obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. 

In
connection with our redemption of 100 of our issued and outstanding public shares for a portion of the funds held in the Trust Account,
each public shareholder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us and less up to 50,000 for liquidation expenses. Holders of
warrants and rights will receive no proceeds in connection with the liquidation with respect to such warrants, which will expire worthless. 

The
holders of the founder shares and Private Units will not participate in any redemption distribution with respect to their founder shares
or Private Units, until all of the claims of any redeeming shareholders and creditors are fully satisfied (and then only from funds held
outside the Trust Account). 

If
we are unable to conclude our initial business combination and we expend all of the net proceeds of the IPO not deposited in the Trust
Account, without taking into account any interest earned on the Trust Account, we expect that the initial per-share redemption price
will be approximately 10.15. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to claims of our creditors that
are in preference to the claims of our shareholders. In addition, if we are forced to file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an
involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could
be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the
claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. Therefore, the actual per-share redemption price may be less
than approximately 10.15. 

We
will pay the costs of liquidating the Trust Account from the up to 50,000 of interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
that is available to us for liquidation expenses. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups, venture capital
funds leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and
have significant experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors
possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited
by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business.
Furthermore, the requirement that we acquire a target business or businesses having a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the
value of the Trust Account (less any taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the agreement to enter into the business combination,
our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights and the future dilution they
potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. 

Properties 

We do not own any real estate or other physical
properties materially important to our operations. We currently maintain our executive offices at 667 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10065.
Such space, utilities and secretarial and administrative services are provided to us at 10,000 per month by our sponsor. We consider
our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We
currently have one executive officer, Mr. Deyin (Bill) Chen, which is our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. He is
not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but he intends to devote as much of his time as they deem necessary
to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time he will devote in any time period will vary
based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process
we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

5 

Item 1A.
Risk Factors 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. For a complete list of risks relating to our operations,
see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our registration statement. In addition to these risk factors, we have
identified the following additional risk factor: 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We performed an assessment on the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15,
 Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . There is no assurance that
we will be able to consummate the initial business combination within 12 months (or 15 months, as applicable) from the date of the IPO.
In the event that we fails to consummate business combination within the required period, we will face mandatory liquidation and dissolution
subject to certain obligations under applicable laws or regulations. This uncertainty raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability as a going concern one year from the date the financial statement is issued. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts
of assets or liabilities regarding the possibility of us not continuing as a going concern, as a result of failing to consummate business
combination within 12 months (or 15 months, as applicable) from the date of the IPO. Management plans to continue its efforts to consummate
a business combination within 12 months (or 15 months, as applicable) from the date of the IPO. 

Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item 2.
Properties 

We
do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operations. We currently maintain our executive offices
at 667 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10065. Such space, utilities and secretarial and administrative services are provided to us at 10,000
per month by our sponsor. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3.
Legal Proceedings 

We
may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not
currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding,
investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

6 

PART II 

Item 5.
Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
units, ordinary shares, warrants and rights are listed on the Nasdaq Global Markets Nasdaq under the symbols LBBBU, LBBB,
LBBBW and LBBBR, respectively. 

Our
public units commenced trading on March 9, 2022. On April 14, 2022, our public ordinary shares, public warrants and public
rights included in the public units began separate trading. Public units not separated will continue to be listed on the Nasdaq Global
Market. At December 31, 2022, there were 9,141,500 of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be contingent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements, and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent
to a business combination will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors
to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends
in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to
declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Use
of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

On
March 11, 2022, we consummated our IPO of 6,900,000 Public Units, which includes full exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment
option. Each Public Unit consists of one ordinary share of us, par value 0.0001 per share, one-half of one redeemable warrant, with
each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share for 11.50 per share, and one right that entitles the
holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of our initial business combination. The Public Units
were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 69,000,000.The securities in the offering were registered
under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333- 262381). The SEC declared the registration statement
effective on March 8, 2022. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, we consummated a private placement (the Private Placement in which our sponsor purchased
351,500 Private Units at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating total proceeds of 3,515,000. 

A
total of 70,035,000 of the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Units were placed in a U.S.-based trust account at Morgan
Stanley Wealth Management, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

We
paid a total of 1,380,000 underwriting discounts and commissions and approximately 715,000 for other offering costs and expenses related
to the IPO. In addition, the underwriter agreed to defer 2,415,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions. 

There
has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the IPO and private placement as is described in our final prospectus
related to the IPO. See below Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations of this report on Form 10-K. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

7 

Item 7.
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set
forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Overview 

We
were formed on February 19, 2021 for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses. Our efforts to identify a prospective target
business will not be limited to any particular industry or geographic region. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of
the IPO in effecting our initial business combination. 

We
are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. 

We
presently have no revenue. All activities for the period from February 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relate to
the formation and the IPO and seeking of a target business. We will have no operations other than the active solicitation of a target
business with which to complete a business combination, and we will not generate any operating revenue until after the Company s
initial business combination, at the earliest. We will have non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents
from the proceeds derived from the IPO. 

On
March 11, 2022, we consummated the IPO of 6,900,000 Public Units, which includes the full exercise of the over-allotment option
by the underwriter in the IPO, at a price of 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of 69,000,000. Simultaneously with the
closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 351,500 Private Units, at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, in a private placement to
our sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 3,515,000. 

Upon
the consummation of the IPO and the underwriter s full exercise of the over-allotment option, and associated private placements,
 70,035,000 of cash was placed in the Trust Account. This amount equals 6,900,000 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption multiplied
by redemption value of 10.15 per share. 

As
indicated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, we had 44,918 in cash held outside our Trust
Account available for working capital purposes. 

On
September 9, 2022, we entered into a merger agreement (the Merger Agreement with certain parties aiming to acquire 100 
of the equity securities of Nature s Miracle, Inc. Nature s Miracle ). 

On
November 14, 2022, LBBB Merger Corp., the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, filed a Form S-4 containing the registration statement
with respect to the proposed business combination with Nature's Miracle. 

On
December 28, 2022, LBBB Merger Corp. filed a Form S-4/A containing amendment No. 1 to the registration statement to address comments
LBBB Merger Corp. received from the SEC on December 14, 2022, regarding the registration statement. 

On
January 20, 2023, LBBB Merger Corp. filed a Form S-4/A containing amendment No. 2 to the registration statement to address comments LBBB
Merger Corp. received from the SEC on January 12, 2023. 

On February 10, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 100,000 to RedOne Investment Limited, the Company s sponsor. The principal
shall be payable promptly on the earlier date on which either the Company consummates an initial business combination or has received
financing from other parties with no interest accrued, and the amount of 100,000 does not have the conversion feature of converting into
additional Private Units, based on the description of the promissory note. 

On March 9, 2023, we held an Extraordinary General
Meeting (the General Meeting of shareholders. In the General Meeting, shareholders approved to amend our Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Charter Amendment ), and to extend the time for us to complete a business combination
for an additional three (3) months, from March 11, 2023 to June 11, 2023 (the Extension ). The amended Charter Amendment
was filed with the Registrar of companies in the Cayman Islands on March 10, 2023 and was effective on that date. In connection with the
approval of the Extension, we deposited into the Trust Account 250,000 in accordance with the terms of the Charter Amendment. In connection
with the General Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem a total of 2,767,411 ordinary shares. An aggregate payment of 28,707,673 was distributed from the Company s Trust Account because of this redemption. 

On March 10, 2023, we entered into a loan agreement as the borrower
with a third party lender, our sponsor and Nature s Miracle Inc. NMI as the guarantors. The principal amount was
 250,000 with no interest bearing and was repayable on or before June 11, 2023 (the Repayment Date ). We shall cause to issue
25,000 bonus shares to the lender of the surviving company when completing the proposed business combination with NMI, no later than the
Repayment Date. 

On March 28, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note
in the aggregate principal amount of 100,000 to RedOne Investment Limited, the Company s sponsor. The principal shall be payable
promptly on the earlier date on which either the Company consummates an initial business combination or has received financing from other
parties with no interest accrued, and the amount of 100,000 does not have the conversion feature of converting into additional Private
Units, based on the description of the promissory note. 

8 

We cannot assure you that our plans to complete
our initial business combination will be successful. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 15 months
from the date of the IPO, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than five business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining holders of ordinary shares and our board of
directors, liquidate and dissolve. In the event of liquidation, the holders of the founder shares and Private Units will not participate
in any redemption distribution with respect to their founder shares or Private Units, until all of the claims of any redeeming shareholders
and creditors are fully satisfied (and then only from funds held outside the Trust Account). 

Results
of Operations 

Our
entire activity from February 19, 2021 (inception) up to the consummation of the IPO was in preparation for the IPO. Since the IPO,
our activity has been limited to the evaluation of business combination candidates, and we will not be generating any operating revenues
until the closing and completion of our initial business combination. We expect to generate small amounts of non-operating income in
the form of interest income on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account. We will incur expenses as a result of being a public
company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for consummating the proposed business combination. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 253,602. We incurred 754,524 of general and administrative expenses and earned
 1,008,126 of interest income from investments in our Trust Account. 

For
the period from February 19, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 85,388, which consisted of 85,388 in
formation, general and administrative expenses. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 44,918 in cash held outside our Trust Account available for our working capital purposes. 

Prior
to the consummation of the IPO, our liquidity needs had been satisfied through a payment from the sponsor of 25,000 for the founder
shares, the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the sponsor of 500,000. The promissory note from the sponsor was converted
into part of the subscription of 3,515,000 private placement on March 11, 2022. 

Upon
the consummation of the IPO and underwriter s full exercise of over-allotment option on March 11, 2022, and associated private
placements, 70,035,000 of cash was placed in the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate of 71,043,126 was held in the
Trust Account in money market funds that invest in cash, U.S. Treasury Bills, notes, and other obligations issued or guaranteed as to
principal and interest by the U.S. Treasury. 

In order to meet its working capital needs following the consummation
of the IPO, the Company s initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the
Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each working capital
loan would be evidenced by a promissory note and would either be paid upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination,
without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to certain amount of the working capital loan may be converted upon consummation
of the Company s business combination into additional private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. If the Company does not complete
a business combination, the working capital loan will only be repaid with funds not held in the Trust Account and only to the extent available
(see Note 5 of the Notes to the Financial Statements included in this report). To date, an aggregate principal amount of 200,000
was outstanding and evidenced by an unsecured promissory note issued to RedOne Investment Limited, the Company s sponsor. The principal
shall be payable promptly on the earlier date on which either the Company consummates an initial business combination or has received
financing from other parties with no interest accrued, and the amount of 200,000 does not have the conversion feature of converting into
additional private units, based on the description of the promissory note. 

In addition, an aggregate principal amount of 250,000 under a loan
agreement with a third party lender was outstanding as of the date this report was issued. The loan is guaranteed by the Company s
sponsor and Nature s Miracle Inc. NMI with no interest bearing and is repayable on or before June 11, 2023 (the
 Repayment Date ). The Company shall cause to issue 25,000 bonus shares to the lender of the surviving company when completing
the proposed business combination with NMI, no later than the Repayment Date. The amount of 250,000 was deposited into the Company s
Trust Account in accordance with the term of the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Charter
Amendment ). 

Based
on the foregoing, management believes that we will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet our needs through the
earlier of the consummation of a business combination or one year from this filing. Over this time period, we will be using these
funds for paying existing accounts payable, staying as a public company and consummating the business combination. 

If
our estimates of the working capital needs are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available
to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to consummate
our initial business combination or because we become obligated to convert a significant number of our public shares upon consummation
of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business
combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only consummate such financing simultaneously with the consummation
of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain
additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

9 

We performed an assessment on the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15,
 Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . There is no assurance that
we will be able to consummate the initial business combination within 15 months from the date of the IPO. In the event that we fail to
consummate business combination within the required period, we will face mandatory liquidation and dissolution subject to certain obligations
under applicable laws or regulations. This uncertainty raises substantial doubt about our ability as a going concern one year from the
date the financial statement is issued. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities regarding the possibility
of us not continuing as a going concern, as a result of failing to consummate business combination within 15 months from the date of the
IPO. Management plans to continue its efforts to consummate a business combination within 15 months from the date of the IPO. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Management s
discussion and analysis of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources are based on our audited financial information.
We describe our significant accounting policies in Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Financial Statements included
in this report. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the consolidated financial statements. Judgments are based on historical experience, terms of existing contracts, industry trends
and information available from outside sources, as appropriate. However, by their nature, judgments are subject to an inherent degree
of uncertainty, and, therefore, actual results could differ from our estimates. 

Offering
Costs Associated with the IPO 

Offering
costs consist of underwriting, legal, accounting, registration and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly
related to the IPO. As of March 11, 2022, offering costs totaled 5,614,686. The amount was consisted of 1,380,000 of underwriting
commissions, 2,415,000 of deferred underwriting commissions, and 1,819,686 of other offering costs (which includes 1,262,250 of representative
shares, as described in Note 8 of the Notes to the Financial Statements included in this report). The Company complies with the
requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB Topic 5A Expenses of Offering .
Offering costs were charged to shareholders equity upon the completion of the IPO. The Company allocates offering costs between
public shares, public warrants and public rights based on the estimated fair values of them at the date of issuance. Accordingly, 5,109,364
was allocated to public shares and was charged to temporary equity, and a sum of 505,322 was allocated to public warrants and public
rights, and was charged to shareholders equity. 

Ordinary
Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

The
Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and
are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are
either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s
control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. The Company s
public shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence
of uncertain future events. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value
of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying
amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital or accumulated deficit if additional
paid in capital equals to zero. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at
redemption value of 10.296 per share as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s balance
sheet. 

Net
Income (Loss) per Share 

We
comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable
to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both
the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net loss less any dividends
paid. We then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the
redeemable and non-redeemable shares. Any remeasurement of the accretion to redemption value of the ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public shareholders. 

10 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 19, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, the Company did not have
any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in
the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period presented. The calculation
of diluted loss per share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the IPO and the private placement since
the exercise of warrants are contingent on the occurrence of future events. 

Warrants 

The
Company evaluates the public and private warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment
of the warrants specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815,
Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments
pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for
equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares, among other
conditions for equity classification. Pursuant to such evaluation, both public and private warrants are classified in shareholders 
equity. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on our consolidated financial statements. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not
participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable
interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered
into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other
entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Underwriting
Agreement 

A
deferred underwriting commission of 0.35 per Public Unit sold, totaling 2,415,000 will be payable to the underwriters from the amounts
held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a business combination, without accrued interest. In the event
that the Company does not close a business combination, the representative underwriter forfeits its right to receive the commission. 

Registration
Rights 

The
initial shareholders will be entitled to registration rights with respect to their initial shares, as well as the holders of the Private
Units and holders of any securities issued to the Company s initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment
of working capital loans or extension loans made to the Company, will be entitled to registration rights with respect to the Private
Units (and underlying securities), pursuant to an agreement signed on the effective date of the IPO. The holders of such securities are
entitled to demand that the Company register these securities at any time after the Company consummates a business combination. In addition,
the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights on registration statements filed after the Company s consummation
of a business combination. 

Engagement
agreement with Legal Counsel 

The
Company has entered into an engagement agreement with its legal counsel with respect to the proposed business combination. The fee will
be based on the number of hours spent. An aggregate of 200,000 will be paid before the closing of the business combination and the balance
will be due upon the closing of the business combination. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate of 250,000 had been accrued into the
Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Engagement
agreement with Underwriter 

The
Company has entered into an engagement agreement with its underwriter with respect to the proposed business combination. A success fee
will be paid upon closing of the business combination, with the amount calculated as the following schedule: (i) 2 of the aggregate
value of transaction (as described in Note 1, Business Combination) for the part up to 200 million; (ii) 1 for the part over 200 million. 

11 

Engagement
Agreement Fairness Opinion 

An
aggregate of 90,000 will be paid upon the closing of the business combination, based on an engagement agreement entered into by the
Company and the provider of fairness opinion concerning the terms of the business combination. 

Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

None. 

Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon his evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the
Exchange Act) were not effective as of December 31, 2022, due solely to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
related to (i) lack of segregation of duty and (ii) ineffective controls in place to review legal fee and other professional service fee
accruals. In light of the material weakness identified, we will consider engaging an external SEC Consultant to perform the duties of
financial reporting. Management will review the books and records and financial statements prepared by the external consultant. We will
also enhance the management review controls surrounding the recognition and timing of professional services being received and to perform
ongoing monitoring procedures over these expenses in order to capture them timely and in the proper period for financial reporting. We
performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly,
management believes that the financial statements included in this report present fairly in all material respects our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will
prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of
disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative
to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and
procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design
of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

This
report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly
public companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 covered by this
report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Item 9B.
Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

12 

PART III 

Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Bill
 Chen 
 
 57 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and
 Chairman 

H.
 David Sherman 
 
 75 
 
 Independent Director 

Mingyu
 (Michael) Li 
 
 39 
 
 Independent Director 

Jon
 M. Montgomery 
 
 73 
 
 Independent Director 

Deyin (Bill) Chen has been our Chief
Executive Officer since February 24, 2021 and also served as our Chairman since March 2022. He had also been serving as the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chairman of Lakeshore Acquisition I Corp. (Nasdaq: LAAA) from January 2021 and June 2021, respectively,
to December 6, 2022, the date on which LAAA consummated its initial business combination with ProSomnus Inc. (Nasdaq:OSA). Mr. Chen
has a mixed background of engineering, finance, and operation management across industries and continents. Mr. Chen has been an
independent advisor for merger and acquisition and equity transactions since August 2015. From February 2020 until March 2021,
Mr. Chen has served as a Special Advisor for Newborn Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: NBAC), a special purpose acquisition company that
completed a business combination with Nuvve Corporation in March 2021. Since May 2017, Mr. Chen has served as Chief Executive
Officer of Shanghai Renaissance Investment Management Co. Ltd., a licensed private equity firm in China that he founded. From March 2014
to August 2015, Mr. Chen served as Executive Vice President of Sanpower Group, a private conglomerate based in China, where
he was in charge of cross-border merger and acquisition and post-merger integration. From January 2011 to January 2014, Mr. Chen
served as Vice President of Strategy and Global Investment of JA Solar, a vertically integrated solar products manufacturing company
based in China. From February 2005 to October 2010, Mr. Chen served as a Partner of BDO Capital Advisors and its affiliates
in China with a focus on cross-border merger and acquisition and equity transactions. From June 2001 to August 2004, Mr. Chen
served as a Senior Business Advisor to Capgemini, a consulting company based in Toronto Canada. From November 2000 to May 2001,
Mr. Chen served as a Senior Financial Analyst in IBM Global Services in Toronto Canada. From December 1997 to November 2000,
Mr. Chen served as a Staff Accountant in the General Accounting Department of Ashland Inc. Prior to his career in accounting and
finance, Mr. Chen was an engineer and project manager in China from July 1987 to August 1993. 

H.
David Sherman, MBA, DBA, CPA has been one of our independent directors since March 2022. He has
also been serving as a member of the board of directors of Lakeshore Acquisition I Corp. (Nasdaq: LAAA) from June 2021 to December
6, 2022, the date on which LAAA consummated its initial business combination with ProSomnus Inc.(Nasdaq: OSA). Since 1985, Dr. Sherman
has been a professor at Northeastern University, specializing in, among other areas, financial and management accounting, global financial
statement analysis and contemporary accounting issues. Since January 2014, Professor Sherman has served as Trustee and Chair of the
Finance Committee for the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, the oldest English language acting school in the world. Since July 2010,
he has also served as a Board member and Treasurer for D-Tree International, a non-profit organization that develops and supports electronic
clinical protocols to enable health care workers worldwide to deliver high quality care. Since September 2019, Dr. Sherman has
served as an independent board member for Newborn Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ:NBAC). Dr. Sherman previously served on the board and
as audit committee chair for Dunxin Financial Holdings Ltd. (AMEX:DXF), a financial service company, Kingold Jewelry Inc. (NASDAQ: KGJI),
a designer and manufacturer of gold jewelry related products, China HGS Real Estate Inc. (NASDAQ: HGSH), a real estate company, Agfeed
Corporation, a manufacturing company of agricultural products, and China Growth Alliance, Ltd., a business acquisition company formed
to acquire an operating business in China. Dr. Sherman was previously on the faculty of the Sloan School of Management at Massachusetts
Institute of Technology (MIT) and also, among other academic appointments, held an adjunct professorship at Tufts Medical School and was
a visiting professor at Harvard Business School (2015). From 2004 to 2005, Dr. Sherman was an Academic Fellow at the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission in the Division of Corporate Finance s Office of Chief Accountant. Dr. Sherman is a Certified Public
Accountant and previously practiced with Coopers Lybrand. Dr. Sherman s research has been published in management
and academic journals including Harvard Business Review, Sloan Management Review, Accounting Review and European Journal of Operations
Research. 

Mingyu
(Michael) Li has been one of our independent directors since March 2022. Since August 2019,
Mr. Li has served as Chief Executive Officer of Horizon Capital, a private equity firm focusing renewable and AI-driven manufacturing.
In Horizon Capital, he has led a number of private equity fundraisings, managed advisory business for cross-border M A. From January 2014
to January 2019, Mr. Li served as a Senior Partner at Hejun Capital, a private equity firm specializing in providing capital
operation system solutions to high-growth enterprises. Hejun Capital was selected as the best private equity institution by Chinaventure
for 2016. During his tenure in Hejun Capital, Mr. Li led two M A transactions and post-merger integration projects involving
listed companies in the media sector. From January 2012 to January 2013, Mr. Li served as the Director of Investment Banking
in China Minsheng Bank, a leading commercial bank in China, where he was responsible for investment banking and financing needs of large
energy companies. From April 2009 to December 2011, Mr. Li participated a few private equity fundraisings in real estate
sector in China. From February 2007 to March 2009, Mr. Li began his career with Hejun Consulting, the largest comprehensive
consulting company then in China. During his tenure at Hejun Consulting, Mr. Li was responsible for strategic consulting, M A,
and led or participated in more than 20 consulting projects. 

13 

Jon
M. Montgomery has been one of our independent directors since March 2022. Mr. Montgomery is managing director at Meredith
Financial Group Inc., a financial management and advisory firm located in New York City. He has served as an independent director of
Nuvve Holding Corp. (NVVE.NASDAQ) since March 19, 2021. From 2010 to 2014, he was managing partner at project finance advisory firm AGlobal
Partners LLC where he assisted in arranging long-term, limited-recourse financing for private investments in renewable energy, telecommunications,
mining metals, PPPs, and other infrastructure projects in emerging and other international markets. He also advised clients on
foreign direct investments, including those utilizing development finance institutions, export credit agencies, and political risk insurers.
In addition, Mr. Montgomery has more than 25 years of marketing consulting and market research experience, informing and guiding
clients branding, communications, segmentation and innovation challenges across a range of industries, particularly in the information
technology, telecommunications, financial services, CPG, pharmaceutical, and retail sectors. He is experienced in applying model-based quantitative
analysis, particularly choice-based modeling, to solving competitive problems. Previously, from 1996 to 2010, Mr. Montgomery
co-founded Hudson Group Inc. in New York, a research-based marketing consultancy. He also held prior positions as executive
vice president at Marketing Strategy Planning Inc./Synovate, and vice president at Hase Schannen Research Associates Inc. Mr. Montgomery
holds a M.B.A. from Northeastern University and a B.A. from the University of California, Berkeley. Since 2000 he has been Adjunct Faculty
in Marketing at the University of Georgia. We believe Mr. Montgomery is well-qualified to serve as a member of the board due
to his investment banking, structuring and strategic expertise, his contacts in emerging and other international markets and his extensive
experience in marketing and market research. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
requires that a majority of our board must be composed of independent directors, which is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion
of the company s board of directors would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. 

Mingyu
(Michael) Li, David Sherman and Jon M. Montgomery are our independent directors. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. Any affiliated transactions will be on terms no less favorable to us than could
be obtained from independent parties. Any affiliated transactions must be approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested
directors. 

Audit
Committee 

We
established an audit committee of the board of directors. Mingyu (Michael) Li, David Sherman and Jon M. Montgomery Zhu are the members
of our audit committee. David Sherman is the chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules,
we are required to have three members of the audit committee all of whom must be independent. Mingyu (Michael) Li, David Sherman and
Jon M. Montgomery are independent. 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

Responsibilities
of the audit committee include: 

the
appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and
any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving
all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting
firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

14 

reviewing
and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate
their continued independence; 

setting
clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

setting
clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing the independent auditor s
internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer
review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years
respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing
and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC
prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or
compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports
that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards
or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation
Committee 

Subject
to the requirement of law or the Nasdaq market rules, we established a compensation committee of the board of directors. The members
of our Compensation Committee are Mingyu (Michael) Li, David Sherman and Jon M. Montgomery. David Sherman is chair of the compensation
committee. We adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating
our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation in executive session at which the Chief Executive Officer is not present; 

reviewing
and approving the compensation of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
management in complying with our proxy statement and report disclosure requirements; 

approving
all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing
a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The
charter provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

15 

Nominating
Committee 

We
established a nominating committee of the board of directors, which consists of Mingyu (Michael) Li, David Sherman and Jon M. Montgomery,
each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. David Sherman is the chair of the nominating committee.
The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The
nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines
for Selecting Director Nominees 

The
guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should
have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should
possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a
range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should
have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 

The
Nominating Committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background, integrity
and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require
certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and
will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating
committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Potential
investors should be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest: 

None
of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest
in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In
the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which
may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our
initial shareholders have agreed to waive their right to liquidating distributions with respect to their founder shares if we fail to
consummate our initial business combination within the required time period. However, if our initial shareholders acquire public shares
in the open market, they will be entitled to receive liquidating distributions with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate
our initial business combination within the required time period. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such
applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private units will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the
private units will expire worthless. 

Our
officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention
or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
initial business combination. 

16 

Under
Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

(i) duty
to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

(ii) duty
to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

(iii) directors
should not properly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

(iv) duty
to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

(v) duty
not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

(vi) duty
to exercise independent judgment. 

In
addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement
to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person
carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience
of that director. 

As
set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing,
or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be
forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by
way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval
at general meetings. 

Accordingly,
as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business
opportunities to multiple entities. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise when our board evaluates a particular business opportunity.
We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. Furthermore, each of our officers and directors
currently has and may in the future have fiduciary obligations to other businesses, including other blank check companies similar to
our company, of which they are now or may in the future be officers or directors. To the extent they identify business opportunities
which may be suitable for the entities to which they owe fiduciary obligations, our officers and directors will honor those fiduciary
obligations. Accordingly, it is possible they may not present opportunities to us that otherwise may be attractive to us unless the entities
to which they owe fiduciary obligations and any successors to such entities have declined to accept such opportunities. 

In
order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple corporate affiliations, each of our officers and directors
has contractually agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, until the earliest of a business combination, our liquidation or such
time as he ceases to be an officer or director, to present to our company for our consideration, prior to presentation to any other entity,
any suitable business opportunity which may reasonably be required to be presented to us, subject to any fiduciary or contractual obligations
he might have. 

17 

Below
is a table summarizing the entities to which our officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations which
will take priority over us. 

Individual 
 
 Entity 

Mingyu
 (Michael) Li 
 
 Horizon Capital 

Jon
 M. Montgomery 
 
 Nuvve Holding Corp. 

To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our initial shareholders, officers or directors unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, and the approval of a majority of our disinterested independent
directors that the business combination is fair to our company (or shareholders) from a financial point of view. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, subject to fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands
law, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

Our
officers and directors, as well as our initial shareholders, have agreed (i) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed
business combination and (ii) not to redeem any shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business
combination or any amendment to our charter documents prior to the consummation of our initial business combination or sell any shares
to us in a tender offer in connection with a proposed initial business combination. 

Code
of Conduct and Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of conduct and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities
laws. We filed a copy of our form of Code of Ethics and our audit committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement for the
IPO. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In
addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to
or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially
own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes
in ownership of our ordinary shares and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial
owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based
solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing
requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner during
2022. 

18 

Item 11.
Executive Compensation 

Employment
Agreements 

We
have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers, and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon
termination of employment. 

Executive
Officers and Director Compensation 

No
compensation will be paid to our initial shareholders, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to or in
connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. Our independent directors will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our initial
shareholders, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us, may be paid consulting, management
or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business
to determine executive and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommenced, to
the board of directors for determination, either by a committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent
directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

19 

Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth as of March 30,
2023 the number of Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by (i) each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of
our issued and outstanding ordinary shares; (ii) each of our officers and directors that beneficially owns ordinary shares; and (iii) all
our officers and directors as a group. As of March 30, 2023, we had 6,374,089 ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary
shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of warrants, including the private units, as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date thereof. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Approximate Percentage of Issued and outstanding ordinary shares 
 
 Directors and Officers 

Bill Chen (2) 
 2,046,500 
 32.11 
 
 H. David Sherman 
 20,000 

Mingyu (Michael) Li 
 5,000 

Jon M. Montgomery 
 5,000 

All directors and officers (4 individuals) as a group 
 2,076,500 
 32.58 
 
 Greater than 5 Holders 

RedOne Investment Limited (2) 
 2,046,500 
 32.11 
 
 Karpus Investment Management (3) 
 563,175 
 8.8 
 
 First Trust Merger Arbitrage Fund (4) 
 662,352 
 10.39 
 
 Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. (5) 
 509,158 
 7.99 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (6) 
 676,115 
 10.61 
 
 Hudson Bay Capital Management LP (7) 
 595,000 
 9.33 

Less
than one percent. 

(1) Unless
otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Lakeshore Acquisition II Corp., 667 Madison Avenue,
New York, NY 10065. 

(2) 
 Represents shares held by our sponsor. Mr. Chen has voting and dispositive power over the shares held of record by our sponsor, RedOne Investment Limited. Mr. Chen disclaims any beneficial ownership of the shares held by our sponsor, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 

(3) 
 Based on a certain Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023 by the reporting person. The address for the reporting persons is 183 Sully s Trail, Pittsford, New York 14534. Karpus Management, Inc., d/b/a Karpus Investment Management Karpus ). Karpus is a registered investment adviser under Section 203 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. Karpus is controlled by City of London Investment Group plc CLIG ), which is listed on the London Stock Exchange. However, in accordance with SEC Release No. 34-39538 (January 12, 1998), effective informational barriers have been established between Karpus and CLIG such that voting and investment power over the subject securities is exercised by Karpus independently of CLIG, and, accordingly, attribution of beneficial ownership is not required between Karpus and CLIG. 

(4) 
 Pursuant to a certain Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023, which was filed jointly by First Trust Merger Arbitrage Fund VARBX ), First Trust Capital Management L.P. FTCM ), First Trust Capital Solutions L.P. FTCS and FTCS Sub GP LLC Sub GP ). VARBX is a series of Investment Managers Series Trust II which is an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940. FTCM is an investment adviser registered with the SEC that provides investment advisory services to, among others, (i) series of Investment Managers Services Trust II, an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, specifically VARBX, and (ii) First Trust Alternative Opportunities Fund, an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (collectively, the Client Accounts ). FTCS is a Delaware limited partnership and control person of FTCM. Sub GP is a Delaware limited liability company and control person of FTCM. As investment adviser to the Client Accounts, FTCM has the authority to invest the funds of the Client Accounts in securities (including Ordinary Shares of the Issuer) as well as the authority to purchase, vote and dispose of securities, and may thus be deemed the beneficial owner of any shares of the Issuer s Ordinary Shares held in the Client Accounts. As of December 31, 2022, VARBX owned 662,352 shares of the outstanding ordinary shares of LBBB, while FTCM, FTCS and Sub GP collectively owned 718,098 shares of the outstanding ordinary shares of LBBB. FTCS and Sub GP may be deemed to control FTCM and therefore may be deemed to be beneficial owners of the ordinary shares reported in this Schedule 13G. No one individual controls FTCS or Sub GP. FTCS and Sub GP do not own any Ordinary Shares of the Issuer for their own accounts. The principal business address of FTCM, FTCS and Sub GP is 225 W. Wacker Drive, 21st Floor, Chicago, IL 60606. The principal business address of VARBX is 235 West Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212. 

20 

(5) 
 Pursuant to a certain Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023 by Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. reported sole dispositive and voting power over 509,158 shares of LBBB s ordinary shares. Mizuho Financial Group, Inc., Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and Mizuho Americas LLC may be deemed to be indirect beneficial owners of said equity securities directly held by Mizuho Securities USA LLC which is their wholly-owned subsidiary. The address of Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. is 1-5-5, Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8176, Japan. 

(6) 
 According to a certain Schedule 13G filed on February 09, 2023, on behalf of Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. Polar ). Polar serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund PMSMF with respect to the reported shares directly held by PMSMF. The business address of this stockholder is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 

(7) 
 According to a certain Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023 by Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Hudson Bay and Sander Gerber, Hudson Bay serves as the investment manager to HB Strategies LLC and Hudson Bay SPAC Master Fund LP, in whose name the securities reported herein are held. As such, Hudson Bay may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of all shares of ordinary shares held by HB Strategies LLC and Hudson Bay SPAC Master Fund LP. Mr. Gerber serves as the managing member of Hudson Bay Capital GP LLC, which is the general partner of Hudson Bay Mr. Gerber disclaims beneficial ownership of these securities. The address of each of Hudson Bay and Mr. Gerber is 28 Havemeyer Place, 2nd Floor, Greenwich, Connecticut 06830. 

Our
initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the founder shares and insider units (i.e. the Private Units,
except to certain permitted transferees) until, with respect to 50 of the founder shares and insider units, the earlier of six months
after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares
equals or exceeds 12.50 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of our initial business
combination and, with respect to the remaining 50 of the founder shares and insider units, six months after the date of the consummation
of our initial business combination, or earlier in each case if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we complete a liquidation,
merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their ordinary
shares for cash, securities or other property. 

During
the lock-up period, the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except (1) to our officers,
directors, shareholders, employees and members of our sponsor and their affiliates, (2) if a holder is an entity, as a distribution
to its partners, shareholders or members upon its liquidation, (3) by bona fide gift to a member of the holder s immediate
family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a holder or a member of a holder s immediate family, for estate planning purposes,
(4) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (5) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (6) by
certain pledges to secure obligations incurred in connection with purchases of our securities, (7) by private sales at prices no
greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased or (8) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with
the consummation of our initial business combination, in each case (except for clause 8 or with our prior consent) where the transferee
agrees to the terms of the insider letter. If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate, there will be no liquidation
distribution with respect to the founder shares. 

21 

Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

On
February 19, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares to our initial shareholders for an aggregate purchase price of
 25,000, or approximately 0.017 per share. Our sponsor thereafter transferred certain shares to our independent directors for the same
price paid for such shares. In connection with the increase in the size of the offering, on December 20, 2021, we declared a 20 share
dividend on each founder share thereby increasing the number of issued and outstanding founder shares to 1,725,000 (up to 225,000 of
which are subject to forfeiture) so as to maintain the number of founder shares at 20 of the outstanding shares of our ordinary shares
upon the consummation of this offering, resulting in an effective purchase price per founder share after the share dividend of approximately
 0.014. The per share purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by
the aggregate number of founder shares issued. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder
shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after this offering (not including the shares to be issued to the underwriter at
closing or the shares underlying the private placement units). Since the over-allotment option had been fully exercised, the 225,000
founder shares were no longer subject to forfeiture on March 11, 2022. 

On
March 11, 2022, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 351,500 Private Units in a private placement at 10.00 per Private Unit (including
 500,000 paid via conversion of then existing related party loan, as described below). 

On
May 11, 2021, we issued a 300,000 principal amount unsecured promissory note to our sponsor; On January 31, 2022, we issued
a 100,000 principal amount unsecured promissory note to our sponsor, On March 7, 2022, we issued a 100,000 principal amount unsecured
promissory note to our sponsor, and we had received such amounts as of issuance dates. The notes were non-interest bearing, and
due after the date on which the IPO was consummated or we determined to abandon the IPO. On March 11, 2022, the 500,000 loan was
converted into part of the subscription of 3,515,000 private placement at a price of 10.00 per unit. The promissory notes were canceled
and no amounts were owed under the notes. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our initial shareholders,
officers and directors and their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Such loans would be evidenced
by promissory notes. In the event that we are unable to consummate an initial business combination, we may use a portion of the offering
proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment.
If we consummate an initial business combination, the notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination,
without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business
combination into additional private units at a price of 10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued
50,000 units if the full amount of notes are issued and converted). As of December 31, 2022, there were nil working capital loans outstanding. 

On
February 10, 2023, we issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 100,000 to RedOne Investment Limited,
our sponsor. The principal shall be payable promptly on the earlier date on which either we consummates an initial business combination
or we receive financing from other parties with no interest accrued, and the amount of 100,000 does not have the conversion feature
of converting into additional Private Units, based on the description of the promissory note. 

We
agreed, commencing on the signing of the engagement letter with the underwriter on May 6, 2021, to pay the sponsor a monthly
fee of up to 10,000 up to the consummation of business combination, for our use of its personnel and other administrative resources.
Since inception through December 31, 2022, we had paid an aggregate of 198,000 to the sponsor. 

On March 10, 2023, we entered into a loan agreement as the borrower
with a third party lender, our sponsor and Nature s Miracle Inc. NMI as the guarantors. The principal amount was 250,000 with no interest bearing and was repayable on or before June 11, 2023 (the Repayment
Date ). We shall cause to issue 25,000 bonus shares to the lender of the surviving company when completing the proposed business
combination with NMI, no later than the Repayment Date. 

On March 28, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note
in the aggregate principal amount of 100,000 to RedOne Investment Limited, the Company s sponsor. The principal shall be payable
promptly on the earlier date on which either the Company consummates an initial business combination or has received financing from other
parties with no interest accrued, and the amount of 100,000 does not have the conversion feature of converting into additional Private
Units, based on the description of the promissory note. 

We
entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided
for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

22 

Other
than reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target
businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations, no compensation or fees of any kind, including finder s
fees, consulting fees or other similar compensation, will be paid to our sponsor, officers or directors, or to any of their respective
affiliates, prior to or with respect to our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). Our independent
directors will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates
and will be responsible for reviewing and approving all related party transactions as defined under Item 404 of Regulation S-K,
after reviewing each such transaction for potential conflicts of interests and other improprieties. Total reimbursement paid to our sponsor,
officers or directors amounted to 24,243 from February 19, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2022. The outstanding balance
amount was 5,323 at December 31, 2022, and this amount was accrued in our balance sheet as indicated in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

All
ongoing and future transactions between us and any member of our management team or his or her respective affiliates will be on terms
believed by us at that time, based upon other similar arrangements known to us, to be no less favorable to us than are available from
unaffiliated third parties. It is our intention to obtain estimates from unaffiliated third parties for similar goods or services to
ascertain whether such transactions with affiliates are on terms that are no less favorable to us than are otherwise available from such
unaffiliated third parties. If a transaction with an affiliated third party were found to be on terms less favorable to us than with
an unaffiliated third party, we would not engage in such transaction. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our initial shareholders, officers
or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our initial shareholders,
officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company (or
shareholders) from a financial point of view. 

We
have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares and Private Units, among other securities. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
requires that a majority of our board must be composed of independent directors, which is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion
of the company s board of directors would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. 

For
a description of the director independence, see above Part III, Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance. 

23 

Item 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to UHY LLP, or UHY, for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements
and services that are normally provided by UHY LLP in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by UHY LLP for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information for the respective periods, registration
statements for the IPO and for the proposed business combination and other required filings with the SEC was 153,719 for the fiscal years
 ended December 31, 2022. We paid 122,776 and the balance amount to be paid was 30,943 at December 31, 2022. The above
amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We
did not pay UHY LLP for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the fiscal years ended December 31,
2022. 

Tax
Fees . We did not pay UHY LLP for tax planning and tax advice for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay UHY LLP any other fees for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing
services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since
the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services
and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis
exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of
the audit). 

24 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 . 
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The
following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheet 
 F-3 
 
 Statement
 of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statement
 of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Statement
 of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 F-7
to F-19 

(2) Financial
Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by
reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington,
D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington,
D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 

1.1 

Underwriting Agreement, dated March 8, 2022, by and between the Company and Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc., as representatives of the underwriters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to LBBB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 14, 2022) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement dated September 9, 2022 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 2.1 to the LBBB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2022) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to LBBB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 14,
2022) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to LBBB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 10, 2023) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated March 8, 2022, by and between LBBB and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to LBBB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 14, 2022) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated March 8, 2022, by and between LBBB and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to LBBB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 14, 2022) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 8, 2022, by and among LBBB, its officers and directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to LBBB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 14, 2022). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 8, 2022, by and among LBBB and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to LBBB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 14, 2022) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 8, 2022, by and between LBBB and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to LBBB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 14, 2022) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 8, 2022, by and among LBBB and certain security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to LBBB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 14, 2022) 

25 

10.5 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2022, by and between LBBB and each of the officers and directors of LBBB (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to LBBB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 14, 2022) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Private Placement Securities Subscription Agreement by and between LBBB and RedOne Investment Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to LBBB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 14, 2022) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Purchaser Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to LBBB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 12, 2022) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Voting and Support Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to LBBB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 12, 2022) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to LBBB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 12, 2022) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form
 of Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to LBBB s Current Report on Form
 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 12, 2022) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Voting Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to LBBB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 12, 2022) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Loan Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to LBBB s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 12, 2022) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Form of Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 28, 2022) 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant
 to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Inline Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Furnished
herewith 

26 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 Lakeshore Acquisition II Corp. 

By: 
 /s/
 Deyin (Bill) Chen 

Name: 
 Deyin (Bill) Chen 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Accounting
Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Deyin (Bill) Chen 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal executive officer), Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Deyin (Bill) Chen 

(Principal
 financial and accounting officer), and Chairman 

/s/
 H. David Sherman 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 H. David Sherman 

/s/
 Mingyu (Michael) Li 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Mingyu (Michael) Li 

/s/
 Jon M. Montgomery 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Jon M. Montgomery 

27 

LAKESHORE
ACQUISITION II CORP. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 to F-19 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Lakeshore Acquisition II Corp. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Lakeshore Acquisition II Corp. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February
19, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the
period from February 19, 2021(inception) to December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has no revenue, its business plan is dependent on the completion of the initial business combination and the Company s
cash and working capital are not sufficient to complete its planned activities one year from the issuance of the financial statements.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding
these matters are also described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

LAKESHORE
ACQUISITION II CORP. 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Deferred offering costs 

Prepaid expenses 

Marketable securities held in trust account 

Total Current Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Notes payable related party 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Accrued expenses related party 

Accrued offering costs and other expenses 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Redeemable Ordinary Shares 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption: shares (at redemption value of per share) 

Shareholders Deficit 

Ordinary share, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively (1) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

(1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

LAKESHORE
ACQUISITION II CORP. 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

For The 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 

 2022 
 For The Period From February 19 2021 (Inception) To December 31, 2021 
 
 Formation, general and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income 

Interest income on marketable securities held in trust account 

Net Income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Redeemable ordinary shares-basic and diluted

Non-redeemable ordinary shares-basic and diluted (1) 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

Redeemable ordinary shares-basic and diluted

N/A 
 
 Non-redeemable ordinary shares-basic and diluted

(1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

LAKESHORE
ACQUISITION II CORP. 

Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balances, February 19, 2021 (Inception) 

Issuance of ordinary shares to the initial shareholder in February 2021 

Share dividend of 0.2 shares for each outstanding share in December 2021 

Net loss 

Balances, December 31, 2021 (1) 

Issuance of public units 

Issuance of private units 

Issuance of representative shares 

Deduction of offering costs 

Deduction for value of ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Allocation of offering costs to ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Deduction for increases of carrying value of redeemable shares 

Net loss 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

(1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

LAKESHORE
ACQUISITION II CORP. 

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

For the 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period From February 19, 
 2021 
 (Inception) 
 To 
December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flow from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest income earned in trust account 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Change in prepaid expenses 

Change in accrued expense related party 

Change in accrued expense and other current liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flow from investing activities 

Cash deposited in trust account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flow from financing activities 

Proceeds from sale of ordinary shares 

Proceeds from note payable to a related party 

Proceeds from issuance of public units 

Proceeds from issuance of private units (1) 

Payment of underwriting fee 

Payment of other offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Non-cash investing and financial activities: 

Deferred offering costs accrued 

Note payable to a related party converted to subscription of private units 

Deferred underwriting commission charged to additional paid in capital 

Issuance of representative shares charged to additional paid in capital 

Initial value of public shares subject to possible redemption 

Reclassification of offering cost related to public shares 

Subsequent measurement of public shares subject to possible redemption 

(1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

LAKESHORE ACQUISITION II CORP. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

units, which includes the full exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriter in
the IPO, at per unit (the Public Units ), generating total gross proceeds of . 

units at per unit (the Private Units in a private placement (as described in Note 4),
generating total gross proceeds of . 

consisting
of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions, and of other offering costs (which
includes of representative shares, as described in Note 8). Except for the of subscription of founder shares,
the Company received net proceeds of from the IPO and the private placement. 

was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting
as trustee. 

F- 7 

of the value of the funds in the Trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting commissions payable and any taxes payable on the income
earned on the Trust account), which the Company refers to as the test, at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for
its initial business combination, although the Company may structure a business combination with one or more target businesses whose fair
market value significantly exceeds of the trust account balance. If the Company is no longer listed on Nasdaq, it will not be required
to satisfy the test. 

of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. The Company may, however,
structure a business combination where the Company merges directly with the target business or where the Company acquires less than 
of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or
for other reasons, but the Company will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise owns a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be
required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If less than of the equity interests or assets of
a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses
that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the test. 

upon consummation of the business combination and, solely if shareholder
approval is sought, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders
who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company will be required to approve the business combination. 

or more of the ordinary shares sold in this offering
without the Company s prior written consent. 

of the equity securities of Nature s
Miracle, Inc. Nature s Miracle . 

F- 8 

of the equity securities of Nature s Miracle. In exchange for their equity securities,
the stockholders of Nature s Miracle will receive an aggregate number of shares of common stock of the Purchaser with an aggregate
value equal to: (a) two hundred thirty million U.S. dollars ), minus (b) any Closing Net Indebtedness (as defined in the
Merger Agreement). Under the Merger Agreement, the aggregate number of shares of common stock of the Purchaser that will be received by
the stockholders of Natures Miracle equals to the aggregate value divided by . 

of the outstanding
public shares and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining
holders of ordinary shares and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve. 

in cash held outside its Trust Account available for the Company s working capital purposes. 

(see Note 8) for the founder shares and
the loan under several unsecured promissory notes from the sponsor of in total (see Note 5). On March 11, 2022, the
 loan was converted into part of the subscription of private placement at a price of per unit. The promissory
notes were canceled and no amounts were owed under the notes at December 31, 2022. 

of
cash was placed in the Trust Account. 

per unit.
If the Company does not complete a business combination, the working capital loan will only be repaid with funds not held in the trust
account and only to the extent available (see Note 5). To date, an aggregate principal amount of was outstanding and evidenced
by an unsecured promissory note issued to RedOne Investment Limited, the Company s sponsor. The principal shall be payable promptly
on the earlier date on which either the Company consummates an initial business combination or has received financing from other parties
with no interest accrued, and the amount of does not have the conversion feature of converting into additional private units,
based on the description of the promissory note. 

under a loan
agreement with a third party lender was outstanding as of the date this report was issued. The loan is guaranteed by the Company s
sponsor and Nature s Miracle Inc. NMI with no interest bearing and is repayable on or before June 11, 2023 (the
 Repayment Date ). The Company shall cause to issue bonus shares to the lender of the surviving company when completing
the proposed business combination with NMI, no later than the Repayment Date. The amount of was deposited into the Company s
Trust Account in accordance with the term of the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Charter
Amendment ). 

F- 9 

F- 10 

per share as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s consolidated
balance sheets. 

. The amount was consisted of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting
commissions, and of other offering costs (which includes of representative shares, as described in Note 8.
The Company complies with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB Topic
5A Expenses of Offering . Offering costs were charged to shareholders equity upon the completion of the
IPO. The Company allocates offering costs between public shares, public warrants and public rights based on the estimated fair values
of them at the date of issuance. Accordingly, was allocated to public shares and was charged to temporary equity, and a sum
of was allocated to public warrants and public rights, and was charged to shareholders equity. 

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts
and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

F- 11 

Accretion of temporary equity to initial redemption value per share) (1) 

Interest earned from trust account 

Net loss including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Accretion of temporary equity to initial redemption value per share) (1) 

Interest earned from trust account 

Allocation of net income/(loss) 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income/(loss) per share

N/A 

per share, plus any pro
rata interest earned on the fund held in the trust account less amount necessary to pay the Company s taxes. An aggregate of 
was accreted to the redemption value of public shares at the closing of the IPO. 

shares of non-redeemable
shares that are subject to forfeiture if the underwriter does not exercise over-allotment option. 

founder shares were no longer subject
to forfeiture. These shares were excluded from the calculation of weighted average shares outstanding until they were no longer subject
to forfeiture. 

F- 12 

Public Units, which includes the full exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option, at a price of
 per Public Unit. Each unit consists of one ordinary share, one-half of one redeemable warrant and one right. Each whole warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share for per share, subject to certain adjustment. No fractional warrants
will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Each right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth of
one ordinary share upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination (See Note 8). 

F- 13 

public shares sold as part
of the Public Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares if there is a stockholder
vote or tender offer in connection with the business combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with the Company s liquidation. In accordance with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in
ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption
to be classified outside of permanent equity. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants and public rights 

Offering costs of public shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Ordinary share subject to possible redemption 

Private Units in a private placement at per
Private Unit. The Private Units are identical to the units sold in the IPO, as each private unit consists of one share of ordinary shares
in the Company, and one right to receive one tenth (1/10) of a share of ordinary shares automatically upon the consummation of an initial
business combination, and one-half of one redeemable warrant, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary
share for per share. 

shares
of the Company s ordinary shares were issued to the sponsor at a price of approximately per share for an aggregate amount
of . In connection with the increase in the size of the offering, on December 20, 2021, the Company declared a share dividend
on each founder share thereby increasing the number of issued and outstanding founder shares to (up to of which are
subject to forfeiture) so as to maintain the number of founder shares at of the outstanding ordinary shares upon the consummation
of this offering, resulting in an effective purchase price per founder share after the share dividend of approximately . The per
share purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the aggregate number
of founder shares issued. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent
 of the outstanding shares after this offering (not including the shares issued to the underwriter at closing or the shares underlying
the private placement units). Since the over-allotment option has been fully exercised, the founder shares were no longer subject
to forfeiture on March 11, 2022. 

F- 14 

up to the consummation
of business combination, for the Company s use of its personnel and other administrative resources. Since inception through December
31, 2022, the Company had paid an aggregate of to the sponsor. 

principal amount unsecured promissory note to the Company s sponsor, On January 31, 2022, the Company issued a principal
amount unsecured promissory note to the Company s sponsor, On March 7, 2022, the Company issued a principal amount
unsecured promissory note to the Company s sponsor, and the Company had received such amounts as of issuance dates. The notes are
non-interest bearing, and due after the date on which this offering is consummated or the Company determines to abandon this offering.
On March 11, 2022, the loan was converted into part of the subscription of private placement at a price of 
per unit. The promissory notes were canceled and no amounts were owed under the notes. 

of the working
capital loan may be converted upon consummation of the Company s business combination into additional private units at a price of
 per unit. If the Company does not complete a business combination, the working capital loan will only be repaid with funds not
held in the trust account and only to the extent available. As of December 31, 2022, there was nil working capital loan outstanding. 

and respectively. The outstanding balance amount was at December 31, 2022, and this
amount was accrued as indicated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements; the balance amount was nil at December 31, 2021. 

F- 15 

excise
tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic
subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders
from whom shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the
time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market
value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain
exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide
regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act applies only to repurchases
that occur after December 31, 2022. 

per
Public Unit sold, totaling will be payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event
that the Company completes a business combination, without accrued interest. In the event that the Company does not close a business combination,
the representative underwriter forfeits its right to receive the commission. 

F- 16 

will be paid before the closing of the business combination and the balance will be due upon the closing of the business combination.
As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate of had been accrued into the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

will be paid upon the
closing of the business combination, based on an engagement agreement entered into by the Company and the provider of fairness opinion
concerning the terms of the business combination. 

ordinary shares with a par value of per share. 

shares
of the Company s ordinary shares were issued to the sponsor at a price of approximately per share for an aggregate of .
In connection with the increase in the size of the offering, on December 20, 2021, the Company declared a share dividend on each
founder share thereby increasing the number of issued and outstanding founder shares to (up to of which are subject
to forfeiture) so as to maintain the number of founder shares at of the outstanding shares of our ordinary shares upon the consummation
of this offering, resulting in an effective purchase price per founder share after the share dividend of approximately 0.014. The per
share purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the aggregate number
of founder shares issued. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent
 of the outstanding shares after this offering (not including the shares issued to the underwriter at closing or the shares underlying
the private placement units). Since the over-allotment option has been fully exercised, the founder shares were no longer subject
to forfeiture on March 11, 2022. 

units, which includes the full exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriter at a price of per Public Unit in the IPO;
and the Company sold to its sponsor an aggregate of Private Units at per Private Unit. Each Public Unit and Private Unit
consists of one ordinary share, one-half of one redeemable warrant and one right. 

F- 17 

shares of ordinary shares (the Representative Shares upon the closing of the IPO on March 11, 2022. The Company estimates
the fair value of Representative Shares to be in total, or per Representative Share. The Company accounted for the Representative
Shares as an expense of the IPO, resulting in a charge directly to stockholder s equity. The underwriter has agreed not to transfer,
assign, sell, pledge, or hypothecate any such Representative Shares, or subject such Representative Shares to hedging, short sale, derivative,
put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person until the completion of our initial
business combination. In addition, the underwriter has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to such shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months (or 15 months,
as applicable) from the closing of this offering. 

shares of ordinary shares issued and outstanding excluding shares subject to possible redemption. 

per share, subject to adjustment as described below, commencing days after the completion
of its initial business combination, and expiring five years from after the completion of an initial business combination. No fractional
warrant will be issued and only whole warrants will trade. 

per warrant upon 30 days notice, only in the event that the last sale price of the ordinary shares is at least 
(as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) per share for any 20 trading days within
a -trading day period ending on the third day prior to the date on which notice of redemption is given, provided there is an
effective registration statement and current prospectus in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants during
the 30 day redemption period. If the Company redeems the warrants as described above, management will have the option to require
all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. If a registration statement is not effective within
 days following the consummation of a business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants
on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is
not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis and in no event (whether in the case of a registration
statement being effective or otherwise) will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrant exercise. If an initial business combination
is not consummated, the warrants will expire and will be worthless. 

per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by
our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account
any founders shares held by the Company s initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance),
(b) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon,
available for the funding of the initial business combination on the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business
combination (net of redemptions), and (c) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s ordinary shares during
the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial business combination
is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher
of the market value and the newly issued price, and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the market value and the newly issued price. 

F- 18 

in order to receive shares for
all of the holders rights upon closing of a business combination. If the Company are unable to complete an initial business combination
within the required time period and liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds
with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to
such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the
holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to
net cash settle the rights. 

to RedOne Investment Limited, the Company s sponsor. The principal
shall be payable promptly on the earlier date on which either the Company consummates an initial business combination or has received
financing from other parties with no interest accrued, and the amount of does not have the conversion feature of converting into
additional Private Units, based on the description of the promissory note. 

in accordance with the terms of the Charter Amendment. In connection with the General Meeting, shareholders elected to
redeem a total of ordinary shares. An aggregate payment of was distributed from the Company s
Trust Account because of this redemption. 

with no interest bearing and was repayable on or before June 11, 2023 (the Repayment
Date ). The Company shall cause to issue bonus shares to the lender of the surviving company when completing the proposed
business combination with NMI, no later than the Repayment Date. 

to RedOne Investment Limited, the Company s sponsor. The principal shall be payable
promptly on the earlier date on which either the Company consummates an initial business combination or has received financing from other
parties with no interest accrued, and the amount of does not have the conversion feature of converting into additional Private
Units, based on the description of the promissory note. 

F-19 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-3_lakeshoreacq2.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.3 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As of December 31, 2022,
the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Lakeshore Acquisition II Corp. (the Company, we, 
 us, or our had four classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ): the Company s units, ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, warrants, and rights. 

The following description of the Company s capital stock and
provisions of the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and the Cayman Islands company law are summaries
and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and
the Cayman Islands company law. Copies of these documents have been filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to
which this description has been filed as an exhibit. 

General 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association authorizes the issuance of 500,000,000 ordinary shares, par value of US 0.0001 per share. As of the date of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, 6,374,089 ordinary shares are issued or outstanding. The following description summarizes all of the material terms
of our securities. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. For a complete description
you should refer to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which is filed as exhibits to this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Units 

Each unit has an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one ordinary
share, one-half of one redeemable warrant and one right. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share
at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the
units and only whole warrants will trade, so unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole
warrant. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of our initial business
combination, so you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. 

Private Units 

The private units (including the private rights, private warrants or
private shares issuable upon exercise of such rights and warrants warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days
after the completion of our initial business combination (except as described herein). Otherwise, the private units are identical to the
units sold in our initial public offering except that the private warrants will be entitled to registration rights. 

Ordinary Shares 

Our shareholders of record are entitled to one
vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. In connection with any vote held to approve our initial business
combination, our initial shareholders, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective ordinary shares
owned by them immediately prior to our initial public offering and any shares purchased in our initial public offering or following our
initial public offering in the open market in favor of the proposed business combination. 

We will consummate our initial business combination
only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon such consummation and, solely if a vote is held
to approve a business combination, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority
of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, will be required to approve the business combination. 

Our board of directors is divided into three classes:
Class I, Class II and Class III. The number of directors in each class shall be as nearly equal as possible. The Class I directors shall
stand appointed for a term expiring at our company s first annual general meeting, the Class II directors shall stand appointed
for a term expiring at our company s second annual general meeting and the Class III directors shall stand appointed for a term
expiring at our company s third annual general meeting. Commencing at our company s first annual general meeting, and at each
annual general meeting thereafter, directors appointed to succeed those directors whose terms expire shall be appointed for a term of
office to expire at the third succeeding annual general meeting after their appointment. There is no cumulative voting with respect to
the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares eligible to vote for the appointment of
directors can appoint all of the directors. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an
annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the
Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting
to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, if we do not consummate a business combination by 12 months (or 15 months, as applicable) from the consummation
of our initial public offering, we will redeem 100 of the public shares sold in our initial public offering. Our initial shareholders
have agreed to waive their rights to share in any distribution from the trust account with respect to their founders shares upon
our winding up, dissolution and liquidation. They will, however, participate in any liquidation distribution from the trust account with
respect to any ordinary shares acquired in, or following, our initial public offering. 

Our shareholders have no conversion, preemptive
or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that public
shareholders have the right to sell their shares to us in a tender offer or have their ordinary shares redeemed for cash equal to their
pro rata share of the trust account if they vote on the proposed business combination in connection with such business combination and
the business combination is completed. Public shareholders who sell or redeem their shares for their share of the trust account still
have the right to exercise the warrants that they received as part of the units. 

Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register
of members and there shall be entered therein: 

(a) the
names and addresses of the members and a statement of the shares held by each member which shall distinguish each share by its number,
confirm the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid on the shares of each member, confirm the number and category of shares held
by each member, and confirm whether each relevant category of shares held by a member carries the voting rights of the shares under the
articles of association of the company, and if so, whether such voting rights are conditional; 

(b) the
date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

(c) the
date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members
of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e. the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on
the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members shall be deemed as a matter of Cayman
Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of this public offering,
the register of members shall be immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members has been updated,
the shareholders recorded in the register of members shall be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. 

However, there are certain limited circumstances
where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct
legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be
rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order
for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject
to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

2 

Private shares 

Except as described in the paragraph below, the
private shares have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the ordinary shares being sold as part of the units in our initial
public offering. 

The private shares will not be transferable, assignable
or salable until after the completion of our initial business combination. The initial shareholders has agreed to (i) waive their
redemption rights with respect to their private shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) waive
their redemption rights with respect to their private shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our
public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months (or 15 months, as applicable) from the closing of
our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their private
shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months (or 15 months, as applicable) from the closing of our
initial public offering. We have issued to Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc. and/or its designees, 165,000 ordinary shares (the Representative
Shares ). Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc. has agreed not to transfer, assign, sell, pledge, or hypothecate any such Representative
Shares, or subject such Representative Shares to hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic
disposition of the securities by any person until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, Network 1 Financial
Securities, Inc. has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such shares if we
fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months (or 15 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public
offering. 

Public warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof
to purchase one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion
of an initial business combination. However, no public warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration
statement covering the issuance of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such
ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the issuance of the ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the public warrants is not effective within 90 days from the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders
may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective
registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities
Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The
warrants will expire five years from the closing of our initial business combination at 5:00 p.m., New York City time or earlier redemption. 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional ordinary
shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at
a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our
board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account
any founders shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate
gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding
of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the
Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of
the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

We may call the warrants for redemption in whole
and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant: 

The right to exercise will be forfeited unless
the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder
of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender of such
warrant. 

3 

The redemption criteria for our warrants have
been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide
a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as
a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants. 

If we call the warrants for redemption as described
above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. 
In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between
the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for
this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading
day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. For example, if a holder held 150 warrants
to purchase 150 shares and the fair market value on the trading date prior to exercise was 15.00, that holder would receive 35 shares
without the payment of any additional cash consideration. Whether we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their
warrants on a cashless basis will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our ordinary shares at the time
the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances. 

The warrants will be issued in registered form
under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement
provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective
provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants (including
the private warrants) in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The exercise price and number of ordinary shares
issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary
dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of
ordinary shares at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of
the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse
side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless
basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders
do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive
ordinary shares. After the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each
share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

Except as described above, no public warrants
will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue ordinary shares unless at the time a holder seeks to exercise such warrant,
a prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current and the ordinary shares have been registered
or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. Under the terms
of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current prospectus relating
to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that
we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants and we will not be required to settle any such warrant exercise. If the prospectus
relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the warrants is not current or if the ordinary shares is not qualified or
exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, we will not be required to net cash settle
or cash settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have no value, the market for the warrants may be limited and the warrants may expire
worthless. 

Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction
on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that,
after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 of the ordinary shares outstanding. 

4 

No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise
of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon
exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder, and the fractional
interest will be canceled. Therefore, you must separate your units in multiples of two to not have any fractional warrants canceled. 

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject
to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement
will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action,
proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Private warrants 

The private warrants have terms and provisions
that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. 

Our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of the founder shares and insider units (except to certain permitted transferees) until, with respect to 50 of the
founder shares and insider units, the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and
the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.50 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading
day period following the consummation of our initial business combination and, with respect to the remaining 50 of the founder shares
and insider units, six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier in each case if, subsequent
to our initial business combination, we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all
of our stockholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

With respect to the private warrants held by the
underwriters, for so long as such warrants are held by the underwriters, such warrants will not be exercisable more than five years from
the date of the prospectus for our IPO in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(G)(i). 

Rights included as part of units 

Except in cases where we are not the surviving
company in a business combination, each holder of a right will automatically receive one-tenth (1/10) of an ordinary share upon consummation
of our initial business combination, even if the holder of a public right converted all ordinary shares held by him, her or it in connection
with the initial business combination or an amendment to our certificate of incorporation with respect to our pre-business combination
activities. In the event we will not be the surviving company upon completion of our initial business combination, each holder of a right
will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one- tenth (1/10) of a share underlying each
right upon consummation of the business combination. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in
order to receive his, her or its additional ordinary shares upon consummation of an initial business combination. The shares issuable
upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of ours). If we enter into a definitive agreement
for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights
to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary shares will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into
ordinary share basis. 

We will not issue fractional shares in connection
with an exchange of rights. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon
closing of a business combination. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we
liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor
will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and the rights and warrants
will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon
consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, in no event will we be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly,
the rights and warrants may expire worthless. 

5 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary
shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to our initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings,
if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable
future. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our securities and warrant
agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, 1 State Street, New York, New York 10004. 

Listing of our Securities 

Our units, ordinary shares, warrants and rights
trade separately on Nasdaq under the symbols LBBBU, , LBBB LBBBW , and LBBBR, respectively. 

CERTAIN DIFFERENCES IN CORPORATE LAW 

Cayman Islands companies are
governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments,
and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences
between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and
their shareholders. 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements 

In certain circumstances,
the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company
and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where the merger or consolidation
is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing
certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually
a majority of 2/3 in value of the voting shares voted at a shareholder meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other
authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required
for a merger between a parent company (a company that holds issued shares that together represent at least 90 of the votes at a general
meeting of the subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of
a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied
that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies
will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

Where the merger or consolidation
involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands
exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements
set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the
foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements
of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed
and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that
no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign
company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has
been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended
or restricted. 

6 

Where the surviving company
is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration
to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign
company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidation is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured
creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the
surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived, (b) the transfer is permitted
by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company, and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction
of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the
merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction;
and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. 

Where the above procedures
are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid the fair value of their shares upon their dissenting
to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must
give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including
a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b)
within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give
written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice
from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details,
a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out
in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the
constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase
his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree to the price within 30
days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the
shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the
company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such
petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value
of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value
of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value.
Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination
of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters
holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation
system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national
securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

Moreover, Cayman Islands law
has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances. Schemes of
arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred
to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was
sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures
typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number
of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in
value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at
an annual general meeting, or an extraordinary general meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the general meetings and subsequently
the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the
right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement
if it satisfies itself that: 

we
are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have
been complied with; 

the
shareholders have been fairly represented at the general meeting in question; 

the
arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the
arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to
a fraud on the minority. 

7 

If a scheme of arrangement
or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights, which
would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations, providing rights to receive payment
in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares. 

Squeeze-out Provisions 

When a takeover offer is made
and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer is made within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period,
require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court
of the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment
of the shareholders. 

Further, transactions similar
to a merger, reconstruction or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions,
such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business. 

Shareholders Suits 

Harney Westwood Riegels,
our Cayman Islands counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions
have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most
cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers
or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities,
which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing
principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a
company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the
act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes
which have actually been obtained; or 

those
who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action
against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. 

Enforcement of civil liabilities 

The Cayman Islands has a different
body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, shareholders of Cayman
Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. 

We have been advised by Harney
Westwood Riegels, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce
against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the
United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon
the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by
those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments
obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money (or, in certain circumstances,
non-money) judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment
of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided
certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive, and
must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable
on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public
policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands
Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

8 

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies 

We are an exempted company
with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies.
Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered
as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions
and privileges listed below: 

annual
reporting requirements are minimal and consist mainly of a statement that the company has conducted its operations mainly outside of
the Cayman Islands and has complied with the provisions of the Companies Law; 

an
exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

an
exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an
exempted company may issue negotiable or bearer shares or shares with no par value; 

an
exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20
years in the first instance); 

an
exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; 

an
exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an
exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

Limited liability means that the
liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances,
such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which
a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES
OF ASSOCIATION 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections that will apply to us until the consummation
of a business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution
under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved
by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles
of association) of a company s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a shareholder meeting for which notice specifying
the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles
of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association provides that special resolutions must be approved either by not less than two-thirds of our shareholders
who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a
unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. The following are the material rights and protections contained in our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

the
right of public shareholders to exercise redemption rights and have their public shares repurchased in lieu of participating in a proposed
business combination (up to a maximum of 20 of the public shares sold in our IPO); 

a
prohibition against completing a business combination unless we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately prior to
or upon consummation of such business combination; 

9 

a
requirement that if we seek shareholder approval of any business combination, the approval
of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority
of ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting, must be obtained ; 

the
separation of our board of directors into three classes and the establishment of related procedures regarding the standing and appointment
of such directors; 

a
requirement that directors may call general meetings on their own accord and are required to call an extraordinary general meeting if
holders entitled to exercise 10 or more of the voting rights request such a general meeting; 

a
requirement that our management take all actions necessary to liquidate our trust account in the event we do not consummate a business
combination by 12 months (or 15 months) from the consummation of our IPO; 

a
prohibition, prior to a business combination, against our issuing (i) any ordinary shares or any securities convertible into ordinary
shares or (ii) any other securities (including preference shares) which participate in or are otherwise entitled in any manner to
any of the proceeds in the trust account or which vote as a class with the ordinary shares on a business combination; and 

the
limitation on shareholders rights to receive a portion of the trust account. 

Although we could amend
any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers
or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote. The foregoing is set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association and cannot be amended. 

10 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_lakeshoreacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Bill Chen, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report of Lakeshore Acquisition II Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
 December 31, 2022; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 (Paragraph
 omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Bill Chen 

Bill
 Chen 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_lakeshoreacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Bill Chen, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report of Lakeshore Acquisition II Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
 December 31, 2022; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 (Paragraph
 omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Bill Chen 

Bill
 Chen 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_lakeshoreacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Lakeshore Acquisition II Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Bill Chen, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To
 my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
 of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Bill Chen 

Bill
 Chen 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_lakeshoreacq2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Lakeshore Acquisition II Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Bill Chen, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To
 my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
 of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 

/s/
 Bill Chen 

Bill
 Chen 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 lbbb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 lbbb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 lbbb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 lbbb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 lbbb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

