<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1096056_0001096056-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25182309</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>329221</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>9755892</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6808062</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4155429</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3780297</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001096056-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301075637
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001096056-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		159
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LUXFER HOLDINGS PLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001096056
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL INORGANIC CHEMICALS [2810]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			X0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35370
		FILM NUMBER:		23689834

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		LUMNS LANE
		CITY:			MANCHESTER
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			M27 8LN
		BUSINESS PHONE:		44161300-0600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		LUMNS LANE
		CITY:			MANCHESTER
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			M27 8LN

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001096056-23-000009.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 lxfr-20221231.htm
 10-K

lxfr-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization I.R.S. Employer Identification No. 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of the Form 10-K or any amendment to the Form 10-K . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 
 Large accelerated filer Emerging growth company 
 Non accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to .10D-1(b). Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately based on the last reported sale price of such securities as of June 26, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second quarter. 
 The number of shares outstanding of Registrant s only class of ordinary stock on December 31, 2022, was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 10 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 24 
 Item 2. Properties 24 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 24 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 24 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 25 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 26 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 43 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 45 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 89 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 89 
 Item 9B. Other Information 89 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 91 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 92 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 92 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 92 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 92 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 92 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 93 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 94 
 Signatures 95 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Background and business overview 
 
 Luxfer Holdings PLC ("Luxfer," "the Company," "we," "our") is a global industrial company innovating niche applications in materials engineering. Luxfer focuses on value creation by using its broad array of technical know-how and proprietary technologies to help create a safe, clean and energy-efficient world. Luxfer's high-performance materials, components and high-pressure gas containment devices are used in defense, first response and healthcare, transportation and general industrial applications. 
 We focus primarily on product lines related to magnesium alloys, zirconium chemicals and carbon composites. We have a long history of innovation derived from our strong technical expertise, and we work closely with customers to apply solutions to their most demanding product needs. Our proprietary technologies and technical expertise, coupled with strong customer service and global presence, provide competitive advantages and have established us as leaders in the global markets we serve. We believe that we have leading positions in key product areas, including magnesium alloys and powders for aerospace, military, and commercial applications, zirconium chemicals for automotive catalytic converters and industrial catalysis, high-pressure composite cylinders for self-contained breathing apparatus, as well as transport and storage of compressed natural gas ("CNG") and hydrogen, photo-engraving plates, and a wide variety of other uses. 
 We have a global presence, operating 13 manufacturing plants in the U.S., the U.K., Canada and China, one of which relates to discontinued operations, and we also have a joint venture in Japan. We employ approximately 1,400 people, including temporary staff, of which fewer than 50 support our discontinued operations. In 2022, our net sales from continuing operations were 423.4 million (2021: 374.1 million, 2020: 324.8 million), and our net income from continuing operations was 32.0 million (2021: 30.0 million, 2020: 20.8 million). 
 Luxfer operates in two business segments - Elektron and Gas Cylinders. 
 Elektron Segment 
 Our Elektron Segment focuses on specialty materials based primarily on magnesium and zirconium. In 2022, sales from our Elektron Segment represented approximately 57 (2021: 52 , 2020: 56 of our consolidated net sales from continuing operations. Our top ten customers represented 40 of segment sales. No singular customer represented 10 or more of our Elektron Segment sales. 
 Key product lines include: 
 Advanced lightweight, corrosion-resistant and heat- and flame-resistant magnesium alloys for use in aerospace, healthcare and oil and gas applications. 
 Magnesium powders used in countermeasure flares that protect aircraft from heat-seeking missiles and also for heating pads for self-heating meals used by the military and emergency-relief agencies. 
 High-performance zirconium-based materials and oxides used as catalysts and in the manufacture of advanced ceramics, fiber-optic fuel cells, pharmaceuticals and many other performance products. 
 Magnesium, copper, and zinc photo-engraving plates for graphic arts and luxury packaging. 
 Gas Cylinders Segment 
 Our Gas Cylinders Segment manufactures and markets specialized, highly-engineered cylinders using carbon composites and aluminum alloys. In 2022, sales from our Gas Cylinders Segment represented approximately 43 (2021: 48 , 2020: 44 of our consolidated net sales. Our top ten customers represented 53.9 of segment sales. Two customers represented 12 of our Gas Cylinders Segment sales. No other singular customer represented greater than 10 of Gas Cylinders Segment sales. 
 Key product lines include: 
 Carbon fiber composite cylinders for self-contained breathing apparatus (SCBA), used by firefighters and other emergency-responders. Our products are also used by scuba divers and personnel in potentially hazardous environments, such as mines. 
 Carbon fiber composite cylinders for compressed natural gas (CNG) and hydrogen containment in alternative fuel (AF) vehicles. 
 Cylinders used for the containment of oxygen and other medical gases used by patients, healthcare facilities and laboratories. 
 
 1 

Our U.S. aluminum gas cylinder business was sold in March 2021, our Superform U.K. business was sold in September 2021, and we expect our Superform U.S. business to be sold within the next twelve months. As a result, only our Superform U.S. business remains on the balance sheet as held-for-sale at December 31, 2022. Results from the three operations were disclosed as discontinued in the income statement for the corresponding years' of ownership. 
 All information included within this section relates to continuing operations, unless otherwise stated. 
 Financial Information about Segments and Geographic Areas 
 See Note 17 ("Segment Information") to our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our operating segments and our geographic areas. 
 Suppliers and raw materials 
 Update on global macro environment and related impact on supply chain disruption. 
 Demand from most end-markets we serve has continued to improve following the adverse impact of COVID-19 on volumes. This recovery in demand across the global macro environment following the onset of COVID-19 has resulted in supply chain challenges characterized by significant increases in cost of key inputs, including magnesium, aluminum, carbon fiber and energy, material and labor availability issues and transport cost increases. Additionally, during 2022 two critical suppliers for our Elektron Segment of magnesium and zirconium, respectively, had enforced force majeure, a standard clause in contracts to remove liability for unexpected and unavoidable catastrophes that interrupt the normal course of business and prevent participants from fulfilling contractual obligations. The force majeure for magnesium was declared in 2021 and remains in place, impacting our U.S. domestic procurement of this key material. The continuing conflict in Ukraine, which has resulted in punitive sanctions against the Russian Federation, has further exacerbated the availability and price of certain raw materials and energy supplies. 
 In response to these supply chain disruptions, we have secured alternative sources of supply for key material inputs affected by force majeure and have built additional raw material inventory throughout the year. Furthermore, in the majority of cases, we are able to pass through raw material inflation to our customers. Currently, we expect the impact of material availability and inflation, as well as energy cost inflation and labor and transport constraints to continue through 2023. We also expect to be able to source sufficient material to meet demand and in the majority of cases, we expect to be able to pass on cost increases to our customers. However, the outlook remains uncertain with both the size and timing of future cost increases difficult to predict. 
 Impact of conflict in Ukraine 
 The Russian invasion of Ukraine and ongoing military conflict which commenced on February 24, 2022, has resulted in displacement of the Ukrainian population and disruption to the Ukrainian economy. Wide ranging sanctions have been imposed on the Russian Federation by the international community, targeting individuals, banks, businesses, funds transfers and imports and exports and are expected to have a significant adverse impact on Russia's economy as well as on international businesses active in the region. Currently, we do not expect the impact on Luxfer from these developments to be significant. We hold no direct operations in the region, and our sales to Russia and Ukraine combined represent less than one percent of total revenue by destination. Furthermore, neither country is a critical supplier of our raw materials. While Russia is a major global exporter of magnesium, we are able to source the metal from various alternative locations, including China, Israel and Turkey. Historically, we also sourced magnesium domestically, however, due to the force majeure declared by U.S. Magnesium LLC, the only U.S. producer of magnesium, in 2021, we currently cannot source from the U.S. 
 Elektron Segment 
 Key raw materials used by our Elektron Segment are magnesium, zircon sand and rare earths. 
 The world demand for magnesium is around one million metric tons per year. China provides about 80 of the world supply. Production outside of China, however, is significant, including, Dead Sea Magnesium in Israel, RIMA Industrial in Brazil, and smaller producers in Turkey and Russia. We purchase approximately 40 of our magnesium needs from China. We historically used only U.S.-sourced materials for our products sold to the U.S. military, for which U.S. sourcing is mandatory. However, given the current force majeure declared by our U.S. supplier of magnesium, we are in the process of qualifying non-U.S.-sourced material for sale to the U.S. military. 
 We generally purchase raw materials from suppliers on a spot basis under previously contracted terms and conditions. We have long-term supply contracts in place with U.S. Magnesium for raw material purchases of magnesium ingot for both military and commercial applications. The military contract covers magnesium purchases through December 31, 2023, whereas the commercial contract covers purchases through December 
 2 

31, 2023. However, given the current force majeure declared by U.S. Magnesium LLC, we do not know when or if we will be able to recommence the magnesium ingot purchases specified under this contract. 
 We purchase and process zircon sand, which is found in heavy-minerals sand, titanium dioxide and other products. Global production of zircon sand is estimated at approximately 1.5 million metric tons. We source premium-grade zircon sand from suppliers in South Africa, Senegal, Indonesia and Australia. We also purchase intermediate zirconium chemicals from suppliers in China. The level of these purchases is based on a number of factors, including required properties and relative market prices. During part of 2022, one of our suppliers of zircon sand had enforced force majeure. 
 There are 17 rare earth metals that are commonly found in nature. Usually mixed together with other mineral deposits, these rare earths exhibit magnetic and light-emitting properties that make them invaluable to high-technology manufacturers. These rare earth metals are used as ingredients in our zirconium chemical and magnesium alloy products. Our largest rare earth requirement is cerium, which we use in automotive catalysis compounds because of its unique oxygen-storage capabilities. 
 Gas Cylinders Segment 
 Key raw materials used in the Gas Cylinders Segment include high-strength carbon fiber and aluminum. Our main carbon fiber suppliers are Toray and Mitsubishi. In recent years, the carbon fiber has experienced periods of tight supply conditions due to increased demand for commercial aerospace, military and clean energy applications. Over time, we have built relationships with our suppliers, providing them predictable requirements and annual contracts that help to ensure procurement of our required volume of carbon fiber. 
 In 2022, we purchased approximately 40 of our aluminum from Rio Tinto Alcan and its associated companies. Aluminum represented approximately 35 of Gas Cylinders Segment's raw material costs in 2022. The price of aluminum, and carbon fiber, has been volatile in the past and has increased substantially in 2022. While we generally have passed through changes in input costs to our customers, some of our Gas Cylinders Segment contracts contain look-back provisions that result in a lag to our ability to adjust pricing for changes in input costs. 
 3 

Our end-markets 
 Key end-markets for Luxfer products fall into three categories: 
 Transportation (31 of 2022 sales): Many Luxfer products serve a growing need to improve and safeguard the environment in the field of transportation, including our (i) lightweight, high-pressure carbon composite cylinders that contain compressed natural gas and hydrogen; (ii) zirconium-based products that reduce automotive and other emissions; and (iii) lightweight magnesium alloys used in fuel-efficient aerospace and automotive designs. 
 Area of Focus Product End-market drivers Alternative fuels AF cylinders and systems 
 
 Bulk gas storage transportation cylinders and systems 
 Clean energy initiatives 
 Availability and pricing of natural gas and hydrogen 
 
 Increasing adoption of hydrogen as fuel source for public transport, particularly in Europe 
 
 Growing availability of CNG filling infrastructure 
 Environmental catalysis (cleaning of exhaust emissions) Zirconium compounds used in automotive catalytic converters 
 Legislation and regulation aimed at reducing emissions from internal combustion engines, including gasoline particulate filtration 
 Pricing of zirconium compounds compared to the use of precious metals 
 
 Increasing demand for gasoline-electric hybrid vehicles 
 
 Civil and military aerospace Elektron aerospace alloys in cast, extruded, and sheet form 
 Growth in the global aircraft market 
 Emphasis on reducing the weight of aircraft components to increase fuel efficiency 

4 

Defense, First Response Healthcare (32 of 2022 sales): Luxfer offers many products that help to protect people, equipment and property in hazardous conditions, conflicts and emergencies. These products include magnesium powders used for countermeasure flares that defend aircraft against heat-seeking missiles, flameless ration heaters used in meals Ready-to-Eat, cylinders used in SCBA equipment for firefighters and other emergency service personnel, and chemical detection and decontamination products. Other products include lightweight gas cylinders for containment of medical and laboratory gases, zirconium powders for pharmaceutical products, magnesium materials for lightweight orthopedic devices, specialized magnesium alloys for the automotive industry, and zirconium materials for biomedical applications and dental implants. 
 Area of Focus Product End-market drivers Life-support breathing apparatus Composite cylinders used in self-contained breathing apparatus ("SCBA") Increased awareness of importance of properly equipping firefighting services 
 Demand for lightweight products to upgrade from heavy all-metal cylinders 
 
 Periodic upgrade of new U.S. National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) standards and natural replacement cycles 
 
 Asian and European fire services looking to adopt more modern SCBA equipment 
 Military countermeasure flares Ultra-fine magnesium powders for flares used to protect aircraft from attack by heat-seeking missiles 
 Military combat and training exercises 
 Maintenance of countermeasures reserves (shelf-life restrictions) 
 Support of personnel in hazardous conditons Self-heating meals used by military personnel and emergency-relief agencies 
 
 Chemical detection and chemical decontamination kits 
 Ensuring protection and well-being for military personnel and victims of natural disasters 
 Military combat and training 
 Medical gases Portable aluminum and composite cylinders Demand for lightweight products to upgrade from heavy all-metal cylinders 
 Growing trend to provide oxygen therapy in the home and to keep patients mobile 
 Orthopedics Magnesium sheets 
 Improved mobility through use of easy-to-wear, lightweight braces and trusses 
 Pharmaceuticals MELsorb material used in dialysis equipment and enterosorbents 
 
 Zirconium compounds as a base material for pharmaceutical applications 
 New technologies to remove noxious elements from the body 

5 

General industrial (37 of 2022 sales): Our core technologies serve various industrial markets and applications. These products include zirconium-based compounds to purify drinking water and clean industrial exhausts; magnesium alloys shaped for use in various general engineering applications; and high-pressure gas cylinders used for high-purity specialty gases, beverage dispensing, scuba diving and performance racing. Our metal foil-stamping and embossing dies are used primarily for luxury packaging, labels and greeting cards. Our high-quality magnesium, copper, brass and zinc plates are ideal for these and other graphic applications. 
 Area of Focus Product End-market drivers General engineering Magnesium billets, sheets, coil, tooling plates 
 
 Zirconium ceramic compounds for hard working components 
 Need for components to operate in more extreme environments for longer periods, such as underground or in the ocean Hydraulic fracturing or "fracking" Dissolvable SoluMag magnesium alloy 
 Onshore oil and gas exploration 
 
 Paper Bacote and Zirmel , both formaldehyde-free insolubilizers that aid high-quality printing 
 Elimination of toxic chemicals 
 Graphic arts Photo-engraving plates 
 Luxury packaging as part of marketing high-end products 
 
 Our competitive advantages 
 Focus on innovation and product development for growing specialized end-markets. We continue to produce a steady stream of new products, including those developed in close collaboration with our customers. 
 Strong technical expertise and know-how. Using our expertise in metallurgy and material science, we specialize in advanced materials, developing products with superior performance to satisfy the most demanding requirements in the most extreme environments. Further, we benefit from the growth in the number of our patented products, including many of our alloys and compounds. 
 Diversified customer base with long-standing relationships. We put the customer at the heart of our strategy, and we have long-standing relationships with many of our customers, including global leaders in our key markets. 
 Launch of the Luxfer Business System. The Luxfer Business System serves as a tool to realize growth potential embedded in our business. The system places emphasis on serving the customer and profitable growth, consisting of the following key themes: 
 Commercial Excellence 
 Lean Operations 
 Innovation 
 Sustainability 
 People Excellence 
 Strategy Deployment 

6 

Seasonality 
 Historically, we have shutdown periods at most of our manufacturing sites, during which we carry out maintenance work. Shutdowns typically last two weeks in the summer and one to two weeks around the year-end holidays, resulting in reduced levels of activity in the second half of the year compared to the first half. Third quarter and fourth quarter sales and operating profit can be affected by our own manufacturing site shutdowns and by shutdowns of various industrial customers. We also operate in various geographic areas that are susceptible to bad weather during winter months, such as Calgary, Canada, and various U.S. eastern states. Bad weather can unexpectedly disrupt production and shipments from our manufacturing facilities, which can lead to reduced revenue and operating profit. Additionally, we manufacture products that are used in graphic arts and premium packaging, seasonal demand for which increases ahead of the year-end holidays. 
 Research and Development 
 Luxfer recognizes the importance of research in materials science and the need to develop innovative new products to meet future needs of customers and to grow sales and operating profit. Each year, we invest in the development of new products and processes directed towards our end-markets. Our product development projects also include utilizing skills of our wider commercial technical sales staff, manufacturing engineers and general management, many of whom are highly qualified scientists and engineers. A large proportion of senior sales and management time is spent overseeing development of products and working with customers on integrating our products and solutions into their product designs. 
 To provide customers with improving products and services, we invest in new technology and research and employ some of the world's leading specialists in materials science and metallurgy. Our engineers and metallurgists collaborate closely with our customers to design, develop and manufacture our products. We also co-sponsor ongoing research programs at major universities in the U.S., Canada and Europe. Thanks to the ingenuity of our own research and development teams, Luxfer has developed a steady stream of new products, most recently including: 
 Soluble magnesium alloys, branded SoluMag , for down-well oil and gas applications; 
 Ultra-lightweight large composite cylinders, branded G-Stor TM , for containment of CNG, hydrogen, helium and other gases; 
 AF systems solutions for buses, trucks and bulk gas transportation; 
 Zirconium catalysts for automotive end-use, including advances in gasoline particulate filtration used in hybrid vehicles; 
 L7X high-strength aluminum alloy and carbon composite gas cylinders; 
 Luxfer ECLIPSE, a new carbon composite cylinders for firefighter self-contained breathing apparatus (SCBA); and 
 Unitized Group Ration - Express (UGR-E) heater meals developed to deliver hot meals to multiple soldiers in a combat or training environment. 
 We believe that our commitment to research and new product development, through dedicated resources and significant use of management's time, forms the core of Luxfer's growth potential. This commitment reflects our strategy of focusing on high-performance, value-added products and markets as well as leveraging our collaboration with universities. We invest in developing products for end-markets that we believe hold long-term growth potential. 
 7 

Intellectual Property 
 Luxfer relies on a combination of patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, and proprietary manufacturing processes and design rights, together with non-disclosure agreements and technical measures, to establish and protect proprietary rights in our products. Our Elektron Segment holds key patents related to protected applications, including numerous aerospace alloys and magnesium-gadolinium alloys, as well as patents related to environmental applications, including water-treatment products and our specialized G4 process used to manufacture zirconium-cerium oxides for emissions-control catalysts. The Elektron Segment also has patented technology for magnesium-based flameless heater pads used to heat meals and beverages. Key patents held by our Gas Cylinders Segment relate to composites and alloys for pressurized hollow bodies. No individual patent or such intellectual property is considered material to either the Elektron or Gas Cylinders Segment. 
 In certain areas, we rely more heavily upon trade secrets and unpatented proprietary know-how than patent protection in order to establish and maintain our competitive advantage. We generally enter into non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements with our employees and subcontractors, as well as our customers and vendors. 
 Human Capital Management 
 The Company employed approximately 1,400 people as of December 31, 2022, fewer than 50 of whom support our discontinued operations. Of the approximately 1,350 employees associated with continuing operations, approximately 750 are employed in the United States and 600 are employed internationally. 
 Attracting and retaining talent remains a challenge in the post-COVID landscape. To succeed in today s competitive labor market, Luxfer takes a proactive approach to human capital management by pursuing several priorities that we believe are critical in recruiting, retaining, motivating, and developing top talent. Such priorities include: (i) ensuring occupational health and safety; (ii) providing opportunities for professional growth and development; (iii) maintaining diverse and inclusive workplaces; and (iv) promoting financial, physical, and emotional well-being. 
 Our Board of Directors and Executive Leadership Team play a key role in setting our human capital management strategy and driving accountability for meaningful progress. Informed by data, our human capital management initiatives are supported by local leadership, with significant functional oversight by our local human resource teams. All Luxfer facilities collect data on employee retention, talent acquisition, training, and safety. Metrics are recorded quarterly on our internal scorecard and are reported to executive management regularly. 
 Occupational Health and Safety 
 Luxfer is committed to safeguarding the health and safety of our employees at work. We have well-defined health and safety policies and procedures that are reinforced by ongoing employee training. We conduct annual on-site audits to identify and manage environmental health and safety risks, as well as to evaluate compliance with regulatory requirements and Luxfer policy. All functional business units report metrics to assess health and safety performance, which are reviewed regularly by executive leadership and management. In fiscal year 2022, the Company had eight Lost Time Accidents and an Incident Frequency Rate of 1.59 with zero work-related fatalities. 
 Professional Growth and Development 
 Providing opportunities for professional growth and development is key to Luxfer s retention strategy. Luxfer maintains talent and succession planning processes, including regular review by the Executive Leadership Team and reports to the Board of Directors. We operate leadership and management development programs, which provide a consistent approach to the development to the Company s future leaders and managers. With a multi-faceted curriculum, these programs develop critical problem-solving, communication, management, and leadership skills. Luxfer also maintains training and development programs for employees at the workforce level, in addition to regular coaching and support from their supervisor and performance evaluations. To further support their career aspirations, employees can access Luxfer s online learning platform which offers over 180,000 courses, videos, and books designed to strengthen critical business, leadership, productivity, and computer software skills. 
 
 8 

Diverse and Inclusive Workplaces 
 The professional conduct of our employees furthers the Company s mission, promotes productivity, minimizes disputes, and enhances our reputation. As such, the Company is committed to creating and maintaining a diverse, global workforce that provides fair and equitable opportunities, thereby advancing Luxfer s innovation culture and customer first values. With continued focus on diversity and equity, Luxfer s diversity initiatives include, but are not limited to, practices and policies on recruitment and selection, including targeted sourcing of personnel from diverse backgrounds; compensation and benefits; professional development and training; advancement opportunities; and the ongoing development of a diverse and inclusive work environment. All Luxfer personnel are required to complete a variety of anti-harassment, non-discrimination, diversity, and unconscious bias trainings annually. Luxfer s talent acquisition teams and hiring managers undergo additional training to ensure that a diverse slate of candidates is considered for all job openings. Further, Luxfer monitors the composition of its current workforce for diversity, age, and gender demographics. This data is used to enhance employment and recruitment practices and is continually improved to ensure that a diverse and talented workforce is maintained. 
 Financial, Physical, and Emotional Well-Being 
 Fair Wages and Competitive Benefits: Luxfer offers competitive base pay and, depending on position, variable incentive pay associated with both Company and individual performance. Full-time employees and, in some cases, part-time employees who have met the minimum hours of service requirement are eligible to participate in various retirement savings plans, such as the Company s 401(k) defined contribution plan in the U.S. and various pension schemes available to U.K. employees. We also offer paid time off, group medical, dental, and vision plans, in addition to various life, disability and paid family and sick leave options, which vary by jurisdiction. 
 Employee Share Plans: Luxfer encourages participation in its U.S. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) and U.K. Share Incentive Plan (SIP), which provide employees an opportunity to become Luxfer shareholders at a reduced price. Under the ESPP, U.S. employees can purchase Company stock at a 15 discount through payroll deductions. Under the SIP, U.K. employees can purchase company stock through payroll deductions and, in turn, the Company matches one free share per every two shares purchased. 
 Fitness and Wellness Programs: Luxfer is proud to offer several optional fitness and wellness programs and healthy living incentives to our employees. Our Employee Healthy Lifestyle Program is available to U.S. employees and offers partial reimbursement for certain gym and fitness center memberships, weight loss programs, and group exercise classes. U.S. employees are also eligible to participate in a smoking cessation program through which employees who complete a 90-day program are rewarded with lower insurance rates. 
 Emotional Well-Being: We support the social and emotional health of our employees by providing access to wellness clinics and funded mental health counseling services. As a part of Luxfer s group medical insurance plan, U.S. employees have convenient access to live video visits with a board-certified doctors or licensed therapists. Luxfer also offers access to the Employee Assistance Program, which connects employees and their families with credentialed counselors, free of charge, to provide a variety of work-life services and resources for family matters, including legal assistance, financial budgeting, and more. 
 Available Information 
 Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q , Current Reports on Form 8-K and any exhibits or amendments to such are made available, free of charge, on our website at http://www.luxfer.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Information on our website is not incorporated by reference herein and is not made a part of this report. 
 Financial and other material information regarding the Company is routinely posted and accessible on our website at http://www.luxfer.com/investors. 
 
 9 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or those we currently view to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. See also "Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" for certain warnings regarding forward-looking information contained in this document. 
 Economic and Industry risks 
 Our results of operations may be negatively impacted by the ensuing effects of the coronavirus disease pandemic, as well as the subsequent adverse impact on availability of key inputs and associated cost inflation. 
 Activity in most of the end markets we serve improved throughout 2021 and continued to improve in 2022 following the global COVID-19 outbreak. The sharp recovery in demand across the global macro environment has resulted in supply chain challenges characterized by significant increases in material cost inflation on key inputs (including magnesium, aluminum and carbon fiber), labor availability issues and energy and transport cost increases. Currently, our expectation is that the impact of material and energy cost inflation and labor and transport constraints will continue into 2023. While we aim to pass on cost increases to customers through increased price, there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so in all circumstances (see: We are exposed to fluctuations in the costs of the raw materials that are used to manufacture our products, and such fluctuations could lead us to incur unexpected costs and could affect our margins and / or working capital requirements , and failure to do so could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 We depend on certain end-markets, including automotive, alternative fuels, self-contained breathing apparatus ("SCBA"), aerospace, defense, healthcare, oil and gas and printing and paper. An economic downturn, or regulatory changes, in any of those end-markets, could reduce sales and profit margins on those end-markets. 
 We have significant exposures to certain end-markets, including some end-markets that are cyclical in nature or subject to high levels of regulatory control, including automotive, SCBA, aerospace and defense. Dependence of either of our segments on certain end-markets is even more pronounced. 
 To the extent that any of these cyclical end-markets are in decline, at a low point in their economic cycle, or subject to regulatory change, sales and margins on those sales may be adversely affected. It is possible that all or most of these end-markets could be in decline at the same time, i.e. during an economic downturn. Any significant reduction in sales could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 Our global operations expose us to economic conditions, potential tax costs, political risks and specific regulations or restrictions in the countries in which we operate, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 We derive our sales and earnings from operations in many countries and are subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. We have wholly-owned operations in the U.S., the U.K., Canada and China, as well as a joint venture in Japan. Doing business in different countries has risks, including the potential for adverse changes in the local, social, political, financial or regulatory climate, difficulty in staffing and managing geographically diverse operations, and the costs of complying with a variety of laws and regulations. For example, the Russian invasion of Ukraine and ongoing military conflict which commenced on February 24, 2022, has resulted in massive displacement of the Ukrainian population and huge disruption to its economy. Wide ranging sanctions have been imposed on the Russian Federation by the international community, targeting individuals, banks, businesses, funds transfers and imports and exports and are expected to have a significant adverse impact on Russia's economy as well as on international businesses active in the region. The impact on Luxfer in 2022 was not significant as we have no direct operations in the region, and our sales to Russia and Ukraine combined typically represent less than one percent of total revenue by destination. Furthermore, neither country is a critical supplier of our raw material needs, and while Russia is a major global exporter of magnesium, we are able to source the metal from various alternative locations, including China, Israel, Turkey and the United States. However, this has caused macro-economic disruption which could adversely affect the Company and/or our supply chain, business partners or customers. 
 10 

Due to the fact we have operations in many countries, we are also liable to pay taxes in many fiscal jurisdictions. Our tax burden depends on the interpretation of local tax regulations, bilateral or multilateral international tax treaties and the administrative doctrines in each jurisdiction. Changes in these tax regulations may increase our tax burden, or otherwise affect our accounting for taxes. For example, in March 2021, the U.K. government announced an increase in the statutory rate of Corporation tax from the current 19 to 25 , which will take effect from April 2023, and is expected to increase the future tax burden on earnings from our U.K. operations. 
 The principal markets for our products are located in North America, Europe and Asia, and any financial difficulties experienced in these markets may have a material adverse impact on our businesses. For example, the maturity of some of our markets, such as the U.S. market for photo-engraving plates, could require us to increase sales in developing regions, which may involve greater economic and political risks. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to expand sales in these regions. Any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 Our operations rely on a number of large customers in certain areas of our business, and the loss of any of our major customers could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 If we fail to maintain our relationships with our major customers, or fail to replace lost customers, or if there is reduced demand from our customers or for products produced by our customers, such failures or reduced demand could materially reduce our sales. In addition, we could experience a reduction in sales if any of our customers fail to perform or default on any payment pursuant to our contracts with them. Long-term relationships with customers are especially important for suppliers of intermediate materials and components such as ourselves. We often work closely with customers to develop products that meet particular specifications as part of the design of a product intended for an end-user market. The bespoke nature of many of our products could make it difficult to replace lost customers. Our top 10 customers accounted for approximately 31 of our net sales in 2022. Any significant reduction in sales or cus tomer payment default could have an adverse material impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 We depend upon our larger suppliers for a significant portion of our raw materials, and a loss of one of these suppliers, or a significant supply interruption could negatively impact our financial performance. 
 We rely, to varying degrees, on major suppliers for some of the principal raw materials of our engineered products, including aluminum, zirconium and carbon fi ber. For example, in 2022, we obtained approximately 42 of our aluminum from Rio Tinto Alcan and its associated companies. Moreover, demand for carbon fiber is increasing, which has led to occasional periods of short supply in recent years with a number of expanding applications competing for the same supply of this specialized raw material. Our largest suppliers of carbon fiber are Toray and Grafil, a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Chemical. For additional details of some of our major suppliers (see ITEM 1 - Suppliers and raw materials). 
 We generally purchase raw materials from suppliers on a spot basis under standard terms and conditions. We also enter into supply contracts with Rio Tinto Alcan for a substantial portion of our aluminum requirements. In addition, we have supply contracts in place with U.S. Magnesium for raw material purchases of magnesium ingot for both military and commercial applications. In 2021 U.S. magnesium entered force majeure and deliveries reduced up until late 2022, when they ceased completely, with an expectation that they would not recommence until the second half of 2023. We successfully secured and qualified magnesium from alternative sources to meet requirements for both military and commercial applications for the remainder of 2023. 
 An interruption in the supply of essential raw materials used in our production processes or an increase in the costs of raw materials due to market shortages, supplier financial difficulties, government quotas or natural disturbances, could significantly affect our ability to provide competitively priced products to customers in a timely manner. For example, the significant increase in demand for materials and energy stemming from the post-COVID economic recovery and current conflict in Ukraine has resulted in significant constraints on availability of key inputs such as magnesium, aluminum and energy supplies with a consequent spike in prices. In the event of a significant interruption in the supply of any materials used in our production processes, or a significant increase in their prices, we may have to purchase these materials from alternative sources, build additional inventory of raw materials, increase our prices, reduce our margins or possibly fail to fill customer orders by deadlines required in contracts, which could result in, among other things, contractual penalties. We can provide no assurance that we would be able to obtain replacement materials quickly on similar terms or at all. Failure to maintain relationships with key suppliers or to develop relationships with alternative suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 In in the prior year we were faced with two critical suppliers of magnesium and zirconium respectively declaring force majeure, of which the former remains in place. We have been successful in securing alternative sources of supply for key material inputs affected by force majeure, although typically at an increased cost. 
 11 

We are exposed to fluctuations in the costs of the raw materials that are used to manufacture our products, and such fluctuations could lead us to incur unexpected costs and could affect our margins and / or working capital requirements. 
 Fluctuations in the costs of raw materials could affect margins and working capital requirements in the businesses in which we use them, see ITEM 7A. We cannot always pass on cost increases or increase our prices to offset these cost increases immediately or at all, whether because of fixed-price agreements with customers, competitive pressures that restrict our ability to pass on cost increases or increase prices, or other factors. It can be particularly difficult to pass on cost increases or increase prices in product areas such as gas cylinders, where competitors offer similar products made from alternative materials, such as steel, if those materials are not subject to the same cost increases. Higher prices necessitated by large increases in raw material costs could make our current or future products unattractive compared to competing products made from alternative materials that have not been so affected by raw material cost increases, or compared to products produced by competitors who have not incurred such large increases in their raw material costs. 
 If, for example, the cost of aluminum or carbon fiber were to rise, we may not be able pass those cost increases on to our customers or manage the exposure effectively through hedging instruments. From time to time we use derivative financial instruments to hedge our exposures to fluctuations in aluminum costs. Although it is our treasury policy to enter into these transactions only for hedging and not for speculative purposes, we are exposed to market risk and credit risk with respect to the use of these derivative financial instruments, see ITEM 7A. 
 In the past several years and during 2022, we have made additional purchases of large stocks of magnesium alloys in an effort to delay the effect of potentially increased costs in the future. However, even though such purchases are not made for speculative purposes, there can be no assurance that costs will move as expected. Moreover, these strategic purchases increase our working capital needs, thus reducing our liquidity and cash flow. Accordingly, a substantial increase in raw material costs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 Changes in foreign exchange rates could reduce profit margins on our sales and reduce the reported sales of our non-U.S. operations and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We conduct a large portion of our commercial transactions, purchases of raw materials and sales of goods in various countries and regions, including the U.S., the U.K., continental Europe, Australia and Asia. Our manufacturing operations based in the U.S. and Asia usually purchase raw materials and sell goods denominated in their local currency, but our manufacturing operations in the U.K. often purchase raw materials and sell products in different currencies. Changes in the relative values of currencies can decrease the profits of our subsidiaries when they incur costs in currencies that are different from the currencies in which they generate all or part of their revenue. These transaction risks principally arise as a result of purchases of raw materials in U.S. dollars, coupled with sales of products to customers in euros. This impact is most pronounced in our exports to continental Europe from the U.K. In 2022, our U.K. operations sold approximately 53 million of goods into the Eurozone . Our policy is to hedge a portion of our net exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates with forward foreign currency exchange contracts. Therefore, we are exposed to market risk and credit risk through the use of derivative financial instruments. Moreover, any failure of hedging policies could negatively impact our profits, and thus damage our ability to fund our operations and to service our indebtedness. Exchange rate volatility continues to be experienced against a background of the COVID-19 pandemic and U.K. political uncertainty, and continued volatility is to be expected. 
 In addition to subsidiaries in the U.S., we have operating subsidiaries located in the U.K., Canada, China and Australia, as well as a joint venture in Japan, each of whose revenue, costs, assets and liabilities are denominated in local currencies. As our consolidated financial statements are reported in U.S. d ollars, we are exposed to fluctuations in those currencies when those amounts are translated to U.S. dollars for purposes of reporting our consolidated financial statements, which may cause declines in results of operations. The largest risk is from our operations in the U.K., which, in 2022, generated an operating profit of 6.4 million and sales of 176 million. F luctuations in exchange rates, particularly between the U.S. dollar and GBP sterling (which has been subject to significant fluctuations, as described above), can have a material effect on our consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet. In 2022, movements in the average U.S. dollar exchange rate had a negative impact impact on net sales of 15.6 million. In 2021 movements in the average U.S. dollar exchange rate had a positive impact on net sales of 9.5 million. Changes in translation exchange rates decreased net assets by 13.2 million in 2022, compared to a decrease of 0.8 million in 2021. 
 These foreign exchange risks could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. For additional information on these risks, and the historical impact on our results, see ITEM 7A. 
 12 

Our defined benefit pension plans historically have had funding deficits, (currently a surplus) and are exposed to market forces that could require us to make increased ongoing cash contributions in response to changes in market conditions, actuarial assumptions and investment decisions These market forces could expose us to significant short-term liabilities if a wind-up trigger occurred in relation to such plans, each of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. 
 We have defined benefit pension arrangements in the U.K. and in the U.S., see ITEM 8, Note 14. Our largest defined benefit plan, the Luxfer Group Pension Plan, which closed to new members in 1998, remained open for accrual of future benefits based on career-average salary until April 5, 2016. However, following a consultation, it was agreed with the Trustees and plan members to close the Luxfer Group Pension Plan in the U.K. to future accrual of benefits, effective from April 5, 2016. Moreover, when increasing pension benefit payments, it was agreed to use the CPI as the reference index, in place of the RPI where applicable. The Luxfer Group Pension Plan is funded according to the regulations in effect in the U.K. and, as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, had an accounting surplus of 27.0 million and 13.7 million, respectively. There is no guarantee that the surplus funding position will be maintained and adverse market movements could result in a reversion to a deficit funding position. According to the latest triennial actuarial valuation of the Luxfer Group Pension Plan as of April 5, 2021, the Luxfer Group Pension Plan had a deficit of 12.2 million on a plan-specific basis (reduced from 26.5 million at the previous valuation in April 2018). This valuation was carried out prior to a one-off deficit reduction contribution of 9.6 million made in December 2021. Should a wind-up trigger occur in relation to the Luxfer Group Pension Plan, the buy-out deficit of that plan will become due and payable by the employers. The aggregate deficit of the Luxfer Group Pension Plan on a buy-out basis was estimated at 86 million as of April 5, 2021 (reduced from 145 million in April 2018). The Trustee has the power to wind-up the Luxfer Group Pension Plan if it determines that in the best interests of members, there is no reasonable purpose in continuing the Luxfer Group Pension Plan. 
 Following the actuarial valuation as of April 5, 2021, we agreed with the Trustee to make a one-off cash contribution in December 2021 of 9.6 million in addition to the 4.1 million annual payment agreed as a result of the previous valuation. While there is an expectation that no further contributions will be required until at least after the next valuation in 2024, there is no guarantee that this will be the case; and no contributions were made during 2022. The Trustee can request additional contributions, and the U.K. Pensions Regulator ("TPR") has the power to order further funding in the current three-year window should increasingly stringent regulation require it see Environmental and regulatory risks: The Pensions Regulator in the U.K. has the power in certain circumstances to issue contribution notices or financial support directions that, if issued, could result in significant liabilities arising for us ). We remain legally responsible and committed to ensuring that the Luxfer Group Pension Plan has the funding required to meet its liabilities as they fall due. Future funding requirements will likely be reassessed and revised following the next triennial actuarial valuation in April 2024. Regulatory burdens have also proved to be a significant risk, such as the U.K.'s Pension Protection Fund Levy, which was 0.3 million in 2022. 
 Our other defined benefit plans are less significant than the Luxfer Group Pension Plan and, as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, had aggregate accounting deficits of 4.5 million and 1.9 million, respectively. The largest of these additional plans is the BA Holdings, Inc. Pension Plan in the U.S., which was closed to further benefit accruals in December 2005, and merged with the much smaller Luxfer Hourly Pension Plan, effective January 1, 2016. In September 2021, we commenced an exercise that we expect to result in a buyout of the U.S. plan liability. An initial lump sum exercise took place in December 2022, with an annuity purchase and full buyout expected in early 2023. 
 We are exposed to various risks related to our defined benefit plans, including the risk of loss of market value of the plan assets, the risk of actual investment returns being less than assumed rates of return, the Trustees of the Luxfer Group Pension Plan switching investment strategy (which does require consultation with the employer), and the risk of actual experience deviating from actuarial assumptions for such things as mortality of plan participants. In addition, fluctuations in interest rates cause changes in the annual cost and benefit obligations, and increasingly stringent regulation can further increase the financial burden. Any of these risks could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

13 

Environmental and regulatory risks 
 The Pensions Regulator in the U.K. has the power in certain circumstances to issue contribution notices or financial support directions that, if issued, could result in significant liabilities arising for us. 
 The Pensions Regulator may issue a contribution notice to the employers that participate in the Luxfer Group Pension Plan, or any person who is connected with, or is an associate of, these employers where the Pensions Regulator is of the opinion that the relevant person has been a party to an act, or a deliberate failure to act, which had as its main purpose (or one of its main purposes) the avoidance of pension liabilities or where such act has a materially detrimental effect on the likelihood of payment of accrued benefits under the Luxfer Group Pension Plan being received. A person holding alone or together with his or her associates, directly or indirectly, one-third or more of our voting power, could be the subject of a contribution notice. The terms "associate" and "connected person," which are taken from the Insolvency Act 1986, are widely defined and could cover our significant shareholders and others deemed to be shadow directors. If the Pensions Regulator considers that a plan employer is "insufficiently resourced" or a "service company" (which terms have statutory definitions), it may impose a financial support direction requiring such plan's employer or any member of the Group, or any person associated or connected with an employer, to put in place financial support in relation to the Luxfer Group Pension Plan. Liabilities imposed under a contribution notice or financial support direction may be up to the difference between the value of the assets of the Luxfer Group Pension Plan and the cost of buying out the benefits of members and other beneficiaries of the Luxfer Group Pension Plan. The Pension Schemes Act 2021 further strengthened regulation in this area and includes new criminal and civil penalties for breaches in pensions law (including unlimited fines) and new notifiable events that apply to certain corporate transactions which have the potential to adversely affect the security of the pension plan and therefore increase the likelihood of a contribution notice. In practice, the risk of a contribution notice being imposed may restrict our ability to restructure or undertake certain corporate activities. Additional security may also need to be provided to the Trustee of the Luxfer Group Pension Plan before certain corporate activities can be undertaken (such as the payment of an unusual dividend), and any additional funding of the Luxfer Group Pension Plan may have a material adverse effect on our financial position and cash flows. 
 Our operations may prove harmful to the environment resulting in reputational damage and clean-up or other related costs. 
 We are exposed to substantial environmental costs and liabilities, including liabilities associated with divested assets and prior activities performed on sites before we acquired an interest in them. Our operations, including the production and delivery of our products, are subject to a broad range of continually changing environmental laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. These laws and regulations increasingly impose more stringent environmental protection standards on us with respect to, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, the use and handling of hazardous materials, noise levels, waste disposal practices, soil and groundwater contamination and environmental clean-up. Complying with these regulations involves significant and recurring costs. 
 We cannot predict our future environmental liabilities and cannot assure investors that our management is aware of every fact or circumstance regarding potential liabilities, or that the amounts provided and budgeted to address such liabilities will be adequate for all purposes. In addition, future developments, such as changes in regulations, laws or environmental conditions, may result in reputational damage or increase environmental costs and liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 The health and safety of our employees and the safe operation of our business is subject to various health and safety regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. These regulations impose various obligations on us, including the provision of safe working environments and employee training on health and safety matters. Complying with these regulations involves recurring costs. 
 Certain of our operations are highly regulated by different agencies that require products to comply with their rules and procedures and can subject our operations to penalties or adversely affect production. 
 Certain of our operations are in highly regulated industries that require us to maintain regulatory approvals and, from time to time, obtain new regulatory approvals from various countries. This can involve substantial time and expense. In turn, higher costs of compliance reduce our cash flows from operations. For example, manufacturers of gas cylinders throughout the world must comply with high local safety and health standards and obtain regulatory approvals in the markets in which they sell their products. Furthermore, military organizations require us to comply with applicable government regulations and specifications when providing products or services to them directly or as subcontractors. In addition, we are required to comply with U.S. and other export regulations with respect to certain products and materials. The E.U. has also passed legislation governing the registration, evaluation and authorization of chemicals, known as REACH, pursuant to which we are required to register 
 14 

chemicals and gain authorization for the use of certain substances. Following the U.K. s withdrawal from the E.U. and the subsequent transition period, the E.U. REACH Regulation has been brought into U.K. law, and REACH, and related legislation, have therefore been replicated in the U.K. In the U.S., there is similar legislation under the Toxic Substance Control Act 1976 ("TSCA") which was substantially amended in 2016. Although we make reasonable efforts to obtain all licenses and certifications that are required by countries in which we operate, there is always a risk that we may be found not to comply with certain required procedures. This risk grows with increased complexity and variance in regulations across the globe. As regulatory schemes vary by country, we may also be subject to regulations of which we are not presently aware and could be subject to sanctions by a foreign government that could materially and adversely affect our operations in the relevant country. 
 Governments and their agencies have considerable discretion to determine whether regulations have been satisfied. They may also revoke or limit existing licenses and certifications or change the laws and regulations to which we are subject at any time. If our operations fail to obtain, experience delays in obtaining or lose a needed certification or approval, we may not be able to sell our products to our customers, expand into new geographic markets or expand into new product lines. In addition, new or more stringent regulations, if imposed, could result in us incurring significant costs in connection with compliance. Non-compliance with these regulations could result in administrative, civil, financial, criminal or other sanctions against us, which could have negative consequences on our business and financial position. Furthermore, if we begin to operate in new countries, we may need to obtain new licenses, certifications and approvals. 
 Our customers are also often subject to similar regulations and risks. We therefore face the risk that our customers may have the demand for their products reduced as a result of regulatory matters that fall outside our direct control. This would in turn reduce demand for our products and have a negative financial impact on our operating results. 
 Any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 We are subject to legislation and regulations to reduce carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions. 
 Although we are working to improve our energy efficiency, our manufacturing processes and the manufacturing processes of many of our suppliers and customers are still energy-intensive and use or generate, directly or indirectly, greenhouse gases ("GHGs"). In recent years, current regulatory programs impacting GHG emissions from large industrial plants and other sources include the E.U. Emissions Trading Scheme, the CRC Energy Efficiency Scheme in the U.K. and certain federal and state programs in the U.S., including GHG reporting and permitting rules issued by the U.S.E.P.A and the California Cap and Trade Program. 
 Moreover, in December 2015, 195 countries participating in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, at its 21st Conference of the Parties meeting held in Paris, adopted a new global agreement on the reduction of climate change (the "Paris Agreement"). The Paris Agreement set a goal of holding the increase in global average temperature to well below 2 degrees Celsius and pursuing efforts to limit the increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius, to be achieved by commitments by the participating countries to set emissions reduction targets, referred to as "nationally determined contributions." The Paris Agreement came into effect on November 4, 2016, after it was ratified the previous month, with implementation efforts beginning from 2018 with reassessment every five years. 
 In November 2021, 197 countries joined together at the 26th Conference "COP26" in Glasgow, U.K., resulting in the Glasgow Climate Pact, which contains all necessary guidelines for fully implementing the Paris Agreement. The package of decisions within the Pact consists of a range of agreed items, including strengthened efforts to build resilience to climate change, to curb greenhouse gas emissions and to provide the necessary finance for both. Nations collectively agreed to work to reduce the gap between existing emission reduction plans and what is required to reduce emissions, so that the rise in the global average temperature can be limited to 1.5 degrees Celsius. 
 Increased costs of compliance with climate change regulations and the potential impact on energy costs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 15 

Due to the nature and use of the products that we manufacture, we may in the future face large liability claims. 
 We are subject to litigation in the ordinary course of our business, which could be costly to us and which may arise in the future. We are exposed to possible claims for personal injury, death or property damage, which could result from a failure of a product manufactured by us or of a product integrating one of our products. For example, improperly manufactured gas cylinders could explode at high pressure, which can cause substantial personal and property damage. This risk may be increased through the use of new technologies, materials and innovations. We also supply many components into aerospace applications in which the potential for significant liability exposures necessitates additional insurance costs. 
 Many factors beyond our control could lead to liability claims, including: 
 the failure of a product manufactured by a third party that incorporated components manufactured by us; 
 the reliability and skills of persons using our products or the products of our customers; and 
 the use by customers of materials or products that we produced for applications for which the material or product was not designed. 
 If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims, we may incur substantial liabilities. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 decreased demand for our products; 
 reputational injury; 
 initiation of investigation by regulators; 
 costs to defend related litigation; 
 diversion of management time and resources; 
 compensatory damages and fines; 
 product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 
 loss of revenue; 
 exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources; and 
 a decline in our stock price. 
 We could be required to pay a material amount if a claim is made against us that is not covered by insurance or otherwise subject to indemnification or that exceeds the insurance coverage that we maintain. Moreover, we do not currently carry insurance to cover the expense of product recalls, and litigation involving significant product recalls or product liability could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 We are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity threats and general information security incidents which may also expose us to liability under data protection laws, including the GDPR. 
 In the conduct of our business, we increasingly collect, use, transmit and store data on information technology systems. This data includes confidential information belonging to us, our customers and other business partners, as well as personally identifiable information of individuals, including our employees. Like other global companies, we have experienced, and expect to continue to be subject to, cybersecurity threats and incidents, ranging from employee error or misuse, individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information technology systems, and to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, none of which have been material to the Company to date. 
 Although we devote significant resources to network security, data encryption and other measures to protect our information technology systems and data from unauthorized access or misuse, including those measures necessary to meet certain information security standards that may be required by our customers, there can be no assurance that these measures will be successful in preventing a cybersecurity or general information security incident. We also rely in part on the reliability of certain tested third parties' cybersecurity measures, including firewalls, virus solutions and backup solutions, and our business may be affected if these third-party resources are compromised. 
 Cybersecurity incidents may result in business disruption, the misappropriation, corruption or loss of confidential information (including personally identifiable information) and critical data (ours or that of third parties), reputational damage, litigation with third parties, regulatory fines, diminution in the value of our investment in research and development and data privacy issues and increased information security protection and remediation costs. As these cybersecurity threats, and government and regulatory oversight of associated risks, 
 16 

continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to remediate, enhance or expand upon the cybersecurity protection and security measures we currently maintain. For example, we are subject to the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), which became enforceable from May 25, 2018, and, following the U.K.'s exit from the E.U. on January 31, 2020, our U.K. based businesses are subject to U.K.-GDPR, which enshrines equivalent requirements in U.K. law. The GDPR introduced a number of new obligations for subject companies, resulting in the need to continue dedicating financial resources and management time to GDPR compliance. Among other things, the GDPR places subject companies under obligations relating to the security of the personally identifiable information they process. While we have taken steps to ensure compliance with the GDPR, there can be no assurance that the measures we have taken will be successful in preventing an incident, including a cybersecurity incident or other data breach, which results in a breach of the GDPR. Fines for non-compliance with the GDPR may be levied up to a maximum of 20,000,000 or 4 of the subject company s annual, group-wide turnover (whichever is higher). Individuals who have suffered damage as a result of a subject company s non-compliance with the GDPR also have the right to seek compensation from such a company. 
 Future cybersecurity breaches, general information security incidents, further increases in data protection costs or failure to comply with relevant legal obligations regarding protection of data could therefore have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 We could incur future liability claims arising from previous businesses now closed or sold. 
 We have sold or closed a number of businesses over the years, but the products or services provided when the businesses were open and under our ownership could still result in potential liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 17 

Risks associated to new and existing products 
 Our ability to remain profitable depends on our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property, and any failure to protect and enforce such intellectual property could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. 
 We cannot ensure that we will always have the ability to protect proprietary information and our intellectual property rights. We protect our intellectual property rights (within the U.S., Europe and other countries) through various means, including patents and trade secrets. Due to the difference in foreign trademark, patent and other laws concerning proprietary rights, our intellectual property rights may not receive the same degree of protection in other countries as they would in the U.S. or the U.K. The patents we own could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by others and may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide us with any meaningful protection or commercial advantage. Further, competitors may infringe our patents and the costs of protecting our patents could be significant. We cannot assure you that we will have adequate resources to enforce our patents. Our patents will only be protected for the duration of the patent. Some of our older key patents have expired, and others will expire over the next few years. As a result, our competitors may introduce products using the technology previously protected, and these products may have lower prices than our products, which may negatively affect our market share. To compete, we may need to reduce our prices for those products. Additionally, the expiry of certain of those patents has reduced, or will reduce, barriers to entry to possible competitors for certain products and end-markets. With respect to our unpatented proprietary technology, it is possible that others will independently develop the same or similar technology or obtain access to our unpatented technology. To protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information, we require employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators to enter into confidentiality agreements. Nevertheless, we cannot assure you that these agreements will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. We rely on our trademarks, trade names and brand names to distinguish our products from the products of our competitors, and we have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. Third parties may also oppose our trademark applications, or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our products, which could result in loss of brand recognition and could require us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. Further, we cannot assure you that competitors will not infringe our trademarks or that we will have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks. 
 Any failure to maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property or the expiry of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 Expiration or termination of our right to use certain intellectual property granted by third parties, the right of those third parties to grant the right to use the same intellectual property to our competitors, and the right of certain third parties to use certain intellectual property used as part of our business, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 We have negotiated, and may from time to time in the future negotiate, licenses with third parties with respect to third party proprietary technologies used in certain of our manufacturing processes and products. If any of these licenses expire or terminate, we will no longer retain the rights to use the relevant third party proprietary technologies in our manufacturing processes and products, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Further, the rights granted to us might be non-exclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. 
 Some of our patents may cover inventions that were conceived or first reduced to practice under, or in connection with, government contracts or other government funding agreements or grants. With respect to inventions conceived or first reduced to practice under such government funding agreements, a government may retain a non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free license to practice, or have practiced for or on behalf of the relevant country, the invention throughout the world. In addition, if we fail to comply with our reporting obligations, or to adequately exploit the developed intellectual property under these government funding agreements, the relevant country may obtain additional rights to the developed intellectual property, including the right to take title to any patents related to government funded inventions or to license the same to our competitors. Furthermore, our ability to exclusively license or assign the intellectual property developed under these government funding agreements to third parties may be limited or subject to the relevant government's approval or oversight. These limitations could have a significant impact on the commercial value of the developed intellectual property. 
 We often enter into research and development agreements with academic institutions whereby they generally retain certain rights to the developed intellectual property. The academic institutions generally retain rights over the technology for use in non-commercial academic and research fields, including in some cases the right to license the technology to third parties for use in those fields. It is difficult to monitor and enforce such non-commercial academic and research uses, and we cannot predict whether the third party licensees would comply 
 18 

with the use restrictions of these licenses. We could incur substantial expenses to enforce our rights against such licensees. In addition, even though the rights that academic institutions obtain are generally limited to the non-commercial academic and research fields, they may obtain rights to commercially exploit developed intellectual property in certain instances. Under research and development agreements with academic institutions, our rights to intellectual property developed thereunder are not always certain, but instead may be in the form of an option to obtain license rights to such intellectual property. If we fail to exercise our option rights in a timely way and / or we are unable to negotiate a license agreement, the academic institution may offer a license to the developed intellectual property to third parties for commercial purposes. Any such commercial exploitation could adversely affect our competitive position and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 If third parties claim that intellectual property used by us infringes upon their intellectual property, our operating profits could be adversely affected. 
 We may, from time to time, be notified of claims that we are infringing upon patents, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights owned by third parties, and we cannot provide assurances that other companies will not in the future pursue such infringement claims against us or any third party proprietary technologies we have licensed. If we were found to infringe upon a patent or other intellectual property right, or if we failed to obtain or renew a license under a patent or other intellectual property right from a third party, or if a third party from whom we are licensing technologies was found to infringe upon a patent or other intellectual property rights of another third party, we may be required to pay damages, suspend the manufacture of certain products or re-engineer or rebrand our products, if feasible, or we may be unable to enter certain new product markets. Any such claims could also be expensive and time consuming to defend and could divert management's attention and resources. In addition, if we have omitted to enter into a valid non-disclosure or assignment agreement for any reason, we may not own the invention or our intellectual property and may not be adequately protected. Our competitive position could suffer as a result of any of these events and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 Any failure of our research and development activity to improve our existing products and develop new products could cause us to lose market share. 
 Our products are highly technical in nature, and in order to maintain and improve our market position, we depend on successful research and development activity to continue to improve our existing products and develop new products. We cannot be certain that we will have sufficient research and development capability to respond to changes in the industries in which we operate. These changes could include changes in the technological environment in which we currently operate, increased demand for new products or the development of alternatives to our products. For example, the development of lighter weight steel alloys has made the use of steel in gas cylinders a more competitive alternative to aluminum than it had been previously. We may also experience delays in completing development of, enhancements to or new versions of our products, and product innovations may not achieve the market penetration or price stability necessary for profitability. In addition to benefiting from our research collaboration with universities, we spent 4.9 million, 3.9 million and 3.3 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, on our own research and development activities. We expect to fund our future research and development expenditure requirements through operating cash flows and restricted levels of indebtedness, but if operating profit decreases, we may not be able to invest in research and development or continue to develop new products or enhancements. 
 Without the timely introduction of new products or enhancements to existing products, our products could become obsolete over time, in which case our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 Increased climate control regulation could negatively impact sales of our products. 
 As previously mentioned, in November 2021, 197 countries joined together at COP26 in Glasgow, U.K., resulting in the Glasgow Climate Pact see Environmental and Regulatory risks: We are subject to legislation and regulations to reduce carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions). Participants at COP26 made specific industrial commitments in order to contribute to overall climate goals. For example, the automotive sector will be required to ensure that all new car sales are to become net-zero by 2040 and in core markets by 2035. This will ultimately curtail demand for products linked to internal combustion engine vehicles, such as our zirconium automotive catalysis products. 
 While climate change regulation presents opportunities for Luxfer to develop new product lines and increase sales of climate-friendly products such as alternative fuel hydrogen cylinders and lightweight magnesium alloys, the impact on our existing product portfolio could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 19 

Operational Risks 
 We may not be able to consummate, finance or successfully integrate future acquisitions into our business, which could hinder our strategy or result in unanticipated expenses, losses or charges. 
 As part of our strategy, we have supplemented and may continue to supplement organic growth by acquiring companies or operations engaged in similar or complementary businesses. If the consummation of future acquisitions, together with integration of acquired companies and businesses, excessively diverts management's attention from the operations of our existing businesses, operating results could suffer. Any acquisition made could be subject to a number of risks, including: 
 failing to discover liabilities of the acquired company or business for which we may be responsible as a successor owner or operator, including litigation or environmental costs and liabilities; 
 difficulties associated with the assimilation of operations and personnel of the acquired company or business, creating uncertainty for employees, customers and suppliers; 
 increased debt service requirements as a result of increased indebtedness to complete acquisitions; 
 the loss of key personnel in the acquired company or business; 
 a negative effect on our financial results resulting from an impairment of acquired intangible assets, the creation of provisions, or write downs; and / or 
 potential adverse effects on our stock price and dividend amount due to the issuance of additional stock. 
 We cannot ensure that every acquisition will ultimately provide the benefits originally anticipated, which could ultimately have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 Our failure to perform under purchase or sale contracts could result in the payment of penalties to customers or suppliers, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 A failure to perform under purchase or sale contracts could result in the payment of penalties to suppliers and / or customers, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Certain contracts with suppliers could obligate us to purchase a minimum product volume (clauses known as "take or pay"), and contracts with customers may impose firm commitments for the delivery of certain quantities of products within certain time periods. The risk of incurring liability under a take or pay supply contract would increase during an economic crisis, which in turn would increase the likelihood of a sharp drop in demand for our products, resulting in a potential material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 Our businesses could suffer if we lose certain employees or cannot attract and retain qualified employees. 
 We rely upon a number of key executives and employees, particularly members of the Executive Leadership Team. If these and certain other employees ceased to work for us, we would lose valuable expertise and industry experience and could become less profitable. We do not carry key person insurance covering the loss of any of our executives or employees. 
 In addition, future operating results depend in part upon our ability to attract and retain qualified engineering and technical personnel. As a result of intense competition for talent in the market, we cannot ensure that we will be able to continue to attract and retain such personnel. While our key employees are generally subject to non-competition agreements for a limited period of time following the end of their employment, if we were to lose the services of key executives or employees, it could adversely impact our ability to maintain our technological position, and / or have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 20 

We could suffer a material interruption in our operations as a result of unforeseen events or operating hazards, including severe weather events linked to climate change. 
 Our production facilities are located in a number of different locations around the world. Any of our facilities could suffer an interruption in production, either at separate times or at the same time, because of various and unavoidable occurrences. These include severe weather events that may become more frequent or extreme due to the effects of climate change (for example, hurricanes and floods), or other adverse events such as earthquakes, casualty events (for example, explosions, fires or material equipment breakdowns), acts of terrorism, pandemic disease, labor disruptions or other events (for example, required maintenance shutdowns). For instance, our operations in California are subject to risks related to earthquakes. In addition, some of our products are highly flammable, and there is a risk of fire inherent in their production process. Such hazards could cause personal injury or death, serious damage to, or destruction of, property and equipment, suspension of operations, substantial damage to the environment and / or reputational harm. The risk is particularly high in the production and handling of ultra-fine magnesium powders, which are highly flammable and potentially explosive in certain situations or if mishandled. Similar disruptions in the operations of our suppliers and / or customers could materially affect our business and operations. Although we carry certain levels of business interruption insurance, the coverage on certain catastrophic events or natural disasters, a failure of energy supplies and certain other events, is limited, and it is possible that the occurrence of such events may have a significant adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 Employee strikes and other labor-related disruptions may adversely affect our operations. 
 Several of our production facilities depend on employees who are members of various trade union organizations. Strikes by, or labor disputes with, our employees may adversely affect our ability to conduct business. We cannot assure you that there will not be any strike, lock-out or material labor dispute in the future. Work interruptions or stoppages could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 As a holding company, Luxfer Holdings PLC's main source of cash is distributions from our operating subsidiaries. 
 Our ultimate parent company, Luxfer Holdings PLC, conducts all of its operations through its subsidiaries. Accordingly, its main cash source is dividends from these subsidiaries. The ability of each subsidiary to make distributions depends on the funds that a subsidiary receives from its operations in excess of the funds necessary for its operations, obligations or other business plans. Since the subsidiaries are wholly-owned, claims of Luxfer Holdings PLC will generally rank junior to all other obligations of the subsidiaries. If Luxfer's operating subsidiaries are unable to make distributions, Luxfer's growth may slow, unless we are able to obtain additional debt or equity financing. In the event of a subsidiary's liquidation, there may not be assets sufficient for us to recoup our investment in the subsidiary. 
 We have a level of indebtedness which has reduced over time, but could adversely affect our cash flows and our ability to operate our business, remain in compliance with debt covenants, make payments on our indebtedness, pay dividends and respond to changes in our business or take certain actions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 50.0 million of indebtedness under our senior notes (the "Loan Notes") divided into two equal tranches of 25.0 million due in 2023 and 2026, respectively. There was also a 31.9 million balance on the revolving credit facility ("RCF") as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our indebtedness could have important consequences. For example, it could make it more difficult for us to satisfy obligations with respect to indebtedness, and any failure to comply with the obligations of any of our debt instruments, including financial and other restrictive covenants, could result in an event of default under agreements governing our indebtedness. Further, our indebtedness could require us to dedicate a substantial portion of available cash flows to pay principal and interest on our outstanding debt, which would reduce the funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, dividends, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes. Our indebtedness could also limit our ability to operate our business, including the ability to engage in strategic transactions or implement business strategies. Factors related to our indebtedness could materially and adversely affect our business and our results of operations. Furthermore, our interest expense could increase if interest rates rise, because certain portions of our debt facilities bear interest at floating rates. If we do not have sufficient cash flows to service our debt, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, incur further indebtedness or sell securities, none of which we can guarantee we will be able to do. 
 
 21 

In addition, the agreements that govern the terms of our indebtedness contain, and any future indebtedness would likely contain, a number of restrictive covenants imposing significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions that may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests, including: 
 incurring or guaranteeing additional indebtedness; 
 capital expenditures; 
 paying dividends (including to fund cash interest payments at different entity levels) or making redemptions, repurchases or distributions with respect to ordinary shares or capital stock; 
 creating or incurring certain security interests; 
 making certain loans or investments; 
 engaging in mergers, acquisitions, investment in joint ventures, amalgamations, asset sales and sale and leaseback transactions; and 
 engaging in transactions with affiliates. 
 These restrictive covenants are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions. The operating and financial restrictions and covenants in our existing debt agreements and any future financing agreements may adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities. 
 We may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. Although the agreements governing our indebtedness contain restrictions on the incurrence of certain additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of important qualifications and exceptions, and the indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. If we incur new indebtedness, the related risks, including those described above, could intensify. 
 Any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 22 

General risks 
 Our ability to pay regular dividends on our ordinary shares is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on many factors, including our results of operations, cash requirements, financial position, contractual restrictions, applicable laws and other factors, and may be limited by our structure and statutory restrictions and restrictions imposed by the Revolving Credit Facility and the Loan Notes, as well as any future debt facilities. 
 We may declare cash dividends on our ordinary shares as described in ITEM 8. However, the payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Any recommendation by our Board to pay dividends will depend on many factors, including our results of operations, cash requirements, financial position, contractual restrictions, applicable laws and other factors, including availability of future debt facilities. Under English law, any payment of dividends would be subject to the Companies Act 2006 of England and Wales (the "Companies Act"), which requires, among other things, that we can only pay dividends on ordinary shares out of profits available for distribution determined in accordance with the Companies Act. Additionally, any change in the level of our dividends or the suspension of the payment thereof could adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares. 
 If we fail to establish or maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, and investor confidence and the market price of our ordinary shares may, therefore, be adversely impacted. 
 We are subject to reporting obligations under U.S. securities laws. Our reporting obligations as a public company place a significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources and systems for the foreseeable future. Our management is required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as required annually by Section 404(a), and quarterly by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, for which we perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Over time we may identify and correct deficiencies or weaknesses in our internal controls and, where and when appropriate, report on the identification and correction of these deficiencies or weaknesses. However, the internal control procedures can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that deficiencies or weaknesses are identified. Deficiencies or weaknesses that have not been identified by us could emerge, and the identification and correction of these deficiencies or weaknesses could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. If our internal controls over financial reporting are not considered adequate, this may adversely affect our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis, which may result in a loss of public confidence or have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares, which could then adversely impact our ability to access equity markets and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 It may be difficult to effect service of U.S. process and enforce U.S. legal processes against the directors of Luxfer. 
 Luxfer is a public limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales. A number of our directors and officers reside outside of the U.S., principally in the U.K. A substantial portion of our assets, and the assets of such persons, are located outside of the U.S. Therefore, it may not be possible to effect service of process within the U.S. upon Luxfer or these persons in order to enforce judgments of U.S. courts against Luxfer or these persons based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws. There is doubt as to the enforceability in England and Wales, in original actions or in actions for enforcement of judgments of U.S. courts, of civil liabilities solely based on the U.S. federal securities laws. 
 23 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 Our principal executive office in the United States is located in leased premises in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and we also have a corporate office located in owned premises in Manchester, United Kingdom. Our operations are conducted in facilities throughout the world. These facilities house manufacturing and distribution operations, as well as sales and distribution offices. 
 We carry out Elektron manufacturing operations at six plants in the United States and one plant in the United Kingdom. 
 We carry out Gas Cylinders manufacturing operations at two plants in the United States and single plants in each of the United Kingdom, Canada and China. Gas Cylinders also has a sales and distribution office in both Australia and Italy. 
 We have a further plant in the United States which is classified as discontinued operations. 
 Our manufacturing plants comprise both owned and leased properties. We believe that our production facilities are suitable for their purpose and are adequate to support our businesses. 
 Division Property / Plant Principal products manufactured Ownership Approximate area (square feet) Elektron Manchester, England Magnesium alloys / zirconium chemicals Split Lease / Own 560,000 Madison, IL Magnesium sheet Lease 805,000 Tamaqua, PA Magnesium powders Own 65,000 Lakehurst, NJ Magnesium powders Own 80,000 Flemington, NJ Zirconium chemicals Own 65,000 Cincinnati, OH Magnesium heating pads Lease 150,000 Saxonburg, PA Magnesium powders Own 70,000 Gas Cylinders Nottingham, England Composite and aluminum cylinders Lease 145,000 Calgary, Canada Composite cylinders Lease 65,000 Pomona, CA Composite cylinders Lease 175,000 Riverside, CA Composite cylinders Lease / Own 125,000 Shanghai, China Composite cylinders Lease 15,000 Discontinued operations Riverside, CA Aluminum panels Lease 70,000 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is a defendant in various lawsuits and is subject to various claims that arise in the normal course of business, the most significant of which are summarized in Note 19 (commitments and contingencies) to the consolidated financial statements in ITEM 8. In the opinion of management, the likelihood that the ultimate disposition of these matters will have a material adverse impact is remote. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 24 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and is traded under the symbol "LXFR." As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 19 shareholders of record. 
 Dividends 
 During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, and in February 2022, the Company paid quarterly dividends of 0.125 per ordinary share. In the final three quarters of 2022, the Company paid quarterly dividends of 0.13 per ordinary. This equated to 14.2 million paid in 2022 and 13.6 million in 2021 and 2020 respectively. A further dividend of 3.6 million was declared and paid in the first quarter of 2023. The declaration and payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our results of operations, cash requirements, financial position, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by our indebtedness, any future debt agreements or applicable laws and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. As with all dividends declared to date, we expect future dividends to be paid out of our earnings. 
 Any payment of dividends is also subject to the provisions of the U.K. Companies Act, according to which dividends may only be paid out of profits available for distribution determined by reference to financial statements prepared in accordance with the Companies Act and the International Accounting Standards Board, which differ in some respects from U.S. GAAP. In the event that dividends are paid in the future, holders of the ordinary shares will be entitled to receive payments in U.S. dollars in respect of dividends on the underlying ordinary shares in accordance with the deposit agreement. Furthermore, because we are a holding company, any dividend payments would depend on cash flows from our subsidiaries. 
 United Kingdom tax consequences for holders of common stock 
 The United Kingdom tax consequences discussed below do not reflect a complete analysis or listing of all the possible United Kingdom tax consequences that may be relevant to holders of our common stock. Moreover, the statements below only apply to holders of our common stock who are residents for tax purposes outside of the United Kingdom. 
 Investors should consult their own tax advisers in respect of the tax consequences related to receipt, ownership, purchase or sale or other disposition of our common stock. 
 United Kingdom withholding tax 
 Under current law, the Company is not required to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of United Kingdom tax from dividends distributed on our common stock, irrespective of the tax residence or individual circumstances of the recipient shareholder. 
 United Kingdom income tax on dividends 
 A non-United Kingdom tax resident holder of our common stock will not be subject to United Kingdom income taxes on dividend income and similar distributions in respect of our shares, unless the shares are attributable to a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business maintained in the United Kingdom by such non-United Kingdom holder. 
 Stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax ("SDRT") 
 While the ordinary shares are held within a depository trust company ("DTC"), provided that DTC satisfies various conditions specified in U.K. legislation, electronic book-entry transfers of such shares should not be subject to U.K. stamp duty, and agreements to transfer such shares should not be subject to U.K. stamp duty reserve tax SDRT ). The parties have obtained confirmation of this position by way of formal clearance by HMRC. Likewise, transfers of, or agreements to transfer, the ordinary shares from the DTC clearance service into another clearance service or into a depository receipt system should not, provided that the other clearance service or depository receipt system satisfies various conditions specified in U.K. legislation, be subject to U.K. stamp duty or SDRT. 
 In the event that the ordinary shares have left the DTC clearance service, other than into another clearance service or depository receipt system, any subsequent transfer of, or agreement to transfer, such ordinary shares may, subject to any available exemption or relief, be subject to U.K. stamp duty or SDRT at a rate of 0.5 of the consideration for such transfer or agreement. Any such U.K. stamp duty or SDRT will generally be payable by the transferee and must be paid (and any relevant transfer document stamped by HMRC) before the transfer can be registered in the books of Luxfer Holdings PLC. 
 25 

In the event that ordinary shares which have left the DTC clearance service, other than into another clearance service or depository receipt system, are subsequently transferred back into a clearance service or depository receipt system, such transfer, or agreement to transfer, may, subject to any available exemption or relief, be subject to U.K. stamp duty or SDRT at a rate of 1.5 of the consideration for such transfer (or, where there is no such consideration, 1.5 of the value of such ordinary shares). In practice, this liability for stamp duty or SDRT is generally borne by the person depositing the relevant shares in the clearance service or depository receipt system. 
 Share performance graph 
 The following information under the caption "Share Performance Graph" in this ITEM 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such a filing. 
 The following graph sets forth the cumulative total shareholder return on our ordinary shares for the last five years, assuming an investment of 100 on December 31, 2017, and the reinvestment of all dividends since that date to December 31, 2022. The graph also contains for comparison purposes the Russell 2000 Index, assuming the same investment level and reinvestment of dividends. 
 By virtue of our market capitalization and characteristics, we believe the Russell 2000 Index is an appropriate published industry index for comparison purposes. 
 
 Purchase of Equity Securities 
 In 2022, the Company purchased 711,572 ordinary shares for a total cost of 11.1 million. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 Not applicable 
 
 26 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Information regarding forward-looking statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain statements, statistics and projections that are, or may be, forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that could cause our actual results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, performance, prospects, opportunities, achievements or industry results, as well as those of the markets we serve or intend to serve, to differ materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, these forward-looking statements. The accuracy and completeness of all such statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future financial position, strategy, plans and objectives for the management of future operations, is not warranted or guaranteed. These statements typically contain words such as "believes," "intends," "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," "may," "will," "should" and words of similar import. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such statements are reasonable, no assurance can be given that such expectations will prove to be correct. There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, factors identified in "Business," "Risk factors," and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," or elsewhere in this Annual Report, as well as: 
 general economic conditions, or conditions affecting demand for the services offered by us in the markets in which we operate, both domestically and internationally, being less favorable than expected; 
 worldwide economic and business conditions and conditions in the industries in which we operate; 
 post-pandemic impact of COVID-19 and future pandemics; 
 fluctuations in the cost and / or availability of raw materials, labor and energy, as well as the ability to pass on cost increases to customers; 
 currency fluctuations and other financial risks; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property; 
 the amount of indebtedness we have incurred and may incur, and the obligations to service such indebtedness and to comply with the covenants contained therein; 
 relationships with our customers and suppliers; 
 increased competition from other companies in the industries in which we operate; 
 changing technology; 
 our ability to execute and integrate new acquisitions; 
 claims for personal injury, death or property damage arising from the use of products produced by us; 
 the occurrence of accidents or other interruptions to our production processes; 
 changes in our business strategy or development plans, and our expected level of capital expenditure; 
 our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; 
 restrictions on the ability of Luxfer Holdings PLC to receive dividends or loans from certain of its subsidiaries; 
 climate change regulations and the potential impact on energy costs; 
 regulatory, environmental, legislative and judicial developments; and 
 our intention to pay dividends. 
 Please read the sections "Business," "Risk factors," and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more complete discussion of the factors that could affect our performance and the industries in which we operate, as well as those discussed in other documents we file or furnish with the SEC. 
 27 

About Luxfer 
 Luxfer Holdings PLC ("Luxfer," "the Company," "we," "our") is a global industrial company innovating niche applications in materials engineering. Luxfer focuses on value creation by using its broad array of technical know-how and proprietary technologies to help create a safe, clean and energy-efficient world. Luxfer's high-performance materials, components and high-pressure gas containment devices are used in defense, first response and healthcare, transportation and general industrial applications. 
 Key trends and uncertainties regarding our existing business 
 Update on ongoing challenging global macro environment and related impact on supply chain disruption 
 Demand from most end-markets we serve has continued to improve following the adverse impact of COVID-19 on volumes, notably in 2020. This sharp recovery in demand across the global macro environment has resulted in supply chain challenges characterized by significant increases in material cost inflation on key inputs (including magnesium, aluminum and carbon fiber), labor availability issues and energy and transport cost increases. Additionally, during 2022, we were faced with two critical suppliers of magnesium and zirconium respectively declaring force majeure, of which the former remains in place. The continuing conflict in Ukraine which has resulted in punitive sanctions against the Russian Federation has further exacerbated the availability and price of certain raw materials and energy supplies. In response to the supply chain disruption, we have been successful in securing alternative sources of supply for key material inputs affected by force majeure. Furthermore, in the majority of cases, we are able to pass through inflation to our customers. Currently, our expectation is that the impact of material availability / inflation and energy cost inflation and labor and transport constraints will continue into 2023; that we will be able to source sufficient material to meet demand and that in the majority of cases we expect to be able to pass on cost increases. However the outlook remains highly uncertain with both the size and timing of future cost increases difficult to predict. 
 Impact of conflict in Ukraine 
 The Russian invasion of Ukraine and ongoing military conflict which commenced on February 24, 2022, has resulted in massive displacement of the Ukrainian population and huge disruption to its economy. Wide ranging sanctions have been imposed on the Russian Federation by the international community, targeting individuals, banks, businesses, funds transfers and imports and exports and are expected to have a significant adverse impact on Russia's economy as well as on international businesses active in the region. The impact on Luxfer is not expected to be significant as we have no direct operations in the region, and our sales to Russia and Ukraine combined typically represent less than one percent of total revenue by destination. Furthermore, neither country is a critical supplier of our raw material needs, and while Russia is a major global exporter of magnesium, we are able to source the metal from various alternative locations, including China, Israel, Turkey and the United States. 
 
 Operating objectives and trends 
 In 2023, we expect the following operating objectives and trends to impact our business: 
 Continuing high activity on revenue growth initiatives with particular focus on increasing volumes; 
 Actions to ensure continuity of supply of critical materials and services while safeguarding margins; 
 Execution of productivity improvements and increases in selling prices to mitigate and pass through current cost pressure; 
 Further improvements in ESG standing through investment in new projects; 
 Focus on recruiting, developing and maintaining talent, through our new leadership development programs, while driving a high-performance culture; and 
 Continued emphasis on operating cash generation and maintaining strong working capital performance. 
 
 28 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The consolidated results of operations from continuing operations of Luxfer were as follows: 
 Years ended December 31, / point change In millions 2022 2021 2020 2022 v 2021 2021 v 2020 Net sales 423.4 374.1 324.8 13.2 15.2 Cost of sales (328.4) (278.1) (243.9) 18.1 14.0 Gross profit 95.0 96.0 80.9 (1.0) 18.7 of net sales 22.4 25.7 24.9 (3.3) 0.8 Selling, general and administrative expenses (43.1) (47.3) (39.8) (8.9) 18.8 of net sales 10.2 12.6 12.3 (2.4) 0.3 Research and development (4.9) (3.9) (3.3) 25.6 18.2 of net sales 1.2 1.0 1.0 0.2 Restructuring charges (1.9) (6.2) (8.9) (69.4) (30.3) of net sales 0.4 1.7 2.7 (1.3) (1.0) Acquisition and disposals costs (0.3) (1.5) (80.0) n/a of net sales 0.1 0.4 (0.3) 0.4 Other income 0.2 (100.0) n/a of net sales 0.1 (0.1) n/a Other charges (1.1) (0.4) (100.0) 175.0 of net sales 0.3 0.1 (0.3) 0.2 Operating income 44.8 36.2 28.5 23.8 27.0 of net sales 10.6 9.7 8.8 0.9 0.9 Net interest expense (3.9) (3.1) (5.0) 25.8 (38.0) of net sales 0.9 0.8 1.5 0.1 (0.7) Defined benefit pension credit 0.1 2.3 4.3 (95.7) (46.5) of net sales 0.6 1.3 (0.6) (0.7) Income before income taxes and equity in net income of affiliates 41.0 35.4 27.8 15.8 27.3 of net sales 9.7 9.5 8.6 0.2 0.9 Provision for income taxes (9.0) (5.4) (6.9) 66.7 (21.7) Effective tax rate 22.0 15.3 24.8 6.7 (9.5) Income before equity in net income of affiliates 32.0 30.0 20.9 6.7 43.5 of net sales 7.6 8.0 6.4 (0.4) 1.6 Equity in loss of unconsolidated affiliates (net of tax) (0.1) (100.0) of net sales Net income from continuing operations 32.0 30.0 20.8 6.7 44.2 of net sales 7.6 8.0 6.4 (0.4) 1.6 
 29 

Net sales 
 Adjusting for foreign exchange headwinds of 13.9 million, consolidated net sales have increased by 16.9 in 2022 from 2021. The passing through of material cost inflation, where not constrained by contract, accounted for approximately 75.0 of this increase. Furthermore, there was benefit in the year from: 
 Increased sales of magnesium powders used in commercial and military applications; 
 Higher demand for composite cylinders used in aerospace and medical applications, although constrained by historical contractual prices; 
 Increased sales of magnesium alloys, especially those used in the aerospace market; 
 Higher demand for our zirconium products, particularly in industrial applications; and 
 An additional contribution to net sales in Luxfer Gas Cylinders of 7.1 million due to the acquisition of Structural Composites Industries LLP ("SCI") at the end of the first quarter 2021, which primarily impacted sales of cylinders used in aerospace and alternative fuels applications. 
 These increases were partially offset by: 
 Unfavorable foreign exchange variances as highlighted above; 
 Softening sales of flameless ration heaters ("FRH") due to lower levels of troop deployment and of Chemical detection kits due to supply chain constraints, and 
 Reduced sales of CNG alternative fuel cylinders. 
 The 15.2 increase in consolidated net sales across most major product groups in 2021 from 2020 was primarily due to the acquisition of SCI, as well as the recovery in volumes adversely impacted by COVID-19 in the prior year. The most significant factors were: 
 An additional contribution of 24.9 million due to the acquisition of SCI; 
 Increased sales of SCBA cylinders used by first responders and of cylinders used for gas calibration and other industrial applications; 
 Increased sales in Luxfer MEL Technologies of zirconium automotive catalysis products; 
 Increased sales of military powders used in countermeasure flares; 
 Increased sales of Luxfer Graphic Arts magnesium photo-engraving plates; and 
 Favorable foreign exchange variances of 10.3 million or 3.2 . 
 These increases were partially offset by decreased sales of heater meals and chemical response kits in our Luxfer Magtech business. 
 
 Gross profit 
 The 3.3 percentage point decrease in gross profit as a percentage of sales in 2022 from 2021 was primarily the result of increased material and labor costs and other supply chain investments to overcome disruption, not fully covered by price increases, particularly in the Gas Cylinders Division. 
 The 0.8 percentage point increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales in 2021 from 2020 was primarily the result of production efficiency linked to increased volumes as we recovered from the prior year impact of COVID-19. This was partially offset by the impact of material cost inflation not fully covered by price increases primarily in the fourth quarter. 
 30 

Selling, general and administrative expenses ("SG A") 
 SG A costs as a percentage of sales have decreased by 2.4 percentage points in 2022 from 2021, largely due to the impact of price increases on revenue, as well as cost reduction programs effected in the prior year. We also benefited from foreign currency translation of 2.3 million. 
 SG A costs as a percentage of sales increased marginally by 0.3 percentage points in 2021 from 2020. 
 
 Research and development costs 
 Research and development costs as a percentage of sales has increased by 0.2 percentage points in 2022 when compared to 2021, with actual expenditure increasing by 25.6 , reflecting increased investment in new products and future growth capability. 
 Research and development costs as a percentage of sales were flat in 2021 when compared to 2020, with actual expenditure increasing by 18.2 as activity levels picked up as we recovered from the COVID-19 economic downturn. 
 
 Restructuring charges 
 The 1.9 million restructuring charges in 2022 includes: 
 A further 1.7 million in relation to the closure of Luxfer Gas Cylinders France; and 
 0.2 million relating to one-time employee termination benefits in the Elektron division in relation to the consolidation of production facilities in the Magnesium Powders operations. 
 The 6.2 million restructuring charges in 2021 includes: 
 A further 5.0 million in relation to the closure of Luxfer Gas Cylinders France; 
 0.9 million of one-time employee termination costs in the Elektron division, largely in relation to the divestiture of our small Luxfer Magtech production facility in Ontario, Canada; and 
 0.3 million of miscellaneous restructuring project costs in the Gas Cylinders division. 
 
 Acquisition and disposals costs 
 Net costs of 0.3 million and 1.5 million in 2022 and 2021 respectively, primarily relate to the 2021 acquisition of SCI. 
 
 Other charges 
 The 1.1 million other charges incurred in 2021 relates to the settlement of a class action lawsuit in the Gas Cylinders segment from an alleged historic violation of the California Labor Code, concerning a Human Resources administration matter. 
 
 Net interest expense 
 Net interest expense of 3.9 million in 2022 increased from 3.1 million in 2021 due to a combination of increased interest rates and higher drawings. 
 Net interest expense of 3.1 million in 2021 decreased from 5.0 million in 2020 largely due to the 25 million early repayment in December 2020 of the Loan Notes due in 2021. 
 
 Defined benefit pension credit 
 The defined benefit pension credit of 0.1 million in 2022, includes a credit on the U.K. plan of 3.0 million, partially offset by the recognition of 2.9 million of unamortized losses on the U.S. plan as a result of the settlement triggered by the lump sum exercise in 2022, ahead of the buyout of the U.S. pension plan which we expect to be completed in early 2023. 
 The defined benefit pension credit of 2.3 million has decreased by 2.0 million in 2021 from 2020. This was primarily due to the combined effect on the U.K. plan of lower projected asset returns and a higher post-2030 inflation projection in the U.K., partially offset by a fall in the discount rate. 
 31 

Provision for income taxes 
 The 6.7 percentage point increase in the effective tax rate in 2022 from 2021 was primarily due to the impact in the prior year of the U.K. tax rate change enacted (from 19 to 25 which increased the valuation of the U.K. related net deferred tax asset (largely related to the U.K. defined benefit pension plan). 
 The 9.5 percentage point decrease in the effective tax rate in 2021 from 2020 was primarily due to the impact of the above mentioned change in the U.K. tax rate. In addition, a deferred tax credit of 2.6 million has been recognized in the income statement in respect of future tax relief available as a result of a special one-off pension contribution made to the U.K. plan in December 2021. 
 32 

RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES TO GAAP MEASURES 
 The following table of non-GAAP summary financial data presents a reconciliation of net income from continuing operations to adjusted net income for the periods presented, being the most comparable GAAP measure. Management believes that adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBITDA are key performance indicators ("KPIs") used by the investment community and that such presentation will enhance an investor s understanding of the Company's operational results. In addition, Luxfer's CEO and other senior management use these KPIs, among others, to evaluate business performance. However, investors should not consider adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share in isolation as an alternative to net income and earnings per share when evaluating Luxfer's operating performance or measuring Luxfer's profitability. 
 Years ended December 31, In millions except per share data 2022 2021 2020 Net income from continuing operations 32.0 30.0 20.8 Accounting charges relating to acquisitions and disposals of businesses: Amortization on acquired intangibles 0.7 0.9 0.7 Acquisitions and disposals cost 0.3 1.5 Defined benefit pension credit (0.1) (2.3) (4.3) Restructuring charges 1.9 6.2 8.9 Other charges 1.1 0.4 Share-based compensation charges 2.5 2.8 2.8 Other non-recurring tax items (1.9) Income tax on adjusted items 0.1 (2.1) (0.4) Adjusted net income from continuing operations 37.4 36.2 28.9 Adjusted earnings per ordinary share from continuing operations Diluted earnings per ordinary share 1.16 1.07 0.74 Impact of adjusted items 0.20 0.22 0.29 Adjusted diluted earnings per ordinary share (1) 
 1.36 1.29 1.03 
 (1) For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year has been adjusted for the dilutive effects of all potential ordinary shares and share options granted to employees. 
 Years ended December 31, In millions except per share data 2022 2021 2020 Adjusted net income from continuing operations 37.4 36.2 28.9 Add back: Other non-recurring tax items 1.9 Income tax on adjusted items (0.1) 2.1 0.4 Income tax expense 9.0 5.4 6.9 Net finance costs 3.9 3.1 5.0 Adjusted EBITA from continuing operations 50.2 48.7 41.2 Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 0.1 Depreciation 12.9 14.7 12.6 Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations 63.1 63.4 53.9 
 
 33 

The following table presents a reconciliation for the adjusted effective tax rate, which management believes is a KPI used by the investment community and that such presentation will enhance an investor's understanding of the Company's operational results. 
 Years ended December 31, In millions 2022 2021 2020 Adjusted net income from continuing operations 37.4 36.2 28.9 Add back: Other non-recurring tax items 1.9 Income tax on adjusted items (0.1) 2.1 0.4 Provision for income taxes 9.0 5.4 6.9 Adjusted income from continuing operations before income taxes 46.3 45.6 36.2 Adjusted provision for income taxes 8.9 9.4 7.3 Adjusted effective tax rate from continuing operations 19.2 20.6 20.2 

SEGMENT RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The summary that follows provides a discussion of the results of operations of each of our two reportable segments (Gas Cylinders and Elektron). Both segments comprise various product offerings that serve multiple end-markets. 
 Adjusted EBITDA, which is our segment income metric, represents operating income adjusted for restructuring charges, other charges, acquisitions and disposals cost, depreciation and amortization, and share-based compensation charges. A reconciliation to net income and taxes can be found in ITEM 8, Note 17. 
 
 GAS CYLINDERS 
 The results of operations from the Gas Cylinders segment are for continuing operations only. 
 The net sales and adjusted EBITDA for Gas Cylinders were as follows: 
 Years ended December 31, / point change In millions 2022 2021 2020 2022 v 2021 
 2021 v 2020 
 Net sales 183.7 178.3 141.9 3.0 25.7 Adjusted EBITDA 12.8 22.7 21.3 (43.6) 6.6 of net sales 7.0 12.7 15.0 (5.7) (2.3) 
 Net sales 
 The 3.0 increase in Gas Cylinders sales in 2022 from 2021 was primarily the result of increased demand for composite cylinders used in aerospace, partially offset by 7.8 million of foreign exchange headwind and a reduction in CNG alternative fuel and SCBA cylinder sales. The segment has benefited from 7.1 million of sales due to the acquisition of SCI at the end of the first quarter in 2021, which has positively impacted sales of cylinders in aerospace and alternative fuels. 
 Net sales in Gas Cylinders have been impacted throughout the year by the fixed-price contracts in place across the segment. 
 The 25.7 increase in Gas Cylinders sales in 2021 from 2020 was primarily the result of the recovery of our markets following COVID-19 related disruption in the prior year, as well as the acquisition of SCI which generated 24.9 million of additional revenues. Revenues increased across all significant product lines except for medical oxygen cylinders, sales of which had held up relatively well in the prior year. 
 34 

Adjusted EBITDA 
 The 5.7 percentage point decrease in adjusted EBITDA for Gas Cylinders as a percentage of net sales in 2022 from 2021 is a result of the segment being impacted by timing of contractually constrained cost pass-through. Cost reduction effort activities more than offset adverse foreign exchange impact in the year. 
 The 2.3 percentage point decrease in adjusted EBITDA for Gas Cylinders as a percentage of net sales in 2021 from 2020 was primarily the result of losses suffered by the newly acquired SCI business from the end of the first quarter, as well as material cost inflation in excess of price increases primarily in the fourth quarter. This was partially offset by productivity improvements as volumes recovered from the Covid-19 affected prior year. 
 
 ELEKTRON 
 The net sales and adjusted EBITDA for Elektron were as follows: 
 Years ended December 31, / point change In millions 2022 2021 2020 2022 v 2021 
 2021 v 2020 
 Net sales 239.7 195.8 182.9 22.4 7.1 Adjusted EBITDA 50.3 40.7 32.6 23.6 24.8 of net sales 21.0 20.8 17.8 0.2 3.0 
 
 Net sales 
 The 22.4 increase in Elektron sales in 2022 from 2021 was heavily impacted by the passing through of material cost-inflation. Furthermore, there was benefit in the year from: 
 Increased sales of magnesium powders used in commercial and military applications; 
 Improved sales of magnesium alloys, especially those used in the aerospace market; and 
 Higher demand for our zirconium products, particularly in industrial applications. 
 These increases were partially offset by a decrease in sales of FRHs and chemical kits supplied by Luxfer Magtech. Net sales were also adversely impacted by 6.1 million of foreign exchange. 
 The 7.1 increase in Elektron sales in 2021 from 2020 was primarily the result of the recovery from COVID-19 related disruption affecting the prior year, especially: 
 Increased sales of zirconium-based industrial catalysts; 
 Increased sales of magnesium photo-engraving plates; 
 Increased sales of military powders used in countermeasure flares; and 
 Increased sales of wrought magnesium alloys, especially those used in our transportation end markets. 
 This was partially offset by decreased revenues from Luxfer Magtech chemical detection kits and from heater meals. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 The 0.2 percentage point increase in adjusted EBITDA for Elektron as a percentage of net sales in 2022 from 2021 was primarily the result of the segment's ability to pass on the inflationary cost increases, as well as the benefit of positive foreign exchange variances. 
 The 3.0 percentage point increase in adjusted EBITDA for Elektron as a percentage of net sales in 2021 from 2020 was primarily the result of productivity improvements as volumes recovered from the Covid-19 affected prior year, as well as favorable product sales mix. 
 35 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our liquidity requirements arise primarily from obligations under our indebtedness, capital expenditures, acquisitions, the funding of working capital and the funding of hedging facilities to manage foreign exchange and commodity purchase price risks. We meet these requirements primarily through cash flows from operating activities, cash deposits and borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility ("RCF") and accompanying ancillary hedging facilities and the Loan Notes due 2023 and 2026. Our principal liquidity needs are: 
 funding acquisitions; 
 capital expenditure requirements; 
 payment of shareholder dividends; 
 servicing interest on the Loan Notes, which is payable at each quarter end, in addition to interest and / or commitment fees on the RCF; 
 working capital requirements, particularly in the short term as we aim to achieve organic sales growth; and 
 hedging facilities used to manage our foreign exchange and aluminum purchase price risks. 
 We believe that, in the long term, cash generated from our operations will be adequate to meet our anticipated requirements for working capital, capital expenditures and interest payments on our indebtedness. In the short term, we believe we have sufficient credit facilities to cover any variation in our cash flow generation. However, any major repayments of indebtedness will be dependent on our ability to raise alternative financing or to realize substantial returns from operational sales. Also, our ability to expand operations through sales development and capital expenditures could be constrained by the availability of liquidity, which, in turn, could impact the profitability of our operations. 
 We have been in compliance with the covenants under the Loan Notes and the RCF throughout all of the quarterly measurement dates from and including September 30, 2011, to December 31, 2022. 
 In October 2021, the Company completed a refinancing of its existing RCF, extending its tenure to October 2026, while providing increased flexibility to incur additional indebtedness outside of this agreement if required and reducing the covenant burden. In January 2023, the Company has increased the capacity of its existing RCF to 125.0 million, an increase of 25.0 million. 
 Luxfer conducts all of its operations through its subsidiaries, joint ventures and affiliates. Accordingly, Luxfer's main cash source is dividends from its subsidiaries. The ability of each subsidiary to make distributions depends on the funds that a subsidiary receives from its operations in excess of the funds necessary for its operations, obligations or other business plans. We have not historically experienced any material impediment to these distributions, and we do not expect any local legal or regulatory regimes to have any impact on our ability to meet our liquidity requirements in the future. In addition, since our subsidiaries are wholly-owned, our claims will generally rank junior to all other obligations of the subsidiaries. If our operating subsidiaries are unable to make distributions, our growth may slow, unless we are able to obtain additional debt or equity financing. In the event of a subsidiary's liquidation, there may not be assets sufficient for us to recoup our investment in the subsidiary. 
 Our ability to maintain or increase the generation of cash from our operations in the future will depend significantly on the competitiveness of and demand for our products, including our success in launching new products. Achieving such success is a key objective of our business strategy. Due to commercial, competitive and external economic factors, however, we cannot guarantee that we will generate sufficient cash flows from operations or that future working capital will be available in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness or make necessary capital expenditures. 
 
 36 

Cash Flows from Continuing Operations 
 Operating activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 15.8 million and 26.0 million in 2022 and 2021 respectively, which includes approximately 10.0 million and 4.0 million of cash spent on restructuring activities in those years. It was primarily related to net income from operating activities, net of the following non-cash items: (i) depreciation and amortization; (ii) share-based compensation charges; (iii) pension adjustments and (iv) net changes to assets and liabilities. In 2022, the Company has increased its working capital balances, predominantly as a result of inventory build to try and reduce inflationary price rises. In 2021, the Company also made an additional, special one-off deficit reduction payment in the U.K. for 12.7 million. 
 
 Investing activities 
 Net cash used for investing activities was 5.6 million in 2022, compared to net cash used for investing activities of 5.0 million in 2021. The following investing activities impacted our cash flow: 
 Capital expenditures 
 Capital expenditures in 2022 was 8.3 million compared to 9.1 million in 2021. 2021 included additional spend as we delayed some projects in the prior year in response to COVID-19. We anticipate capital expenditures for 2023 to be around 15 million as we increase investment in order to grow the business. 
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 
 In May 2022, the Company sold a previously held-for-sale building in the Elektron segment for 3.7 million. Consideration was paid in full upon sale. 
 Proceeds from sale of business 
 In March 2021, the Company sold its U.S. aluminum gas cylinder business for net cash proceeds of 20.2 million. In September 2021, the Company sold its Superform U.K. business for net consideration of 4.0 million, of which 3.0 million was received in 2021 and 1.0 million deferred until 2022. The deferred consideration, while still due to the Company, the payment has not yet been received so has been fully impaired in 2022. 
 In July 2020, the Company sold its 51 investment in Luxfer Uttam India Private Limited for net cash proceeds of 1.5 million. In September 2021, the Company received deferred consideration of 0.3 million for this sale. 
 Settlements from sale of business 
 In October 2022, the Company agreed a final settlement of 1.0 million to the purchasers of the previously disposed aluminum gas cylinder business. The settlement was a reduction to the original consideration paid. 
 Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 
 In March 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of the SCI business of Worthington Industries, Inc., based in Pomona, California, for 19.3 million cash consideration. 
 
 Financing activities 
 In 2022, net cash used for financing activities was 2.0 million, (2021: 16.1 million). We made net drawdowns on our borrowing facilities of 24.8 million (2021: net drawdowns of 6.4 million) and dividend payments of 14.2 million (2021: 13.6 million), equating to 0.515 per ordinary share (2021: 0.50 per ordinary share). In 2022, the Company spent 11.1 million repurchasing approximately 700,000 shares, (2021: 6.4 million repurchasing approximately 300,000 shares). 
 Loan Notes 2023 and 2026 
 The Note Purchase Agreement contains customary covenants and events of default, in each case with customary and appropriate grace periods and thresholds. In addition, the Note Purchase Agreement requires us to maintain compliance with a minimum interest coverage ratio and a leverage ratio. The interest coverage ratio measures our EBITDA (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement) to Net Finance Charges (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement). We are required to maintain an interest coverage ratio of 4.0:1. The leverage ratio measures our Total Net Debt (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement) to Adjusted Acquisition EBITDA (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement). We are required to maintain a leverage ratio of no more than 3.0:1. We have been in compliance with the covenants under the Note Purchase Agreement throughout all of the quarterly measurement dates from and including September 30, 2011, to December 31, 2022. 
 37 

The Loan Notes due 2023 and 2026 and the Note Purchase Agreement are governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 The Loan Notes due 2023 and 2026 are denominated in U.S. dollars, which creates a natural partial offset between the dollar-denominated net assets and earnings of our U.S. operations and the dollar-denominated debt and related interest expense of the notes. We have included the Note Purchase Agreement and a form of the Loan Notes due 2023 and 2026 as exhibits to this Annual Report and refer you to the exhibits for more information on the Note Purchase Agreement and the Loan Notes due 2023 and 2026. 
 Senior Facilities Agreement 
 A new Senior Facilities Agreement was signed in October 2021, for more information see ITEM 8 Note 11. 
 Structure. At December 31, 2022 the Senior Facilities Agreement provided 100 million of committed debt facilities in the form of a multi-currency (GBP sterling, U.S. dollars or euros) RCF and an additional 50 million of uncommitted facilities through an accordion clause. In January 2023, we increased the RCF to 125 million and a subsequent reduction in the uncommitted facility to 25 million. The facilities mature in October 2026. As of December 31, 2022, we had drawn down 31.9 million under the Revolving Credit Facility (December 31, 2021: 10.8 million). 
 Availability. The facility is used for loans and overdrafts. Amounts unutilized under the RCF (or, if the case, under the revolving portion of the accordion) are allocated to ancillary facilities available under the Senior Facilities Agreement in connection with overdraft facilities, bilateral loan facilities and letter of credit facilities. As of December 31, 2022, we had drawn down 1.8 million under the ancillary facilities (December 31, 2021: 2.2 million). We may use amounts drawn under the RCF for our general corporate purposes and certain capital expenditures, as well as for the financing of permitted acquisitions and reorganizations. As of December 31, 2022, 68.1 million (net of 31.9 million drawn down) was available under the RCF. The last month in which we may draw funds from the RCF is September 2026. 
 The Company also had a separate (uncommitted) bonding facility for bank guarantees; denominated in GBP sterling totaling 0.5 million 0.6 million) and 0.1 million 0.2 million) was utilized at December 31, 2022. 
 Interest rates and fees. Borrowings under the facility bear an interest rate equal to an applicable margin plus either EURIBOR, in the case of amounts drawn in euros, or SONIA (Sterling Overnight Index Average), in the case of amounts drawn in GBP sterling or U.S. dollars. 
 The tables below sets out the range of ratios and the related margin percentage currently in effect. 
 Leverage Margin per annum) Greater than 2.5:1 2.75 Less than or equal to 2.5:1, but greater than 2.0:1 2.50 Less than or equal to 2.0:1, but greater than 1.5:1 2.25 Less than or equal to 1.5:1, but greater than 1.0:1 2.00 Less than or equal to 1.0:1 1.75 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had drawn down 31.9 million under the RCF (December 31, 2021: 10.8 million). A commitment fee is levied each quarter against any unutilized element of the RCF, excluding overdraft or ancillary facilities. 
 In the event of a sale of all or substantially all of our business and / or assets, or if any person or group of persons acting in concert gains direct or indirect control (as defined in the Senior Facilities Agreement) of Luxfer Holdings PLC, we will be required to immediately repay all outstanding amounts under the RCF (and, if the case, the accordion) and the ancillary facilities under the Senior Facilities Agreement. 
 In addition, the Senior Facilities Agreement requires us to maintain compliance with an interest coverage ratio and a leverage ratio. The interest coverage ratio measures our EBITDA (as defined in the Senior Facilities Agreement) to Net Finance Charges (as defined in the Senior Facilities Agreement). We are required to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio of 4.0:1. The leverage ratio measures our Total Net Debt (as defined in the Senior Facilities Agreement) to the Relevant Period Adjusted Acquisition EBITDA (as defined in the Senior Facilities Agreement). We are required to maintain a leverage ratio of no more than 3.0:1. 
 We have been in compliance with the covenants under the Senior Facilities Agreement throughout all of the quarterly measurement dates from and including September 30, 2011, to December 31, 2022. 
 38 

The Senior Facilities Agreement is governed by English law. For more information see ITEM 8, Note 11. 
 
 Dividends 
 We paid dividends in 2022 of 14.2 million (2021: 13.6 million), or 0.515 (2021: 0.50) per ordinary share. 
 Any payment of dividends is also subject to the provisions of the U.K. Companies Act, according to which dividends may only be paid out of profits available for distribution determined by reference to financial statements prepared in accordance with the Companies Act and the International Accounting Standards Board, which differ in some respects from U.S. GAAP. In the event that dividends are paid in the future, holders of the ordinary shares will be entitled to receive payments in U.S. dollars in respect of dividends on the underlying ordinary shares in accordance with the deposit agreement. Furthermore, because we are a holding company, any dividend payments would depend on cash flows from our subsidiaries. 
 Authorized shares 
 Our authorized share capital consists of 40.0 million ordinary shares with a par value of 0.50 per share. 
 Contractual obligations 
 The following summarizes our significant contractual obligations that impact our liquidity: 
 Payments Due by Period In millions Total Less than 1 year 1 3 years 3 5 years After 5 years Contractual cash obligations Loan Notes due 2023 25.0 25.0 Loan Notes due 2026 25.0 25.0 Revolving Credit Facility 31.9 31.9 Obligations under operating leases 29.9 5.1 10.1 5.3 9.4 Capital commitments 1.4 1.4 Interest payments 13.2 4.0 6.6 2.6 Total contractual cash obligations 126.4 35.5 16.7 64.8 9.4 
 
 Off-balance sheet measures 
 At December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements other than the three bonding facilities as described above. 
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 Capital commitments 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had capital expenditure commitments of 1.4 million (2021: 1.5 million and 2020: 1.1 million) for the purchase of new plant and equipment. 
 Committed banking facilities 
 The Company refinanced in October 2021, see Note 11 for details of the refinance. 
 At December 31, 2022 the Company had committed banking facilities of 100.0 million with an additional 50.0 million of uncommitted facilities through an accordion provision. Of these committed facilities, 31.9 million was drawn at December 31, 2022. 
 At December 31, 2021, the Company had committed banking facilities of 100.0 million with an additional 50.0 million of uncommitted facilities through an accordion provision. Of the committed facilities, 10.8 million was drawn at December 31, 2021. 
 
 39 

Contingencies 
 In November 2018, an alleged explosion occurred at a third-party waste disposal and treatment site in Grand View, Idaho, reportedly causing property damage, personal injury, and one fatality. We contracted with a service company for removal and disposal of certain waste resulting from the magnesium powder manufacturing operations at the Reade facility in Manchester, New Jersey. We believe this service company, in turn, contracted with the third-party disposal company, at whose facility the explosion occurred, for treatment and disposal of the waste. In November 2020, we were named as a defendant in three lawsuits in relation to the incident one by the third-party disposal company, one by the estate of the decedent, and one by an injured employee of the third-party disposal company. We believe that we are not liable for the incident, have asserted such, and continue to fully defend the Company against these lawsuits. Therefore, we do not currently expect any eventual outcome in these matters to have a material impact on the Company's financial position or results of operations. 
 
 NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 See ITEM 8, Note 1 of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, included in this Form 10-K, for information pertaining to recently adopted accounting standards or accounting standards to be adopted in the future. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 We have adopted various accounting policies to prepare the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in ITEM 8, Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Certain of our accounting policies require the application of significant judgment by management in selecting the appropriate assumptions for calculating financial estimates. By their nature, these judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. These judgments are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our observance of trends in the industry and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: 
 it requires us to make assumptions about matters that were uncertain at the time we were making the estimate; and 
 changes in the estimate or different estimates that we could have selected would have had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our critical accounting estimates include the following: 
 Impairment of goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of acquired businesses over the net of the fair value of identifiable tangible net assets and identifiable intangible assets purchased and liabilities assumed. 
 Goodwill is tested at least annually for impairment and is tested for impairment more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Goodwill is tested for impairment by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. We may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a quantitative impairment test. Management carried out its qualitative review on the last day of the third quarter of 2022 and 2021, which showed no indicators of impairment. As a result, the Company concluded its review and was not required to perform a quantitative review. 
 
 Identifiable intangible assets 
 Our primary identifiable intangible assets include: (i) customer relationships and technology; and (ii) traded related assets. All our identifiable intangible assets have finite lives and are amortized over that period. Identifiable intangible assets that are subject to amortization are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. No such events occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 40 

Pension and other post-retirement plans 
 We sponsor U.S. and non-U.S. defined-benefit pension and other post-retirement plans. The amounts recognized in our consolidated financial statements related to our defined-benefit pension and other post-retirement plans are determined from actuarial valuations. Inherent in these valuations are assumptions, including: (i) discount rates; (ii) inflation rates; (iii) pension increases; and (iv) life expectancy. These assumptions are updated annually and are disclosed in ITEM 8, Note 14 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions can have a material impact on the pension and other post-retirement obligations and future expense. 
 We recognize changes in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains or losses for pension and other post-retirement benefits annually in the fourth quarter each year ("mark-to-market adjustment") and, if applicable, in any quarter in which an interim remeasurement is triggered. Net actuarial gains and losses occur when the actual experience differs from any of the various assumptions used to value our pension and other post-retirement plans or when assumptions change as they may each year. The primary factors contributing to actuarial gains and losses each year are (i) changes in the discount rate used to value pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations as of the measurement date and (ii) differences between the expected and the actual return on plan assets. This accounting method also results in the potential for volatile and difficult to forecast mark-to-market adjustments. The remaining components of pension expense, including service and interest costs and the expected return on plan assets, are recorded on a quarterly basis as ongoing pension expense. 
 Discount rate 
 The discount rate used represents the annualized yield based on a cash flow matched methodology with reference to an AA corporate bond spot curve and having regard to the duration of the Plan s liabilities. This yield produced a weighted-average discount rate for our U.K. plans of 4.80 in 2022, 1.90 in 2021 and 1.40 in 2020. The discount rate on our U.S. plans was 5.10 in 2022, 2.70 in 2021 and 2.30 in 2020. There are no known or anticipated changes in our discount rate assumption that will impact our pension expense in 2023. 
 To indicate the sensitivity of results to this assumption, a 0.1 per annum increase in the discount rate for our U.K. plans would reduce the value of the liabilities and therefore increase the pension surplus by approximately 2.4 million and increase the projected 2023 income statement credit by approximately 0.1 million. 
 Inflation rate 
 In September 2019, the UK Statistics Authority announced plans to reform the RPI inflation index. On November 25, 2020, the government and UK Statistics Authority confirmed these plans to reform the RPI index to bring it into line with the CPIH index from 2030, with no compensation for the holders of index-linked gilts. Inflation measured by the CPIH is consistently significantly lower than that measured by RPI, and therefore, these plans imply a significant expected reduction in RPI inflation from 2030 onwards. As a result we have taken a stepped approach and used different inflation rates pre and post 2030. 
 To indicate the sensitivity of results to the CPI assumption, a 0.1 per annum decrease in all CPI-linked assumptions, (including pension increases) for our U.K. plan, would reduce the value of the liabilities and therefore increase the pension surplus at December 31, 2022 by approximately 2.4 million and increase the projected 2023 income statement credit by approximately 0.1 million. 
 Pension increases 
 The pension increase assumptions have been set with reference to the corresponding CPI inflation assumption and take account of the caps and floors applicable to the various components of pension indexation. 
 Life expectancy 
 The life expectancies of male and female members aged 65 on 31 December 2022 are assumed to be 21.2 and 23.0 years, respectively, with the life expectancies of male and female members aged 65 on 31 December 2042 assumed to be 22.5 and 24.5 years, respectively. 
 To indicate the sensitivity of results to the life expectancy assumption, a one year increase in assumed life expectancy on the U.K. plan could increase the value of the liabilities and therefore decrease the pension surplus at December 31, 2022 by approximately 7.2 million. 
 
 41 

Expected rate of return 
 Our expected rate of return on plan assets for our U.K. plans was 5.60 in 2022, 3.30 in 2021 and 3.00 in 2020. The expected rate of return on our U.S. plans was 4.70 in 2022, 2.50 in 2021 and 5.00 in 2020. The expected rate of return is designed to be a long-term assumption that may be subject to considerable year-to-year variance from actual returns. In developing the expected long-term rate of return, we considered our historical returns, with consideration given to forecast economic conditions, our asset allocations, input from external consultants and broader longer-term market indices. 
 See ITEM 8, Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding pension and other post-retirement plans. 
 Loss contingencies 
 Accruals are recorded for various contingencies, including legal proceedings, self-insurance and other claims that arise in the normal course of business. The accruals are based on judgment, the probability of losses and, where applicable, the consideration of opinions of internal and/or external legal counsel and actuarial determined estimates. Additionally, we record receivables from third party insurers when recovery has been determined to be probable. 
 Our critical judgment revolves around the recognition of litigation and environmental liabilities in relation to the closure of our French site. We have recognized a loss contingency of 3.3 million, for which we have engaged with external experts to assist with the valuation of these liabilities. 

42 

Item 7A. Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 
 Market risk is the potential economic loss a rising from adverse changes in market rates and market prices such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and changes in the market value of equity instruments. We are exposed to market risk, primarily related to foreign exchange, commodity prices and interest rates. Counterparties to all derivative contracts are major financial institutions. All instruments are entered into for other than trading purposes. The major accounting policies and utilization of these instruments is described more fully in ITEM 8, Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Foreign currency risk 
 We conduct business in various locations throughout the world and are subject to market risk due to changes in the value of foreign currencies in relation to our reporting currency, the U.S. dollar. Periodically, we use derivative financial instruments to manage these risks. The functional currencies of our foreign operating locations are generally the local currency in the country of domicile. We manage these operating activities at the local level and revenues, costs, assets and liabilities are generally denominated in local currencies, thereby mitigating the risk associated with changes in foreign exchange. However, our results of operations and assets and liabilities are reported in U.S. dollars and thus will fluctuate with changes in exchange rates between such local currencies and the U.S. dollar. 
 To hedge foreign currency risks, we enter into short duration currency contracts. The below table details the foreign currency contracts which we have in place over sales and purchases. Changes in the fair value of all derivatives are recognized immediately in income unless the derivative qualifies as a hedge of future cash flows. Gains and losses related to a hedge are deferred and recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income ("AOCI") and are subsequently recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Statements of Income when the hedged item affects earnings. 
 December 31, 2022 Sales hedges U.S. dollars Euros Canadian Dollars Contract totals/ m 13.4 12.8 0.1 Maturity dates 01/23 to 03/23 01/23 to 03/23 01/23 Exchange rates 1.1207 to 1.2083 1.1234 to 1.1468 1.6320 
 Purchase hedges U.S. dollars Euros Canadian dollars Australian dollars Chinese yuan Contract totals/ m 9.2 2.6 9.5 1.0 1.6 Maturity dates 01/23 to 04/23 01/23 to 04/23 01/23 01/23 01/23 to 03/23 Exchange rates 1.1040 to 1.2084 1.1437 to 1.2240 1.6796 to 1.6239 1.7787 8.3906 to 8.4126 
 December 31, 2021 Sales hedges U.S. dollars Euros Japanese Yen Contract totals/ m 5.0 9.8 0.1 Maturity dates 01/22 to 03/22 01/22 to 03/22 01/22 to 03/22 Exchange rates 1.3455 to 1.3788 1.1697 to 1.1906 155.2443 to 156.6793 
 Purchase hedges U.S. dollars Euros Canadian dollars Australian dollars Chinese yuan Contract totals/ m 4.5 3.5 7.5 0.9 1.5 Maturity dates 01/22 to 04/22 01/22 to 02/22 01/22 01/22 03/22 Exchange rates 1.3451 to 1.3781 1.1812 to 1.1662 1.7172 to 1.6762 1.8598 8.6126 

43 

Commodity price risk 
 We are exposed to commodity price risks in relation to the purchases of our raw materials. 
 There is no financial market to hedge magnesium, zirconium raw materials or carbon fiber, and prices for these raw materials have been volatile in recent years, with substantial increases in the second half of 2021 and throughout 2022. To help mitigate these risks, we have a number of fixed-price supply contracts for a portion of these raw materials, which limits our exposure to price volatility over a calendar year. However, we remain exposed over time to rising prices in these markets, and therefore rely on the ability to pass on any major price increases to our customers in order to maintain our levels of profitability especially for for carbon fiber wrapped composite cylinders, zirconium, and magnesium-based products. We have also in the last few years, when we felt it was appropriate, made additional physical purchases of magnesium and some rare earth chemicals to delay the impact of higher prices, but this has had a cash flow impact on occasion, thereby leading to greater utilization of our revolving credit bank facilities. 
 Primary aluminum is a global commodity, with its principal trading market on the LME. In the normal course of business, we are exposed to aluminum price volatility to the extent that the costs of aluminum purchases are more closely related to the LME price than the sales prices of certain of our products. Our Gas Cylinders Segment will buy various aluminum alloys, in log, sheet, or tube form, and the contractual price will usually include an LME-linked base price plus a premium for a particular type of alloy, as well as the cost of casting, rolling or extruding. The price of high-grade aluminum, which is actively traded on the LME, has fluctuated significantly in recent years. 
 Interest rate risk 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had both fixed rate and variable rate debt outstanding on our consolidated balance sheet. As a result of this exposure, we have in the past hedged interest payable under our floating rate indebtedness based on a combination of forward rate agreements, interest rate caps and swaps. There were no fixed or variable rate interest hedge agreements in place as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 
 Luxfer has exposure to variable interest rates when it draws down on the revolving credit facilities. As a result of this exposure, we may decide to hedge interest payable based on a combination of forward rate agreements, interest rate caps and swaps. It has also used fixed rate debt within its financing structure to mitigate volatility in interest rate movements as disclosed in Notes 11 and 12 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

44 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Luxfer Holdings PLC 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 46 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 49 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 52 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 53 

45 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Luxfer Holdings PLC 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Luxfer Holdings PLC and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

46 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Valuation of Pension Benefit Obligations 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had pension benefit obligations of 258.2 million as of December 31, 2022. As disclosed by management, the amounts in the consolidated financial statements related to the pension benefit obligations are determined from actuarial valuations. The valuation of the pension benefit obligations requires estimation in determining appropriate assumptions including: (i) discount rates; (ii) inflation rates; (iii) pension increases; and (iv) life expectancy. Differences in actual experience or changes in these assumptions can have a material impact on the determination of the liabilities in the Company s pension schemes. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the pension benefit obligations is a critical audit matter are the significant judgments and assumptions made by management, including the use of management s specialists, when determining the pension benefit obligations. This in turn resulted in a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures to evaluate management's significant assumptions for: (i) discount rates; (ii) inflation rates; (iii) pension increases; and (iv) life expectancy. The audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of the pension benefit obligations. These procedures also included, among others, testing the completeness, accuracy and relevance of the underlying data used in the valuation of the pension benefit obligations. With the assistance of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge, these procedures also included (i) testing management s process for estimating the pension benefit obligations, (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of the assumptions used in calculating the pension benefit obligations, including the discount rates, inflation rates, pension increases, and life expectancy assumptions; and (iii) assessing the appropriateness of management s methodology in line with the requirements of ASC 715 Compensation Retirement Benefits. 

/s/ 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 
 47 

LUXFER HOLDINGS PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Years Ended December 31, In millions, except share and per-share data 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales ) ) ) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Research and development ) ) ) Restructuring charges ) ) ) Acquisitions and disposals costs ) ) Other income Other charges ) ) Operating income Interest expense ) ) ) Defined benefit pension credit Income before income taxes and equity in net income of affiliates Provision for income taxes ) ) ) Income before equity in net income of affiliates Equity in loss of affiliates (net of tax) ) Net income from continuing operations Net gain on disposition of discontinued operations Net loss from discontinued operations ) ) ) Net income Earnings / (loss) per share (1) 
 Basic from continuing operations Basic from discontinued operations ) ) Basic Diluted from continuing operations Diluted from discontinued operations ) ) Diluted Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 (1) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 48 

LUXFER HOLDINGS PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Years Ended December 31, In millions 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) / income Net change in foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Pension and post-retirement actuarial gains / (losses), net of , and of tax, respectively 
 ) Other comprehensive (loss) / income net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 49 

LUXFER HOLDINGS PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, In millions, except share and per-share data 2022 2021 Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts and other receivables, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Inventories Current assets held-for-sale Total current assets Non-current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Right-of-use assets from operating leases Goodwill Intangibles, net Deferred tax assets Pensions and other retirement benefits Investments and loans to joint ventures and other affiliates Total assets Current liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt and short-term borrowings Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Taxes on income Current liabilities held-for-sale Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities Long-term debt Pensions and other retirement benefits Deferred tax liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 19) 
 Shareholders' equity Ordinary shares of par value; authorized shares for 2022 and 2021; issued and outstanding shares for 2022 and 2021 
 Deferred shares of par value; authorized, issued and outstanding shares for 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury shares ) ) Company shares held by ESOP ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 50 

LUXFER HOLDINGS PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended December 31, In millions 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net income Net loss from discontinued operations Net income from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile net income from continuing operations to net cash provided by operating activities Equity in loss of affiliates Depreciation Amortization of purchased intangible assets Amortization of debt issuance costs Share-based compensation charge Deferred income taxes ) Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment Loss on disposal of business Defined benefit pension expense / (credit) ) ) Defined benefit pension contributions ) ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of business acquisitions Accounts and notes receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Current assets held-for-sale ) ) Other current assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) Current liabilities held-for-sale ) Other current liabilities ) Other non-current assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities - continuing Net cash provided by operating activities - discontinued Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Proceeds from sale of businesses Settlements from sale of businesses ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Net cash used for investing activities - continuing ) ) ) Net cash used for investing activities - discontinued ) ) ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Net drawdowns / (repayments) of long-term borrowings ) Debt issuance costs ) Deferred consideration paid ) Proceeds from sale of shares Dividends paid ) ) ) Share-based compensation cash paid ) ) ) Repurchase of deferred shares ) Repurchase of ordinary shares ) ) Net cash used for financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net increase / (decrease) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash; beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash; end of year Supplemental cash flow information: Interest payments Income tax payments See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 51 

LUXFER HOLDINGS PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 In millions, Ordinary shares Deferred shares Additional paid-in capital Treasury shares Number Treasury shares Amount Company shares held by ESOP Number Company shares held by ESOP Amount Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total shareholders' equity At January 1, 2020 ) ) ) ) ) Net income Shares sold from ESOP 
 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Dividends declared and paid ) ) Share-based compensation Utilization of treasury shares to satisfy share-based compensation ) ) Utilization of shares from ESOP to satisfy share-based compensation ) ) At December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends declared and paid ) ) Share-based compensation Utilization of treasury shares to satisfy share-based compensation ) Utilization of shares from ESOP to satisfy share-based compensation ) ) Repurchase of ordinary shares ) ) ) Cancellation of ordinary shares ) ) At December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) Net income for the year Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Dividends declared ) ) Share-based compensation charges Utilization of treasury shares to satisfy share-based compensation ) ) Utilization of shares from ESOP to satisfy share-based compensation ) ) Repurchase of ordinary shares ) ) ) Cancellation of deferred shares ) ) At December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 52 

LUXFER HOLDINGS PLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 reportable segments being Gas Cylinders and Elektron. 

53 

- years 
 Technology and trading related - years 
 
 The carrying values are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Reviews are made annually of the estimated remaining lives and residual values of the patents and trademarks. 
 Joint venture Equity method 
 
 million, million and million, respectively. 
 - years 
 Leasehold land and buildings The lesser of life of lease or freehold rate Machinery and equipment - years 
 Including: Heavy production equipment (including casting, rolling, extrusion and press equipment) - years 
 Chemical production plant and robotics - years 
 Other production machinery - years 
 Furniture, fittings, storage and equipment - years 
 Computer equipment years 
 Freehold land is not depreciated. 
 54 

million within discontinued operations. There were impairment charges recognized in 2022 and 2020. 
 million impairment charge relating to the right of use asset previously held as a sublet to Neos International Limited, the right of use asset were building leases retained on sale of Superform U.K. 
 million impairment charge relating to plant and equipment held in our Superform U.S. business, reflecting updated expectations of fair market value. 
 to days. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, the Company has determined its contracts do not include a significant financing component. 
 The Company s revenue is primarily derived from the following sources and are recognized when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a good or service to a customer: 
 Product revenues 
 We recognize revenue when it is realized or realizable and has been earned. Revenue is recognized when the following are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) shipment or delivery has occurred (depending on the terms of the sale), which is when the transfer of product or control occurs; (iii) our price to the buyer is fixed or determinable; and (iv) the ability to collect is reasonably assured. 
 Royalties 
 Royalty revenue is recognized on an accrual basis in accordance with the substance of the relevant agreements, provided that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Company and the amount of revenue can be measured reliably. 
 Practical Expedients 
 The Company applies the practical expedient and does not disclose information about remaining performance obligations for contracts that have original expected durations of one year or less. 
 
 55 

million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021. The amounts held in escrow were held in relation to a payment received for an historic doubtful debt in our Elektron division and workers' compensation insurance. 
 compared to the 2021 average of . This change resulted in a negative impact of million on revenue and million on operating income. Based on the 2022 level of revenue and income, a weakening in GBP sterling leading to a increase in the USD/GBP sterling exchange rate would result in a decrease of million in revenue and a decrease of million in operating net income. 
 On January 1, 2021 the functional currency of Luxfer Holdings PLC was changed from the local currency, GBP to the reporting currency, USD reflecting that the majority of the parent company's cash flows are now denominated in USD, including intercompany loans and interest payments as well as dividends paid to its shareholders. The change was triggered by a revision to our intercompany financing model which now aims to manage foreign exchange risk through Luxfer Group Limited, whose functional currency remains GBP (the same as its local currency). 
 
 56 

57 

58 

2. 
 
 Transportation Defense, First Response Healthcare 
 The Company s performance obligations are satisfied at a point in time. With the classification of our Superform business as discontinued operations, none of the Company's revenue is satisfied over time. As a result, the Company's contract receivables, contract assets and contract liabilities at December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 are included within current assets and liabilities held-for-sale. 

3. 
 million cash consideration. The fair value of assets and liabilities acquired were equal to the cash consideration paid. 
 Acquisition-related costs of million and million in 2022 and 2021 respectively, represent transitional costs and professional fees incurred in relation to the above SCI acquisition. 
 In 2021, the Company recognized a net gain on disposition of million, consisting of a million gain on our U.S. aluminum business, sold in March 2021, partially offset by a million loss on our Superform U.K. business sold in September 2021. 
 investment in Luxfer Uttam India Private Limited to our joint venture partner for INR million million) cash. Allowing for legal costs, we generated a profit on disposal of less than million. During the year we also incurred million costs in relation to M A exploration activities offset by deferred consideration adjustment and profit on previous written-down inventory. 

4. 
 million of costs in relation to the closure of Luxfer Gas Cylinders' French site, which was largely legal and professional fees. In addition, million of costs were incurred relating to one-time employee termination benefits, in the Elektron division, in relation to the consolidation of production facilities in the Magnesium Powders operations. 
 In 2021, there was million of costs in relation to the closure of Luxfer Gas Cylinders' French site, which includes an additional million charge for environmental remediation and million employee litigation claims, with the remaining largely legal and professional fees. A further million of miscellaneous project costs were incurred in the Gas Cylinders Segment during 2021. There was also million of one-time employee termination costs in the Elektron division, largely in relation to the divestiture of our small Luxfer Magtech production facility in Ontario, Canada. 
 In 2020, there was million of costs in relation to the closure of Luxfer Gas Cylinders' French site. In response to uncertain global economic conditions, we undertook actions to reduce the Company's cost structure and improve operating efficiency. These actions included a workforce reduction program resulting in million of severance-related charges, of which million and million were incurred in the Gas Cylinders and Elektron Segments respectively, and million which is unallocated. 
 
 59 

) ) Elektron Segment ) ) ) Other ) Total restructuring charges ) ) ) 
 
 Costs incurred Cash payments and other ) ) Balance at December 31, 

5. 
 million in 2021 relates to the settlement of a class action lawsuit in the Gas Cylinders segment in relation to an alleged historic violation of the California Labor Code, concerning a Human Resources administration matter. The Company paid the settlement during the year, with additional charge to the income statement expected. 
 In 2020 the Company recognized million in other charges relating to the remediation of a legacy environmental issue which commenced in 2019. This was completed in 2021 and all liabilities settled. 
 
 60 

6. 

Net gain / (loss) from discontinued operations ) ) ) Net income Weighted average number of ordinary shares: 
 For basic earnings per share Dilutive effect of potential common stock For diluted earnings per share Earnings / (loss) per share using weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding: (1) 
 Basic from continuing operations Basic from discontinued operations ) ) Basic earnings per ordinary share Diluted from continuing operations Diluted from discontinued operations ) ) Diluted earnings per ordinary share 
 (1) The calculation of earnings per share is performed separately for continuing and discontinued operations. As a result, the sum of the two in any particular year may not equal the earnings-per-share amount in total. 

7. 
 million, net of working capital adjustments. The Company recognized a gain on disposition, net of tax, of million. 
 In September 2021, our Superform U.K. business was sold for million, net of working capital adjustments. The Company recognized a loss on disposition, net of tax, of million. 
 In 2022, the Company recognized impairment and disposal-related costs of million and million respectively, in relation to the previous dispositions which occurred in 2021. 
 The assets and liabilities of the above businesses have been presented within C urrent assets held-for-sale and C urrent liabilities held-for-sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. In 2021, Company recognized a million impairment charge relating to plant and equipment held in our Superform U.S. business reflecting updated expectations of fair market value. 
 
 61 

Cost of goods sold ) ) ) Gross (loss) / profit ) Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Restructuring charges ) ) ) Acquisition and disposal costs ) Impairment charges ) ) Other income Net loss before income taxes ) ) ) Provision for income taxes ) ) Net loss ) ) ) 
 The assets and liabilities classified as held-for-sale were as follows: 
 In millions December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Accounts and other receivables Inventories Current assets Right-of-use assets Total assets Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Other current liabilities Current liabilities Total liabilities 
 Also included within assets held-for-sale in 2022 are land and buildings valued at million, and an additional million in 2021, within our Elektron Segment. 
 Impairment charges Settlements from sale of businesses Cash flows from discontinued investing activities: Capital expenditures 
 Cash balances are swept into the treasury entities at the end of each day, and these sweeps are recorded within operating cash flows in the statements of cash flows. 
 62 

8. 
 Exchange difference ) ) ) At December 31, 2021 Exchange difference ) ) ) Net balance at December 31, 2022 
 Accumulated goodwill impairment losses in relation to continuing operations were million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Additions Exchange movements ) ) At December 31, 2021 Exchange movements ) ) At December 31, 2022 
 Identifiable intangible assets consisted of the following: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 In millions Gross Accumulated amortization Net Gross Accumulated amortization Net Customer relationships ) ) Technology and trading related ) ) Total identifiable intangibles ) ) 
 
 Identifiable intangible asset amortization expense in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Intangible asset amortization expense over the next five years is expected to be approximately million per year. 
 The weighted-average amortization period for the customer relationships is y ears and for the technology and trading related asset s is y ears. 
 
 63 

9. 
 Related parties Prepayments and accrued income Derivative financial instruments Deferred consideration Other receivables Total accounts and other receivables Inventories Raw materials and supplies Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventories Property, plant and equipment, net Land, buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Total property plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation and impairment ) ) Total property, plant and equipment, net Other current liabilities Short term provision Restructuring provision Derivative financial instruments Operating lease liability Advance payments Total other current liabilities Other non-current liabilities Contingent liabilities Operating lease liability Other non-current liabilities Total other non-current liabilities 
 Impairment of property, plant and equipment 
 impairments of property, plant and equipment recognized in 2022, 2021 or 2020 in continuing operations. 

64 

10. ) Pension plans actuarial loss, net of tax ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) 

11. 
 
 Loan Notes due June 2023 
 Loan Notes due June 2026 
 Revolving credit facility Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt Less current portion ) Non-current debt 
 In October 2021, the Company completed a refinancing of its existing Revolving Credit Facility, ("RCF"), extending its tenure to October 2026, while providing increased flexibility to incur additional indebtedness outside of this agreement if required and reducing the covenant burden. 
 At December 31, 2022 million of committed debt facilities in the form of a multi-currency (GBP sterling, U.S. dollars or euros) RCF was available to the Company. In addition, million of uncommitted facility capacity was available through an accordion increase clause. On January 3, 2023, the accordion increase clause was partial triggered increasing the RCF to million with a corresponding reduction in the uncommitted accordion capacity to million. 
 The RCF bears interest equal to an applicable margin, based upon the Company's leverage, plus either EURIBOR, in the case of amounts drawn in euros, or SONIA (Sterling Overnight Index Average), in the case of amounts drawn in GBP sterling, or SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate) in the case of amounts drawn in U.S. dollars. The weighted-average interest rate on the RCF was and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Loan Notes due June 2026 Revolving credit facility due October 2026 Total debt 

65 

:1. The leverage ratio measures our Total Net Debt (as defined in the RCF) to the Relevant Period Adjusted Acquisition EBITDA (as defined in the RCF). We are required to maintain a leverage ratio of no more than :1. 
 Any breach of a covenant in the RCF could result in a default under the RCF, in which case lenders could elect to declare all borrowed amounts immediately due and payable if the default is not remedied or waived within any applicable grace periods. Additionally, our subsidiaries' ability to make investments, incur liens and make certain restricted payments is also controlled by limits within the RCF. 
 We have been in compliance with the covenants under the SFA throughout all of the quarterly measurement dates in 2022, with an expectation of compliance in 2023. 
 
 66 

12. 
 million (2021: million) derivative financial instruments recorded within accounts and other receivables . The value of derivative financial instruments recorded in other current liabilities in 2022 was million (2021: million). 
 Forward foreign currency exchange contracts 
 The Company incurs currency transaction risk whenever one of the Company's operating subsidiaries enters into either a purchase or sales transaction in a currency other than its functional currency. Currency transaction risk is reduced by matching sales and expenses in the same currency. The Company's U.S. operations have little currency exposure as most purchases, costs and sales are conducted in U.S. dollars. The Company's U.K. operations are exposed to exchange transaction risks, mainly because these operations sell goods priced in euros and U.S. dollars and purchase raw materials priced in U.S. dollars. The Company also incurs currency transaction risk if it lends currency other than its functional currency to its joint venture partners. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company held various forward foreign currency exchange contracts designated as hedges in respect of forward sales for U.S. dollars, euros, Canadian dollars and Japanese yen for the receipt of GBP sterling or euros. The Company also held forward foreign currency exchange contracts designated as hedges in respect of forward purchases for U.S. dollars, euros, Canadian dollars, Australian dollars and Chinese yuan by the sale of GBP sterling. The contract totals in GBP sterling and euros, range of maturity dates and range of exchange rates are disclosed overleaf, with the value denominated in GBP sterling, given that it is the currency the majority of the contracts are held in. 

67 

Maturity dates 01/23 to 03/23 01/23 to 03/23 01/23 Exchange rates to 
 to 

Purchase hedges U.S. dollars Euros Canadian dollars Australian dollars Chinese yuan Contract totals/ m Maturity dates 01/23 to 04/23 01/23 to 04/23 01/23 01/23 01/23 to 03/23 Exchange rates to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 
 December 31, 2021 Sales hedges U.S. dollars Euros Japanese Yen Contract totals/ m Maturity dates 01/22 to 03/22 01/22 to 03/22 01/22 to 03/22 Exchange rates to 
 to 
 to 
 
 Purchase hedges U.S. dollars Euros Canadian dollars Australian dollars Chinese yuan Contract totals/ m Maturity dates 01/22 to 04/22 01/22 to 02/22 01/22 01/22 03/22 Exchange rates to 
 to 
 to 

The above contracts are held in GBP sterling. Therefore, the analysis in the table has been given in GBP sterling to avoid any movements as a result of translation. 
 Fair value of financial instruments 
 The following methods were used to estimate the fair values of each class of financial instrument: 
 Cash at bank and in hand 
 The carrying value approximates the fair value as a result of the short-term maturity of the instruments. Cash at bank and in hand are subject to a right to offset in the U.S. and U.K. 
 Bank loans 
 At December 31, 2022, bank and other loans of million (2021: million) were outstanding. At December 31, 2022, bank and other loans are shown net of issue costs of million (2021: million), and these issue costs are to be amortized to the expected maturity of the facilities. This carrying value approximates to its fair value at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. At December 31, 2022, million (2021: million) of the total million (2021: million) bank and other loans was variable interest rate debt and subject to floating interest rate risk, with the remainder being fixed rate debt. 
 Forward foreign currency exchange rate contracts 
 The fair value of these contracts was calculated by determining what the Company would be expected to receive or pay on termination of each individual contract by comparison to present market prices. 
 
 68 

Derivative financial liabilities: Foreign currency contract liabilities Interest bearing loans and borrowings: Loan Notes due 2023 Loan Notes due 2026 Revolving credit facility 
 December 31, 2021 In millions Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Derivative financial assets: Foreign currency contract assets Derivative financial liabilities: Foreign currency contract liabilities Interest bearing loans and borrowings: Loan Notes due 2023 Loan Notes due 2026 Revolving credit facility 
 69 

13. 
 International (1) 
 Income before income taxes ) International (1) 
 Total current taxes ) Deferred U.K. ) International (1) 
 ) Total deferred taxes ) Total provision for income taxes 
 
 Provision for income taxes at the U.K. statutory tax rate (2022: 19 , 2021:19 , 2020: 19 Effect of: Non-deductible expenses Movement in valuation allowances ) Differences in income tax rates in countries where the Company operates (1) 
 ) Effect of changes in tax rates (2) 
 ) ) Movement in uncertain tax positions ) Other ) ) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 (1) Refers mainly to the effects of the differences between the statutory income tax rate in the U.K. against the applicable income tax rates of each country where the Company operates. 
 (2) An increase in the U.K. corporation tax rate from 19 to 25 , effective from April 1, 2023, was announced in March 2021. Rate changes also occur in each period as a result of changes in the average state tax rate in the U.S. 

70 

Gross increases based on tax positions related to the current year Reductions due to expiry of statute of limitations ) ) ) Ending balance Non-current 
 
 The Company's unrecognized tax benefits relate to the pricing of its various inter-company transactions. Because the transfer pricing calculation is often multifaceted, taking into account economics, finance, industry practice, and functional analysis, a company's transfer pricing position often sits at a particular point along a wide continuum of possible pricing outcomes. The inherent subjectivity in pricing inter-company balances gives rise to measurement uncertainty. Management has considered the valuation uncertainty in determining the measurement of the uncertain tax position. There are no current tax audit examinations. 
 At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were million, million, and million of unrecognized tax benefits, respectively, that, if recognized, would affect the annual effective tax rate. 
 The Company recognizes interest accrued and penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax line. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized approximately , and million, respectively, in interest and penalties. 
 
 71 

million (at December 31, 2021: million, at December 31, 2020: million). If these earnings were remitted, it is estimated that the additional income tax arising would be approximately million (at December 31, 2021: million, at December 31, 2020: million). 
 Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax (liabilities) / assets ) 
 The tax effects of the major items recorded in deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows: 
 December 31, In millions 2022 2021 Deferred tax assets Pension benefits Accrued liabilities Tax loss and credit carry forwards Employee compensation benefits Operating leases Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowances ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances Deferred tax liabilities Property, plant and equipment Pension benefits Goodwill and other intangibles Operating leases Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets ) Q 
 Deferred tax liabilities and assets represent the tax effect of temporary differences between the value of assets and liabilities for financial statement purposes and such values as measured by the relevant jurisdiction's tax laws and regulations. Deferred tax assets and liabilities from the same tax jurisdiction have been netted, resulting in assets and liabilities being recorded under the deferred taxation captions on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences and carryforwards become deductible or creditable. Management considers the scheduled reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. 
 In March 2021 an increase in the U.K. corporation tax rate from 19 to 25 was announced, effective from April 1, 2023. Deferred tax liabilities and assets which are expected to unwind after April 1, 2023 have been valued at 25 . 
 
 72 

million (U.K.: million, non-U.K.: million). Carried forward tax losses and tax credits for 2021 were million (U.K.: million, non-U.K.: million) and for 2020 were million (U.K.: million, non-U.K.: million). To the extent that these losses are not already recognized as deferred income taxes assets and are available to offset against future taxable profits, it is expected that the future effective tax rate would be below the standard rate in the country where the profits are offset. A valuation allowance of million (2021: million, 2020: million) exists for deferred tax benefits related to the tax loss and tax credit carry forwards and other benefits that may not be realized. The apportionment of the valuation allowance between the U.K. and non-U.K. jurisdictions is U.K.: million, non-U.K.: million (2021: U.K.: million, non-U.K.: million; 2020: U.K.: million, non-U.K.: million). The non-U.K. valuation allowances relates to tax losses in France and Germany. 
 Of the carried forward tax losses and tax credits as at December 31, 2022, million expire between 2023 and 2033, and million are available for indefinite carry-forward. 
 
 73 

14. 
 
 The principal defined benefit pension plan in the Company is the U.K. Luxfer Group Pension Plan ("the Plan"), which closed to new members in 1998, with new employees then being eligible for a defined contribution plan. In April 2016, the Plan was closed to further benefit accrual, with members being offered contributions to a defined contribution plan. The Company's other arrangements are less significant than the Plan, the largest being the BA Holdings, Inc. Pension Plan in the U.S. In December 2005, this plan was closed to further benefit accrual, with members being offered contributions to that company's 401(k) plan. At January 1, 2016, the U.S. pension plans (BA Holdings Inc. Pension Plan and Luxfer Hourly Pension Plan) merged into one plan. 
 Interest cost Settlement gain ) ) Actuarial gains ) ) ) ) ) ) Exchange difference ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation at December 31 Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at January 1 Actual return on assets ) ) ) Exchange difference ) ) ) ) Contributions from employer Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlement loss ) ) Fair value of plan assets at December 31 Funded status Net benefit surplus / (obligation) ) ) 
 
 The net benefit surplus of million (2021: million) in the U.K. plan is recorded in non-current assets at December 31, 2022, and the net benefit obligation of million (2021: million) in the U.S. / other is recorded in non-current liabilities at December 31, 2022. 
 In December 2021, the Company made a special one-off deficit reduction payment to the U.K. Plan of million. The payment means the Company is not expected to make any additional deficit recovery contributions to the Plan until at least December 2024. Contributions of m were paid to the U.K. plan in relation to the Pension Protection Fund levy. 
 74 

Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Curtailment gain Settlement loss Amortization of net actuarial loss Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) ) ) ) Total (credit) / expense for defined benefit plans ) ) ) ) ) ) ) In respect of defined contribution plans: Total charge for defined contribution plans Total charge / (credit) for benefit plans ) ) ) 
 
 In accordance with ASC 715, defined benefit pension credit is split in the income statement, with million (2021: million; 2020: million) of expenses recognized within sales, general and administrative expenses and a credit of million (2021: million credit; 2020: million credit) recognized below operating income in the income statement. 
 ) Amortization of actuarial loss Actuarial loss recognized due to settlement event Prior service cost ) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive income / (loss) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income / (loss) ) 
 
 The estimated net loss for defined benefit plans included in AOCI that will be recognized in net periodic benefit cost during 2023 is million, consisting of amortization of net actuarial loss of million, partially offset by amortization of prior service credit of million. In accordance with ASC 715, recognition of all accumulated losses will be triggered at the settlement date of the planned buyout of the U.S. scheme.) ) Gross prior service credit Total included in AOCI not yet recognized in the statement of income ) ) 

75 

Expected return on assets Pre-2030 Retail Price Inflation n/a n/a n/a Consumer Price Inflation n/a n/a n/a Pension increases Pre 6 April 1997 n/a n/a n/a 1997 - 2005 n/a n/a n/a Post 5 April 2005 n/a n/a n/a Post-2030 Retail Price Inflation n/a n/a n/a Consumer Price Inflation n/a n/a n/a Pension increases Pre 6 April 1997 n/a n/a n/a 1997 - 2005 n/a n/a n/a Post 5 April 2005 n/a n/a n/a 
 The discount rate used for the UK Plan represents the annualized yield based on a cash-flow matched methodology, with reference to an AA corporate bond spot curve and having regard to the duration of the Plan s liabilities. The inflation rate is derived using a similar cash flow matched methodology as used for the discount rate but with regard to the difference between yields on fixed-interest and index-linked United Kingdom government gilts. The expected return on assets assumption is set with regard to the asset allocation and expected return on each asset class as of the balance sheet date. 
 / 
 / 
 Life expectancy of male / female in the U.K. aged 65 at 20 years after accounting date / 
 / 
 
 Investment strategies 
 For the principal defined benefit plan in the Company and the U.K., the Luxfer Group Pension Plan, (the "Plan," as defined above), the assets are invested in a diversified range of asset classes and include matching assets (comprising fixed-interest and index-linked bonds and swaps) and growth assets (comprising all other assets). The Trustees of the Plan have formulated a de-risking strategy to help control the short-term risk of volatility associated with holding growth assets. The Trustees also monitor the cost of a buy-in to secure pensioner liabilities with an insurance company to ensure they and the Company are able to act if such an opportunity arises. Other options to progressively reduce the scale of the liabilities are discussed between the Trustees and the Company. 
 
 76 

percent of assets in equity and other growth investments, with the intention of growing the value of assets relative to liabilities. The Company is at risk if the value of liabilities grows at a faster rate than the plans' assets, or if there is a significant fall in the value of these assets not matched by a fall in the value of liabilities. If any of these events occurred, it would be expected to lead to an increase in the Company's future cash contributions. 
 Special events 
 In 2021, the Company decided to terminate its U.S. Pension Plan. In accordance with ASC 715, the liabilities must be valued based on market expectations for the period over which the obligations are to be settled. The Company is committed to buying out the U.S. plan with an insurer in 2023, with the full buyout expected in early 2023. Therefore, at the 2022 year-end, the obligation reflects the expected cost of securing the plan's benefits with an insurer. 
 Government bonds Corporate bonds Cash Total fair value of plan assets 
 All investments, apart from cash, were classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. Cash is classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 (1) The expected payments reflect the current projection of benefits due to be paid. Upon completion of the d buyout this will be a nil value. The expected buyout completion date is in quarter one of 2023. 
 The estimated amount of employer deficit recovery contributions expected to be paid to the defined benefit pension plans for the year ending December 31, 2023, is (2022: actual employer contributions). There will also be an additional employer contribution into the U.S. plan as a result of the planned buyout, this is estimated to be approximately million. 
 77 

15. 
 each 
 (1) (1) Deferred ordinary shares of each 
 (1) (1) (1) (1) Allotted, called up and fully paid: 
 Ordinary shares of each 
 (1) (1) Deferred ordinary shares of each 
 (1) (1) (1) (1) 
 
 The rights of the shares are as follows: 
 Ordinary shares of each 
 The ordinary shares carry no entitlement to an automatic dividend but rank pari passu in respect of any dividend declared and paid. The ordinary shares were allotted and issued to satisfy share awards which vested under the Company's share award and share incentive plans. 
 At December 31, 2022, there were (2021: ordinary shares of Luxfer Holdings PLC listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). 
 Deferred ordinary shares of each 
 In July 2022 the Company made a payment of million to cancel the entirety of deferred shares held, million was reallocated to additional paid-in capital to reflect the capital reduction in deferred shares. 
 
 (b) Treasury Shares) Purchase of treasury shares ) Cancellation of treasury shares Utilization of treasury shares At December 31, 2021 ) Purchase of treasury shares ) Utilization of treasury shares At December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 In 2022, the Company purchased ordinary shares for a total cost of million. of these shares were utilized at million, with the remaining retained within Treasury shares. 
 In 2021, the Company purchased total shares for million. Of the shares repurchased in the year, at million have been cancelled. shares were utilized at million, with the remaining retained within Treasury shares. 
 At December 31, 2022, there were (2021: treasury shares held at a cost of million (2021: million). 
 78 

Utilization of ESOP shares At December 31, 2021 ) Utilization of ESOP shares At December 31, 2022 ) 
 At December 31, 2022, there were ordinary shares at each (2021: ordinary shares of each) held by The Luxfer Group Employee Share Ownership Plan (the "ESOP"). 
 
 (d) Dividends paid and proposed 
 per ordinary share) 
 Interim dividend paid May 6, 2020 per ordinary share) 
 Interim dividend paid August 5, 2020 per ordinary share) 
 Interim dividend paid November 4, 2020 per ordinary share) 
 Interim dividend paid February 4, 2021 per ordinary share) 
 Interim dividend paid May 5, 2021 per ordinary share) 
 Interim dividend paid August 4, 2021 per ordinary share) 
 Interim dividend paid November 3, 2021 per ordinary share) 
 Interim dividend paid February 2, 2022 per ordinary share) 
 Interim dividend paid May 4, 2022 per ordinary share) 
 Interim dividend paid August 3, 2022 per ordinary share) 
 Interim dividend paid November 2, 2022 per ordinary share) 

In millions 2022 2021 2020 Dividends declared and paid after December 31 (not recognized as a liability at December 31): 
 Interim dividend paid February 4, 2021: per ordinary share) 
 Interim dividend paid February 2, 2022: per ordinary share) 
 Interim dividend paid February 1, 2023: per ordinary share) 
 
 79 

16. 
 
 deferred shares 
 ordinary shares 
 At January 1, 2022 Shares utilized during the year ) Shares sold from the ESOP during the year ) At December 31, 2022 
 At December 31, 2022, the loan outstanding from the ESOP was million (2021: million). 
 The market value of each ordinary share held by the ESOP at December 31, 2022, was (2021: ). 
 (b) Share-based compensation 
 Luxfer Holdings PLC Long-Term Umbrella Incentive Plan and Luxfer Holdings PLC Non-Executive Directors Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 As an important retention tool and to align the long-term financial interests of our management with those of our shareholders, the Company adopted the Luxfer Holdings PLC Long-Term Umbrella Incentive Plan (the "LTIP") for the Company's senior employees and the Luxfer Holdings PLC Non-Executive Directors Equity Incentive Plan (the "Director EIP") for the Non-Executive Directors. 
 
 The equity or equity-related awards under the LTIP and the Director EIP are based on the ordinary shares of the Company. The Remuneration Committee administers the LTIP and has the power to determine to whom the awards will be granted, the amount, type and other terms. Awards granted under the LTIP generally vest one-quarter each year over a period, subject to continuous employment and certain other conditions, with the exercise period expiring after grant date. Awards granted under the Director EIP are non-discretionary, are purely time-based and vest over , with settlement occurring immediately on vesting. 
 80 

of Restricted Stock Units and Options over ordinary shares were granted under the LTIP, which were all time-based awards vesting over a period between three and and expiring later. Also throughout 2022, a maximum awards were granted based on the achievement of shareholder return targets. In May 2022, additional awards were granted under the LTIP, which were all time-based awards vesting over and an additional awards were granted under the LTIP, which vested immediately. In June 2022, a combined Restricted Stock Units and Options over ordinary shares were granted under the Director EIP, which were all time-based awards that would fully vest later. 
 In March 2021, a combined of Restricted Stock Units and Options over ordinary shares were granted under the LTIP, which were all time-based awards vesting over and expiring later. Also throughout 2021, a maximum awards were granted based on the achievement of shareholder return targets. In June 2021, a combined Restricted Stock Units and Options over ordinary shares were granted under the Director EIP, which were all time-based awards that would fully vest later. 
 In March 2020, a combined Restricted Stock Units and Options over ordinary shares were granted under the LTIP, which were all time-based awards vesting over and expiring later. In May 2020, a combined Restricted Stock Units and Options over ordinary shares were granted under the LTIP, which were all time-based awards vesting over and expiring later. Also throughout 2020, a maximum awards were granted based on the achievement of shareholder return targets. In June 2020, a combined Restricted Stock Units and Options over ordinary shares were granted under the Director EIP, which were all time-based awards that would fully vest later. In September 2020, a combined Restricted Stock Units and Options over ordinary shares were granted under the LTIP, which were all time-based awards vesting over and expiring later. 
 
 There were no cancellations or modifications to the awards in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 The actual tax benefit realized for the tax deductions from option exercises totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Granted during the year Exercised during the year ) Accrued dividend awards Lapsed during the year ) At December 31, 2022 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 Options expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The weighted average fair value of options granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was estimated to be , and per share, respectively. The total intrinsic value of options that were exercised during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to share options was million (2021: million). This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years (2021: years ). 
 81 

- 
 
 - 
 Expected volatility range ) - 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate ) - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected life of share options range (years) - 
 - 
 - 
 Forfeiture rate ) Weighted average exercise price ) Models used Black-Scholes Monte-Carlo Black-Scholes Monte-Carlo Black-Scholes Monte-Carlo 
 The expected life of the share options is based on historical data and current expectations and is not necessarily indicative of exercise patterns that may occur. The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility over a period similar to the life of the options is indicative of future trends, which may not necessarily be the actual outcome. 
 
 Employee share incentive plans The Company operates an all-employee share incentive plan in its U.K. and U.S. operations and may look to implement plans in other geographic regions. 
 82 

17. 
 core business segments, Gas Cylinders and Elektron, based primarily on shared economic characteristics for the nature of the products and services; the nature of the production processes; the type or class of customer for their products and services; the methods used to distribute their products or provide their services; and the nature of the regulatory environment. The Company has identified business units, which aggregate into the reportable segments. Luxfer Gas Cylinders forms the Gas Cylinders segment, and Luxfer MEL Technologies, Luxfer Magtech and Luxfer Graphic Arts aggregate into the Elektron segment. The Superform business unit used to aggregate into the Gas Cylinders segment but is now recognized within discontinued operations. A summary of the operations of the segments is provided below: 
 Gas Cylinders segment 
 Our Gas Cylinders segment manufactures and markets specialized highly-engineered cylinders, using composites and aluminum alloys, including pressurized cylinders for use in various applications including self-contained breathing apparatus (SCBA) for firefighters, containment of oxygen and other medical gases for healthcare, alternative fuel vehicles, and general industrial applications. 
 Elektron segment Our Elektron segment focuses on specialty materials based primarily on magnesium and zirconium, with key product lines including advanced lightweight magnesium alloys with a variety of uses across a variety of industries; magnesium powders for use in countermeasure flares, as well as heater meals; photo-engraving plates for graphic arts; and high-performance zirconium-based materials and oxides used as catalysts and in the manufacture of advances ceramics, fiber-optic fuel cells, and many other performance products. 
 Other 
 Other, as used below, primarily represents unallocated corporate expense and includes non-service related defined benefit pension cost / credit. 
 Management monitors the operating results of its reportable segments separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated by the chief operating decision maker, the CEO, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, using adjusted EBITA (1) and adjusted EBITDA, which is defined as segment income, and is based on operating income adjusted for share-based compensation charges; loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment; restructuring charges; acquisitions and disposals costs; other charges, and depreciation and amortization. 
 Unallocated assets and liabilities include those which are held on behalf of the Company and cannot be allocated to a segment, such as taxation, investments, cash, retirement benefits obligations, bank and other loans and holding company assets and liabilities. 
 Elektron segment Consolidated 
 During 2022 there were sales made from the Elektron segment to the Gas Cylinders segment (2021: and 2020: 
 Depreciation and amortization Restructuring Charges In millions 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Gas Cylinders segment Elektron segment Other segment Consolidated 
 (1) Adjusted EBITA is adjusted EBITDA less depreciation and loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment. 

83 

Elektron segment Other Discontinued operations 
 Share-based compensation charges ) ) ) Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Restructuring charges ) ) ) Acquisition and disposal costs ) ) Other charges ) ) Defined benefits pension credit Interest expense, net ) ) ) Provision for taxes ) ) ) Net income from continuing operations 
 Equity loss of unconsolidated affiliates for 2021 relates predominantly to the Gas Cylinders Segment. 
 U.K. Germany Italy France Top five countries Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Other (2) 

Property, plant and equipment, net In millions 2022 2021 United States United Kingdom Canada Rest of Europe Asia Pacific 
 (1) Net sales are based on the geographic destination of sale. 
 (2) Other represents Africa, Brazil, Canada, Mexico and Other Americas. 
 84 

18. 
 , with one building having years remaining. 
 None of our leases were classified as finance leases in any of the years disclosed. 
 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: 
 Years ended December 31, In millions 2022 2021 2020 Operating cash flows from operating leases 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were additional operating leases entered into totaling million (2021: million, 2020: million). These are non-cash items but will impact cash in future years. 
 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 
 December 31, December 31, In millions 2022 2021 Operating leases Operating lease right-of-use asset Other current liabilities Other non-current liabilities Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term (Years) Weighted Average Discount Rate 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total 

85 

19. 
 million (2021: million and 2020: million) for the acquisition of new plant and equipment. 
 Committed banking facilities 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had committed banking facilities of million with an additional million of uncommitted facilities through an accordion provision. Of these committed facilities, million was drawn at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company had a separate (uncommitted) facility for letters of credit, which at December 31, 2022, was million. million of this was utilized at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company also had a separate (uncommitted) bonding facility for bank guarantees; denominated in GBP sterling totaling million million) and million million) was utilized at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company has a separate overdraft facility of million, of which was drawn at December 31, 2022. 
 Additionally, the Company has various uncommitted transitional banking and foreign exchange lines available for day-to-day operational purposes. 
 At December 31, 2021 the Company had committed banking facilities of million with an additional million of uncommitted facilities through an accordion provision. Of the committed facilities, million was drawn at December 31, 2021. 
 The Company had a separate (uncommitted) facility for letters of credit, which at December 31, 2021, was million. million of this was utilized at December 31, 2021. 
 The Company also had a separate (uncommitted) bonding facility for bank guarantees; denominated in GBP sterling totaling million million) and million million) was utilized at December 31, 2021. 
 The Company has a separate overdraft facility of million, of which was drawn at December 31, 2021. 
 Additionally, the Company has various uncommitted transitional banking and foreign exchange lines available for day-to-day operational purposes. 
 Contingencies 

86 

20. 
 Gross profit Operating income Net income from continuing operations Earnings per ordinary share (1) 
 Basic earnings per ordinary share from continuing operations Diluted earnings per ordinary share from continuing operations 
 2021 In millions, except per-share data First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter Full Year Net sales Gross profit Operating income Net income from continuing operations Earnings per ordinary share (1) 
 Basic earnings per ordinary share from continuing operations Diluted earnings per ordinary share from continuing operations 
 (1) Amounts may not total to annual earnings because each quarter and year are calculated separately based on basic and diluted weighted-average ordinary shares outstanding during the period. 
 
 87 

21. 
 investment in the equity of the joint venture, Nikkei-MEL Company Limited. During 2022, the Elektron Segment made million of sales to the joint venture (2021: million). At December 31, 2022, the gross and net amounts receivable from the joint venture amounted to million (2021 : million). 
 In July 2020, the Company sold its investment in the equity of its previous joint venture (see note 3 Acquisitions and Disposals ), Luxfer Uttam India Private Limited. During 2020, prior to the sale, the Gas Cylinders Segment made million of sales to the joint venture. 
 Associates in which the Company holds an interest 
 During 2020, Sub161 Pty Limited, in which the Company held equity, was liquidated as it no longer traded. During 2020, there were sales made to or amounts receivable from the associate. 
 Transactions with other related parties 
 At Decem ber 31, 2022, the directors and key management comprising the members of the Executive Leadership Team owned ordinary shares (2021: ordinary shares) and held awards over a further ordinary shares (2021: ordinary shares). 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, share options held by members of the Executive Leadership Team were exercised. 
 Other than the transactions with the joint ventures, associates and key management personnel disclosed above, no other related-party transactions have been identified. 

22. 
 Landlord, with respect to N os non-payment of amounts owed under certain of the assigned leases in 2022. As a result of this information, and in accordance with ASC 360 and ASC 855, we have fully impaired the right of use asset, million, and recognized this through discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of income in 2022. 
 On February 28, 2023 the Company agreed to the full buyout of the U.S. pension plan with an insurer. Assets held in the pension plan, plus an additional employer contribution of approximately million, will be used to fund the buyout which we expect will be completed in early 2023. 
 88 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures for the period covered by this report, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"). Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the year ended December 31, 2022, to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
 
 Management has performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). 
 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which appears in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers; Management Contract 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company entered into a new employment contract (the New Employment Contract with Stephen Webster, Chief Financial Officer, to supersede his existing employment contract, originally dated May 31, 2016 and subsequently amended by an offer letter dated January 24, 2022 (collectively, the Prior Employment Contract ). The New Employment Contract aligns the terms and conditions of Mr. Webster s employment with those applicable to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and updates certain other terms, consistent with industry practice for the employment of executives with a U.S. domestic issuer. 
 The New Employment Contract is substantially similar to the Prior Employment Contract, except that the New Employment Contract (i) provides for a longer notice period; (ii) clarifies and amends the compensation payable to Mr. Webster upon termination of his employment; (iii) includes an explicit change in control provision, clarifying the compensation payable to Mr. Webster in the event of a change in control; and (iv) modifies the pension benefit payable to Mr. Webster. Other than modification to the pension benefit (as further detailed below), the compensation and benefit terms set forth in the New Employment Contract are consistent with the terms established upon Mr. Webster s appointment as Chief Financial Officer on March 1, 2022 and intended to apply from said date. 
 The key terms of the New Employment Contract are summarized below. The compensation and benefits payable to Mr. Webster are subject to annual review by the Company s Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer and may be modified in connection with such review. 
 
 89 

a. Continuation of Employment : Mr. Webster s term of employment as the Company s Chief Financial Officer commenced on March 1, 2022 and will continue unless terminated in accordance with clause 15 of the New Employment Contract. 
 b. Notice Period : The New Employment Contract increases the notice period applicable to both the Company and Mr. Webster from six (6) months or twelve (12) months (the Notice Period ). 
 c. Base Salary : Mr. Webster s base salary in 2022 was 200,000 per annum and in 2023 is 206,000 per annum. 
 d. Perquisite : Mr. Webster s perquisite allowance is 20,000 per annum. 
 e. Short-Term Incentive Compensation (Cash Bonus) : With respect to his annual cash bonus, Mr. Webster s target bonus opportunity is 50 of his annual base salary. 
 f. Long-Term Incentive Compensation (Equity Awards) : Mr. Webster s target annual equity award is equal to 65 of his annual base salary. On March 14, 2022, Mr. Webster was awarded 4,000 time-based stock options and 6,000 performance share units (at target and subject to the achievement of Earnings Per Share (EPS) Growth and Total Shareholder Return (TSR) performance metrics over the 2022-2024 performance period). 
 g. Pension Contributions : Given restrictions on the amount that can be contributed to pension schemes by high earners in the United Kingdom, Mr. Webster receives a salary supplement equal to 8 of his base salary in lieu of the Company s contributions to the Luxfer Retirement Savings Plan (the Pension Scheme ). Mr. Webster may choose to make contributions to the Pension Scheme, but no additional contributions will be made by the Company for the benefit of Mr. Webster. Before this modification, Mr. Webster participated in the Pension Scheme, and contributions and benefits were subject to the rules of the Pension Scheme. 
 h. Compensation Upon Termination : As set forth in clause 15.3 of the New Employment Contract, Mr. Webster will continue to receive the compensation and benefits described above and further detailed in clause 6 of the New Employment Contract through the end of the Notice Period, provided the Company does not exercise its right of payment in lieu of notice. Specifically, Mr. Webster will continue to earn a cash bonus during the Notice Period, and any outstanding equity awards will continue to vest during the Notice Period, in accordance with the applicable vesting schedule. If, as of the termination date, the actual cash bonus earned for the fiscal year has not been determined because the relevant performance period remains ongoing, Mr. Webster s bonus for the fiscal year in which his employment terminates will be paid at Budget level and pro-rated to reflect actual dates of service, including the Notice Period, during said fiscal year. Except in the event of termination for cause (as outlined in sub-clause 15.2.2 of the New Employment Contract) or a Change in Control (as detailed in clause 15.7 of the New Employment Contract), the Company reserves the right, in lieu of notice and without giving any reason, to (i) pay Mr. Webster his gross salary (less such tax and national insurance, and any pension contributions, as may be properly deductible) for the Notice Period or outstanding balance thereof; (ii) pay Mr. Webster a cash bonus for the fiscal year in which his employment terminates, which shall be the actual cash bonus earned for said fiscal year, or, if the actual cash bonus has not been determined because the relevant performance period remains ongoing, the cash bonus at Budget level and pro-rated to reflect actual dates of service, including the Notice Period, during said fiscal year; and (iii) immediately vest any equity awards that would have vested during the Notice Period or balance thereof. This arrangement differs from that disclosed in the Company s Proxy Statement on Form DEF 14A in relation to the 2022 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 27, 2022, in that only those equity awards that are scheduled to vest during the Notice Period or balance thereof will immediately be vested, as opposed to the immediate vesting of all outstanding time-based awards. The foregoing modification was made to align the terms of the New Employment Contract with the rules of the Luxfer Holdings PLC Long-Term Umbrella Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on June 8, 2022 (the LTIP ). Per the rules of the LTIP, any time-based awards that have not become vested or exercisable as of the termination date shall immediately lapse and any performance-based awards shall vest in accordance with the formula set forth in the LTIP, which considers performance as of the termination date and the total and elapsed number of days in the performance period. 
 i. Compensation Upon Change in Control : As set forth in clause 15.7 of the New Employment Contract, if Mr. Webster s employment is terminated in connection with a Change in Control and Mr. Webster does not receive an offer of employment for an Equivalent Position with a Successor, then Mr. Webster will be eligible to receive (i) a redundancy payment equal to two times his base salary at the annualized rate in effect on the termination date; (ii) a payment equal to the actual cash bonus earned for the year in which his employment terminates, as determined in accordance with the Executive Incentive Compensation Plan then in effect; however, if the actual cash bonus earned has not been determined as of the termination date because the relevant performance period remains ongoing, then the cash bonus will be paid at Budget level; (iii) immediate vesting of all outstanding, unvested time-based equity awards, which may be settled in cash or shares in accordance with the rules of the LTIP; and (iv) immediate vesting of any performance-based equity awards, which may be settled in cash or shares and which amount shall 
 90 

be calculated in accordance with the rules of the LTIP. This arrangement differs from that disclosed in the Company s Proxy Statement on Form DEF 14A in relation to the 2022 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 27, 2022, in that the payment representing the cash bonus will only be paid at Budget level if the actual cash bonus earned is not determined as of the termination date. 
 j. Restrictive Covenants : Mr. Webster is subject to restrictive covenants with respect to the disclosure of the Company s confidential information, solicitation of the Company s employees and customers, and activities which compete with the Company s business. 
 The foregoing summary of the terms and conditions of Mr. Webster s employment does not purport to be complete and is qualified, in its entirety, by reference to the full text of the New Employment Contract, which is filed as Exhibit 10.21 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 91 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the following sections of our definitive Proxy Statement related to the 2023 Annual General Meeting to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this annual report, (the "2023 Proxy Statement"): "Resolutions 1 - 5 - Election and Re-Election of Director Nominees," "Corporate Governance Matters" and "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance." 
 The Company has adopted a code of ethics which is applicable to all employees and is available on the corporate website, www.luxfer.com. A copy of the code can also be obtained, without charge, upon request. If there is an amendment to the code, then the nature of the amendment will also be made available of the corporate website. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the following sections of the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual General Meeting: Executive Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Director Compensation. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the following sections of the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual General Meeting: "Equity Compensation Plan Information" and "Security Ownership." 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the following sections of the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual General Meeting: "Policies and Procedures Regarding Conflicts of Interest and Related Party Transactions" and "Corporate Governance Matters." 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the following section of the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual General Meeting: "Resolution 9 - Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the independent auditors of Luxfer Holdings PLC for 2023, and to authorize, by binding vote, the Audit Committee to set the auditors remuneration". 
 
 92 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 The Financial Statements listed in the Index to Financial Statements in Item 8 are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 N/A 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 3.1 Articles of Association of the Registrant, initially filed with the SEC on December 2, 2011 and as amended on May 22, 2018 and as amended on May 15, 2019 
 4.1 Form of specimen certificate evidencing ordinary shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Registration Statement on Form F-1 (file no. 333-178278), as amended, initially filed with the SEC on December 2, 2011) 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement dated as of June 29, 2016 by and among BA Holdings, Inc. and the parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to our Annual Report on Form 20-F (file no. 001-35370), initially filed with the SEC on March 19, 2018) 
 10.2 Senior Facilities Agreement dated as of May 13, 2011, as amended and restated on July 31, 2017 by and among Luxfer Holdings PLC and the parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to our Annual Report on Form 20-F (file no. 001-35370), initially filed with the SEC on March 19, 2018) 
 10.3 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement dated as of March 13, 2017 by and among Luxfer Holdings PLC and the parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.5 to our Annual Report on Form 20-F (file no. 001-35370), initially filed with the SEC on March 19, 2018) 
 10.4 Amended and Restated Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement dated as of June 29, 2016 by and among Luxfer Holdings PLC and the parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.6 to our Annual Report on Form 20-F (file no. 001-35370), initially filed with the SEC on March 19, 2018) 
 10.5 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement and Private Shelf Agreement dated as of March 13, 2017 by and among Luxfer Holdings PLC and the parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.7 to our Annual Report on Form 20-F (file no. 001-35370), initially filed with the SEC on March 19, 2018) 
 10.6 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement and Private Shelf Agreement dated as of October 26, 2021 by and among Luxfer Holdings PLC and the parties named therein, initially filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022 
 10.7 Senior Facilities Agreement dated as of October 26, 2021 by and among Luxfer Holdings PLC and the parties named therein, initially filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022 
 10.8 Executive Share Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Registration Statement on Form F-1 (file no. 333-178278), as amended, initially filed with the SEC on December 2, 2011) 
 10.9 Long-Term Umbrella Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Annual Report on Form 20-F (file no. 001-35370), initially filed with the SEC on March 19, 2018) 
 10.10 Amended and Restated Non-Executive Director Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to our Annual Report on Form 20-F (file no. 001-35370), filed with the SEC on March 29, 2013) 
 10.11 The Luxfer Share Incentive Plan, initially filed with the SEC on March 11, 2019, amended May 15, 2019 
 10.12 The Luxfer Employee Stock Purchase Plan, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2019 
 10.13 Form of Executive Officer IPO Stock Option Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Registration Statement on Form F-1 (file no. 333-178278), as amended, initially filed with the SEC on December 2, 2011) 
 10.14 Form of Non-Executive Director IPO Stock Option Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Registration Statement on Form F-1 (file no. 333-178278), as amended, initially filed with the SEC on December 2, 2011) 
 10.15 Employment Agreements, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2019 
 10.16 Employment Agreements, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2019 , 
 93 

10.17 Employment Agreements, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2022 
 10.18 Employment Agreements, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2022 
 10.19 Employment Agreements, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2022 
 10.20 Employment Agreements, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2019 
 10.21 Employment Contract between Stephen Webster and Luxfer Holdings PLC, dated February 28, 2023 (certain information in this Exhibit has been redacted because it is immaterial and confidential) 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Company 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 31.1 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934-Andrew Butcher 
 31.2 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934-Stephen Webster 
 32.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code)-Andrew Butcher 
 32.2 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code)-Stephen Webster 
 101 The financial statements from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 94 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Luxfer Holdings plc (Registrant) /s/Andrew Butcher Andrew Butcher Chief Executive Officer (Duly Authorized Officer) March 1, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/Andrew Butcher Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director March 1, 2023 Andrew Butcher /s/Stephen M.D. Webster Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) March 1, 2023 Stephen M.D. Webster /s/Patrick K. Mullen Chairman of the Board and Director March 1, 2023 Patrick K. Mullen /s/Richard J. Hipple Director March 1, 2023 Richard J. Hipple /s/Sylvia A. Stein Director March 1, 2023 Sylvia A. Stein /s/Clive J. Snowdon Director March 1, 2023 Clive J. Snowdon /s/Lisa G. Trimberger Director March 1, 2023 Lisa G. Trimberger 
 
 95 

<EX-10.21>
 2
 a230228-contractofemploy.htm
 EX-10.21

a230228-contractofemploy 

LUXFER HOLDINGS PLC Lumns Lane Manchester, M27 8LN United Kingdom CERTAIN INFORMATION, SUCH AS PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION, HAS BEEN REDACTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE SUCH INFORMATION IS IMMATERIAL AND CONFIDENTIAL. EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT BETWEEN LUXFER HOLDINGS PLC AND STEPHEN WEBSTER 

1 THIS EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT BETWEEN (1) LUXFER HOLDINGS PLC (Company Registration No. 03690830) whose registered office is at Lumns Lane, Manchester, M27 8LN, United Kingdom (the Company or Luxfer and (2) STEPHEN WEBSTER of [ . MEANING OF WORDS USED Agreement means this Employment Contract; Board means the Board of Directors of Luxfer from time to time (including any committee of the Board duly appointed by it); Group Company means a holding company from time to time of the Company or any subsidiary or associated company from time to time of the Company or of any such holding company (for which purpose holding company and subsidiary have the meanings ascribed to them by Section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 as amended by Section 1160 from time to time and associated company means any company where any such holding company or subsidiary holds or controls more than 20 of the equity share capital); Luxfer Group means the Group Companies whose ultimate holding company is Luxfer; Person includes a body corporate and an unincorporated association of persons and references to a company include any body corporate; and Termination Date the date this Agreement terminates for any reason. RECITALS This Agreement contains the entire and only agreement and will govern the relationship between the Company and you from the Commencement Date, in substitution of all previous agreements and arrangements (whether written, oral, or implied) between the Company or any Group Company and you relating to your services; all of which you agree, by executing this Agreement, will be deemed to have terminated by mutual consent with effect from the Commencement Date. 1. APPOINTMENT, POSITION AND DURATION 1.1 You will be employed in the position as described in the schedule to this Agreement (the Schedule ). You will be employed in this position, subject to the terms of this Agreement and to any subsequent mutually agreed variation in your position, until this Agreement is terminated in accordance with clause 15 below. 1.2 Your employment with the Company in the position set out in the Schedule shall be deemed to have commenced on the Commencement Date shown in the Schedule. 1.3 You will, if and so long as you are required by the Company, carry out duties and/or act as a director, officer, or employee of the Company and/or any other Group Company. 1.4 If you have been appointed a director of the Company or a Group Company at any time, the Company is not obliged to ensure that you remain a director of that Company or Group Company within the meaning of Section 250 of the Companies Act 2006, as amended from time to time, and that your removal from the Board by a shareholders resolution if required by law or by any Group Company pursuant to a relevant Article of Association of the Company and/or Group Company does not amount to a breach 

2 of this Agreement by the Company. 2. DUTIES 2.1 You shall perform such duties and exercise such powers as shall, from time to time, be reasonably and lawfully required of you in your position or such other duties as may be required from time to time and as may be within your skill and capability. 2.2 Nothing in this Agreement requires the Company to allocate any, or any particular, duties to you or to provide you with any facilities or opportunity to work. 2.3 In the performance of your obligations under this Agreement, you are required at all times to obey such instructions as may be given to you from time to time by the Company or the Board and to comply with all policies and procedures relating to equal opportunities, harassment, health and safety, bribery, competition and with all other rules and procedures introduced by the Company from time to time, including, but not limited to, Luxfer s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and Insider Trading Policy. For the avoidance of doubt such rules, policies and procedures do not form a part of your contract of employment and are not incorporated by reference into this Agreement. They can be changed, replaced, or withdrawn at any time at the discretion of the Company. Breach of any rules, policies, or procedures may result in disciplinary action. 2.4 During the course of your employment, you shall: 2.4.1 promptly make such reports to the Chief Executive Officer of Luxfer or the Board in connection with the affairs of the Company and any Group Company on such matters and at such times as reasonably required; 2.4.2 report your own wrongdoing and any wrongdoing or proposed wrongdoing of any other employee or director of the Company or a Group Company to the Chief Executive Officer of Luxfer or the Board, as appropriate, immediately on becoming aware of it; 2.4.3 consent to the Company monitoring and recording any use that you make of the Company's electronic communication systems for the purpose of ensuring that the Company s rules are being complied with and for legitimate business purposes; 2.4.4 comply with the requirements under both legislation and regulation as to the disclosure of inside information; 2.4.5 comply with the Articles of Association of the Company and any constitutional documents of any Group Company (as amended from time to time) of which you are a director or officer. 3. HOURS OF WORK There are no fixed hours of work for this employment. You are required to work such hours as may be necessary for the proper performance of your duties. Normal office hours will be advised to you by the Company, but you will be expected to work additional hours and any time off in lieu is entirely at the Company's discretion and subject to the needs of the business. 4. EXPENSES You will be reimbursed for all out-of-pocket expenses reasonably and properly incurred by you in the performance of your duties under this Agreement in accordance with Luxfer s UK Expenses Policy and Global Business Travel Policy. Copies of these policies can be obtained 

3 from the Company Secretary. For the avoidance of doubt these policies are not incorporated by reference into this. Agreement and they may be changed, replaced, or withdrawn at any time at the discretion of the Company. Breach of these policies may result in disciplinary action. 5. LOCATION Your normal place of work will be the Company's premises as specified in the Schedule. You may, however, be required on a temporary basis and from time to time to perform the duties hereunder at and from any of the Company's or Group Company's premises and shall undertake such travel within the United Kingdom and overseas as the Company shall reasonably require. It is understood and agreed by you that you may be required to perform duties outside the United Kingdom (but not reside outside the United Kingdom, other than for the reasonable conclusion of these duties). 6. REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS During the course of your employment, you will receive the following:- 6.1 Base Salary You shall be paid, with effect from the Commencement Date, a gross annual salary as described in the Schedule, which will accrue from day to day and be payable by equal monthly instalments on the 15th day of each month direct to your bank account. Your remuneration shall be reviewed annually by the Chief Executive Officer and/or Board on behalf of the Company on or about the 1 January in each year or such other date as the Chief Executive Officer, in his sole discretion, shall determine. Neither the Company, Board, nor the Chief Executive Officer shall be under any obligation to award an increase following a review of your remuneration. If you have been appointed as a director of the Company or a Group Company at any time, your salary will be inclusive of any director's fees to which you may be entitled for your service as a director of the Company or any Group Company. 6.2 Bonus You will be entitled to participate in the discretionary Luxfer Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (the Bonus Scheme ). Participation in the Bonus Scheme is subject to the rules of the Bonus Scheme which shall be reviewed from time to time, and which may be amended, replaced, or withdrawn in the Company's absolute discretion. Within three months of a particular bonus year commencing, the Company will write to you with details of the targets (including Company-wide and individual performance objectives, as applicable) which must be achieved for a bonus to become payable, and which has a maximum bonus opportunity in your case as specified in the Schedule. The Company may alter the terms of any bonus targets or withdraw them altogether at any time without prior notice. Participation in or payments under any such Bonus Scheme for any year will not confer any right upon you to be paid a bonus the following year or subsequent years. Any payments are conditional on the Company being satisfied with your conduct and performance up to the date of payment, are purely discretionary and shall not form part of your contractual remuneration under this Agreement. 6.3 Equity Awards 6.3.1 You will be entitled to participate in the Luxfer Holdings Long-Term Umbrella Incentive Plan LTIP ). Participation in the LTIP is subject to the rules of the 

4 LTIP, which shall be reviewed from time to time, and which may be amended, replaced, or withdrawn in the Company's absolute discretion. During each year of employment, you will be eligible to earn equity awards pursuant to the LTIP; the value of such awards, as a percentage of base salary, shall be determined by the Chief Executive Officer and/or Board of Directors on an annual basis in accordance with the remuneration review procedure set forth in clause 6.1. For 2022, your target annual LTIP award is 65 of your base salary. 6.3.2 Under the terms of the current version of the Luxfer s Insider Trading Policy which the Company has adopted, in this position you will be classed as a Covered Person for insider trading purposes and must obtain permission under that policy to trade any Luxfer shares in accordance with the rules set out in the policy. 6.4 Pension Given restrictions on the amount that can be contributed into pension schemes by high earners in the UK, you are entitled to a salary supplement as a percentage of base salary in lieu of pension contributions. You are entitled to be a member of the Company's Pension Scheme specified in the Schedule, but no additional contributions by the Company will be made. You may choose how much or how little to pay into the Pension Scheme out of your salary supplement. The salary supplement will not be counted as base salary for any purpose. Unless otherwise set forth in the Schedule, contributions and benefits will be in accordance with the rules of the Pension Scheme, which may change from time to time, and these are set out in a separate booklet. 6.5 Life Assurance For its own benefit, the Company has a 24-hour accident insurance arrangement which will provide up to five times annual salary in the event of your accidental death, or where you sustain specific injuries whilst on the Company's business. The benefits under the policy in respect of you are payable to the Company. However, the Company may, at its sole discretion, make payment to you of some or all of the benefits received by it under the policy in accordance with any wishes expressed by you in the 'Expression of Wish Form.' This form can be obtained from the Company's Personnel Department and should be completed and returned as soon as possible. For your benefit, during your employment, you will be entitled to participate at the Company's expense in the life assurance scheme as possible and appropriate (subject at all times to its rules, which may change from time to time). 6.6 Medical and Dental Insurance You are entitled to participate, at the Company's expense, in the Luxfer Group Corporate Health Care Scheme, subject to the rules of the relevant Scheme, for your benefit and your spouse and all dependent children living at home under the age of 21, or under 24 if in full time education. You are entitled to participate, at the Company's expense, in the Dental Expenses Scheme, subject to the rules of the relevant Scheme, for the benefit of you and your spouse. 

5 6.7 Annual Medical Examination In addition, you are encouraged to have an annual medical examination for which the Company will pay. 6.8 Insurance Schemes Any insurance scheme or policy which is provided for your benefit is subject to the Company's right to alter the terms of cover provided or any term of the scheme or policy from time to time. Benefits under any insurance scheme shall be subject to the rules of that scheme and the terms of any applicable insurance policy and are conditional on you complying with and satisfying any applicable requirements of the insurers. Copies of these rules and policies and particulars of the requirements as amended from time to time shall be provided to you on request. The Company shall not have any liability to pay any benefit to you under any insurance scheme, unless it receives payment of the benefit from the insurer under the scheme and shall not be responsible for providing you with any benefit under an insurance scheme in the event that the relevant insurer refuses for whatever reason to pay or provide or to continue to pay or provide that benefit to you. 6.9 Company Vehicle and/or Perks Allowance While you hold a valid driving licence, the Company shall, at its option, in accordance with the Senior Executive Car Policy: 6.9.1 Provide you with a company car as specified in the Schedule in accordance with the Senior Executive Car Policy (as amended from time to time), for use in the performance of your duties under this Agreement. The Company will pay the costs of maintaining, taxing, repairing, and insuring the company car. The Company shall reimburse you fully for all properly incurred expenses in connection with the business use of the company car in accordance with Luxfer s UK Expenses Policy and Global Business Travel Policy, as amended from time to time. Use of the company car shall, at all times, be subject to the Luxfer Group Work Related Road Safety Handbook in force from time to time. In particular, you shall take good care of your company car and ensure that the provisions and conditions of any policy of insurance relating to it are observed in all respects. You shall notify the Company immediately of any accident involving your company car in which you are involved in the course of your duties and of any charge brought against you for a motoring offence. You shall keep a record of all persons who use your company car with permission pursuant to the Luxfer Group Work Related Road Safety Handbook and the date upon which they use it, and you shall provide such information to the Company immediately on request. On the termination of your employment, you are required to return your company car, together with all keys and relevant documentation, to the Company at its principal place of business or as otherwise directed by the Company; or 6.9.2 Pay you a perks allowance for use of your own car as specified in the Schedule in accordance with the Senior Executive Car Policy, which shall be payable together with and in the same manner as the salary in accordance with clause 

6 6.1. The car allowance shall not be treated as part of your basic salary for any purpose and shall not be pensionable. The Company shall reimburse you in respect of fuel costs for business miles at the Company's business mileage rate in accordance with UK Expenses Policy and Global Business Travel Policy, as amended from time to time. Use of your own car shall be subject to the Senior Executive Car Policy and the Luxfer Group Work Related Road Safety Handbook in force from time to time. In addition, and in particular, you shall take good care of your car and ensure that the provisions and conditions of any policy of insurance relating to it are observed in all respects. You shall immediately inform the Company if you are disqualified from driving, and you shall cease to be entitled to receive the perks allowance or reimbursement of fuel expenses under this sub-clause 6.9.2. 7. HOLIDAYS 7.1 In addition to normal public holidays, you shall be entitled to the number of working days' paid holiday in each holiday year as specified in the Schedule, such holiday to be taken at such time or times as may be approved by the Company. 7.2 The Company's holiday year is from 1 April up to and including 31 March. In the respective holiday years in which your employment commences or terminates, your entitlement to holiday shall accrue on a pro rata basis for each completed calendar month of service during the relevant year. 7.3 If, on the termination of your employment, you have exceeded your accrued holiday entitlement, the value of such excess, calculated by reference to clause 7.2 and your salary, may be deducted from any sums due to you and if there are no such sums due, you shall repay such excess to the Company on such termination. If you have unused holiday entitlement, the Company may either require you to take such unused holiday during any Notice Period or make a payment to you in lieu of it, calculated as above. 7.4 Holiday entitlement for one holiday year cannot be taken in subsequent holiday years unless otherwise agreed by the Company. Failure to take holiday entitlement in the appropriate holiday year will lead to forfeiture of any accrued holiday not taken without any right to payment in lieu of it. 7.5 Where there are shutdowns at your place of work, you must, if required to do so, take part of your holiday entitlement at these times. Otherwise, you may take your holiday entitlement by mutual agreement with the Chief Executive Officer. 7.6 If you fall ill during your annual holiday, you may take further holidays to cover the period of sickness. However, to do this, you must provide a medical certificate to cover the period of sickness and obtain the agreement of the Chief Executive Officer before taking further holiday. 8. SICKNESS BENEFIT 8.1 In the event that you are prevented by illness, accident, or other injury from properly performing your duties, subject to your compliance with this clause 8 and the Company's approval, you shall be entitled to receive sickness benefits in accordance with the Company's Sickness Absence Policy. This policy may be amended from time to time at the Company's discretion. 

7 Any payments made under this clause will include any Statutory Sick Pay payable and when it is exhausted will be reduced by Social Security Sickness Benefit or other benefits recoverable by you (whether or not recovered). For the avoidance of doubt, your right to receive Company sickness payments will not prejudice or in any way limit the Company's right to terminate your employment pursuant to this Agreement. 8.2 You will notify the Company as soon as possible and at least by 10: 00 AM on the first day of your absence the fact of your absence and the reason and on each day thereafter. If the incapacity continues for a period of seven days or more, you will produce to the Company medical certificates for the duration of your absence. 8.3 Whether or not you are absent by reason of sickness, injury, or other incapacity, you will, at the request of the Company, agree to have a medical examination by a doctor appointed and paid for by the Company, and you authorise the Company to have unconditional access to any report or reports (including copies) produced as a result of any examination from time to time by the Company. 8.4 If you are incapable of performing your duties by reason of circumstances where you have a claim for compensation against a third party and you recover compensation for loss of earnings whether from a third party or otherwise, you shall repay a sum equal to the amount recovered, or if less, any amounts paid to you by the Company during your absence. 8.5 The rights of the Company to terminate your employment under this Agreement apply even when such termination would or might cause you to forfeit any entitlement to sick pay, permanent health insurance, or other benefits. 9. DEDUCTION FROM PAY You authorise the Company to deduct from your salary, any pay in lieu of notice, commission, bonus, holiday and sick pay, or any termination payment any sums which you may owe to the Company, including, without limitation, any overpayment of salary or expenses, any debt or loans or any other sum or sums which may be required to be authorised pursuant to Section 13 of the Employment Rights Act 1996. 10. EXCLUSIVITY OF SERVICE 10.1 During the continuance of this Agreement (including during any period of 'garden leave' pursuant to clause 15.4 below) you shall, unless prevented by ill health, devote the whole of your time and attention to the business of the Company and any Group Company for which you have responsibility and shall not, without the previous consent of the Company in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), engage in any other employment or business or hold any position honorary or otherwise in any company, business, partnership, or other organization provided always that nothing in this clause 10.1 shall preclude you from holding or being otherwise interested in any other shares or other securities of any company which are for the time being quoted on any recognised stock exchange, so long as your interest therein does not extend to more than 100th part of the aggregate amount of such security. 10.2 You are required to comply at all times and in all respects with the Company's requirements on declaration of interest, and those required by the Companies Act 2006, as amended from time to time, and any other regulation, statute, or legislation applicable to you as an officer and/or director of the Company or a Group Company in any relevant jurisdiction and to promptly notify the Chief Executive Officer of Luxfer and/or the Company Secretary of the Company, as appropriate, in writing of any financial or other beneficial interest in outside activities whether as principal, partner, 

8 director, sole trader, or otherwise. Failure to disclose such interest will be considered by the Company to be gross misconduct. 11. CONFIDENTIALITY AND INTEGRITY 11.1 In the course of your employment, you will acquire confidential information about the Company (and any Group Company) and its performance, products, plans, systems and processes, customers, and suppliers, including secret information of a technical nature as to the design, operation, specifications, costing, and development of products. You will also have close contact with and knowledge of the Company's customers with whom you deal and fellow employees. 11.2 You must at all times (whether during your employment or after it terminates) keep confidential, and must not, except with the express prior written permission of the Company or where necessary in the proper exercise of your duties, directly or indirectly, use or disclose to any third party, including any employee of the Company not authorised to receive such information, or fail to keep properly secure from disclosure, all secret or confidential information of whatever kind that may have come to your knowledge during or as a result of your employment by the Company, including, but without limitation, information relating to the Company, its technical processes, business plans, finances, staff, customers, prospective customers, suppliers or products, information of a like kind relating to any Group Company, information which has been disclosed to the Company in confidence by a third party, and any other information of a kind that would usually be regarded as secret or confidential. 11.3 For the avoidance of doubt, you will not, without limit of time, disclose to any other person, directly or indirectly, without the prior written permission of the Company or use for your own purposes or those of any other person any secret or confidential information about the Company, its products, business, customers, suppliers, or employees, including without limitation:- 11.3.1 the identity and terms of business of any supplier of the Company; 11.3.2 the identity of any customer of the Company, and information as to products supplied to such customer, prices charged for any such products, and requirements, and likely future requirements of such customer; 11.3.3 the design and constructions of any of the Company's processes or products or any proposed or potential process or product and any information as to the software systems, engineering specifications, or manufacturing methods of any such product or proposed or potential product; 11.3.4 the Company's business plans and intentions; 11.3.5 any information disclosed in confidence to the Company by any third party; 11.3.6 levels of salaries and other remuneration and benefits payable to individual employees of the Company; and 11.3.7 any confidential information of a similar nature to the foregoing relating to any other Group Company, being in each case information which you have acquired in the course of or by reason of your employment with the Company. This clause 11 does not prevent you from disclosure or use of information which has at the time entered the public domain, otherwise than by your wrongful act or omission, or disclosure in obedience to an order of a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction. 

9 The provisions of this clause 11 are without prejudice to your duties and obligations to be implied into this Agreement at common law. 11.4 Except in the proper course of your duties under this Agreement, you will not remove from the Company or any Group Company premises or copy or allow others to copy the contents of any document, computer disk, tape or other tangible item which contains confidential information, or which belongs to the Company or any Group Company. 11.5 You must not at any time make any untrue, misleading, or disparaging statement relating to the Company or a Group Company. 11.6 Nothing in this clause shall be construed as preventing you from making a protected disclosure within the meaning of the Public Interest Disclosure Act 1998, as amended, but you are advised to refer to the Company's disclosure policy on the subject before doing so. 11.7 Any deliberate or culpable misuse or disclosure in breach of this clause will be treated as gross misconduct and may result in summary dismissal. 11.8 If you have been appointed a director of the Company or any Group Company at any time and if any circumstances should arise in which it becomes necessary for you to seek separate independent legal advice about your fiduciary responsibilities as a director of the Company and/or Group Company or about any potential conflict between your duties owed to the Company and your duties owed to any Group Company, you shall comply with the Luxfer Board policy on independent professional advice for directors, as amended from time to time, a copy of which can be obtained from the Company Secretary of Luxfer. 12. COMPANY PROPERTY All notes, memoranda, drawings, designs, sketches, formulae, computer software, prototypes or other equipment or materials (by whatever medium made kept or stored) concerning the business of the Company (or any supplier or customer of the Company) or Group Company as shall be made or received by you during the course of your employment shall be the property of the Company or the relevant Group Company and shall be surrendered by you to someone duly authorised in that behalf at the termination of your employment or on the request of the Company at any time during the course of your employment. 13. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 13.1 In this clause 13 Intellectual Property means any: 13.1.1 concept, discovery, invention, process, procedure, development, or improvement in process or procedure; 13.1.2 data, design, formula, model, plans, drawings, documentation, database, computer program or software (including related preparatory and design materials), whether registrable or not and whether or not copyright or design rights subsist in it; and 13.1.3 idea, method, information, or know-how which is made, discovered, created, or generated by you, whether alone or with others, and in the course of your employment which relates to or affects the business of the Company or any Group Company or which is capable of being used or adapted for use in connection with any such company. 13.2 Without prejudice to the provisions of the Patents Act 1977, the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988, and any other applicable legislation: 

10 13.2.1 you must immediately disclose to the Company or the relevant Group Company full details of any Intellectual Property; 13.2.2 if the rights in the Intellectual Property belong to the Company or a Group Company or are capable of doing so, you will act as trustee for the Company or the relevant Group Company in relation to them; 13.2.3 if requested by the Company or a Group Company whether during your employment or after the Termination Date you will at the expense of the Company or the relevant Group Company do everything necessary (including executing documents) to: (i) protect all current and future rights in the Intellectual Property (by applying for letters patent or other appropriate form of protection) in the United Kingdom or any other part of the world; (ii) vest, transfer, or assign such protection or right as the case may be to the Company or the relevant Group Company or its nominee with full title guarantee and the right to sue for past infringement and recover damages; and (iii) to provide all reasonable assistance as the Company or the relevant Group Company may require to obtain, maintain, or enforce rights to the Intellectual Property. 13.2.4 you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive in favour of the Company or the relevant Group Company the moral rights conferred on you by the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988 (and all similar rights in other jurisdictions) in respect of any Intellectual Property right in which the copyright is vested in the Company or the relevant Group Company under this clause or otherwise; 13.2.5 you hereby agree not to publish or disclose to any third party any information regarding Intellectual Property or do anything which may prejudice any patent or protection of Intellectual Property; and 13.2.6 pending the execution of documents necessary to effect your obligations under this clause 13, you agree to hold all rights and interest in the Intellectual Property as a bare trustee for the Company (or any Group Company). 14. EXECUTION OF DOCUMENTS AND POWER OF ATTORNEY You hereby irrevocably authorise the Company or the relevant Group Company to appoint a person to execute any documents and to do everything necessary to effect your obligations under clause 13 on your behalf. 15. TERMINATION 15.1 Termination By You Subject to the Notice Period specified in the Schedule, you may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving notice in writing to the Company. The Notice Period specified in the Schedule must expire at the end of a calendar month. 15.2 Termination by the Company 15.2.1 Subject to the Notice Period specified in the Schedule, the Company may terminate your employment under this Agreement at any time by giving you notice in writing. 15.2.2 The Company may terminate your employment under this Agreement, at any time, summarily, without payment in lieu of notice or any other compensation, if you are found by the Company to have: 

11 (i) committed gross misconduct, gross incompetence, repeat or continue any other material breach or non-observance of your obligations under this Agreement, or refused or neglected to comply with any reasonable and lawful direction of the Board; (ii) committed, been charged with, or convicted of any criminal offence other than an offence which does not in the reasonable opinion of the Company affect your position under this Agreement; (iii) breached Luxfer's Anti-Corruption Policy or related procedures; (iv) become bankrupt or made any arrangement or composition with your creditors generally; (v) resigned or vacated your office as an officer or director of the Company or any Group Company otherwise than by agreement with or at the request of the Company or such Group Company; (vi) become of unsound mind which includes lacking capacity under the Mental Capacity Act 2005, or a patient under any statute relating to mental health); (vii) engaged in any conduct which brings, or has the potential to bring, yourself or the Company or any Group Company into disrepute; or (viii) been found guilty of a breach of the requirements, rules, or regulations, as amended from time to time, of the New York Stock Exchange, the False Claims Act, the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU) and any directly applicable regulation made under such regulations or any regulatory authorities relevant to the Company or any Group Company or any code of practice, policy, or procedures issued by the Company (as amended from time to time) relating to dealing in the securities of the Company and any Group Company; or (ix) been, in the reasonable opinion of the Board, negligent and/or incompetent in the performance of your duties. 15.3 Receipt of Remuneration during Notice Period and Payment in Lieu of Notice 15.3.1 Except in the event of termination by the Company pursuant to sub-clause 15.2.2 or a Change in Control (as detailed in clause 15.7), should you or the Company provide notice of termination, you will continue to receive the remuneration and benefits described in clause 6 of this Agreement through the end of the Notice Period, provided the Company does not exercise its right of payment in lieu of notice as detailed in sub-clause 15.3.2. The following terms and conditions shall apply with respect to the payment of the bonus and vesting of any equity awards during the Notice Period and on the Termination Date: (i) you shall continue to be eligible for participation in the Bonus Scheme, and earn a bonus, during the Notice Period. If, as of the Termination Date, the actual bonus amount earned has not been determined because the relevant performance period remains ongoing, your bonus for the fiscal year in which your employment terminates shall be paid at Budget level and pro-rated to reflect your actual dates of service, including the Notice Period, during said fiscal year; and (ii) any unvested equity awards awarded to you pursuant to the LTIP will continue to vest during the Notice Period, in accordance with the applicable vesting schedule. 

12 15.3.2 Except in the event of termination by the Company pursuant to sub-clause 15.2.2 or a Change in Control (as detailed in clause 15.7), should you or the Company provide notice of termination, the Company reserves the right in lieu of notice and without giving any reason to (i) make a payment equal to your gross salary (less such tax and national insurance, and any pension contributions, as may be properly deductible) for the Notice Period or outstanding balance thereof; (ii) make a payment equal to the bonus for the fiscal year in which your employment terminates, as determined in accordance with sub-clause 15.3.1(i); and (iii) immediately vest any equity awards that would have vested during the Notice Period or balance thereof in accordance with sub-clause 15.3.2(ii), in which case your employment will end on the date in which the Company makes such payment and vests said equity awards, without any further liability on the part of the Company under this Agreement. At any time during the balance of the Notice Period given by you or the Company under clause 15.1 or 15.2(i), the Company may exercise its rights under this clause 15.3.2 for all or any part of the outstanding Notice Period. 15.4 Garden Leave and/or Exclusion 15.4.1 After notice of termination has been given by either party pursuant to clause 15 or if you seek to or indicate an intention to terminate your employment without notice, provided that you continue to be paid and enjoy your full contractual benefits until your employment terminates in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Company may in its absolute discretion without breaking the terms of this Agreement or giving rise to any claim against the Company or any Group Company for all or part of the Notice Period (as the case may be): (i) exclude you from the premises of the Company and/or any Group Company; (ii) require you to carry out specified duties (consistent with your status, role, and experience) for the Company and/or any Group Company other than those referred to in clause 2 or to carry out no duties; (iii) announce to employees, suppliers, and customers of the Company and/or any Group Company and the New York Stock Exchange or other applicable regulatory body that you have been given notice of termination or have resigned (as the case may be); (iv) instruct you not to communicate orally or in writing with suppliers, customers, employees, agents, or representatives of the Company and/or any Group Companies until your employment under his Agreement has terminated; (v) (If you have been appointed a director of the Company or any Group Company at any time) request you to give notice resigning immediately, without claim for compensation (but without prejudice to any claim you may have for damages for breach of this Agreement): (a) as a director of the Company and all such Group Companies of which you are a director; and (b) all trusteeships held by you of any pension scheme or other trusts established by the Company or any Group Company or any other company with which you have had dealings as a consequence of your employment with the Company. 

13 For the avoidance of doubt, your duties and obligations under clause 2 and, those to be implied into this Agreement at common law continue to apply during any period of exclusion pursuant to this clause. 15.4.2 On commencement of any period of exclusion pursuant to sub-clause 15.4.1, you will deliver up to the Company in accordance with clause 12 all property belonging to the Company or any Group Company. During any period of exclusion pursuant to clause 15.4, you will not be entitled to accrue holiday or any bonus. Any untaken holiday entitlement accrued up to the date of commencement of leave should be taken during the leave period. You agree to notify the Company of any days or days during the exclusion period when you will be unavailable due to holiday and will endeavour to agree convenient holiday dates in advance with the Company. 15.5 Reasonable Assistance Before and after termination of your employment, you will provide the Company and/or any Group Company with reasonable assistance regarding matters of which you have knowledge and/or experience in any proceedings or possible proceedings in which the Company and/or Group Company is or may be a party. 15.6 Duties Upon Notice of Termination At any time after notice (including summary notice) to terminate this Agreement has been served or received by the Company, the Company may require you to: (i) transfer, without payment, to the Company (or as the Company may direct) any nominee shareholdings provided to you by or held by you in or on behalf of any Group Company; and/or (ii) return to the Company on request any documents, computer disks and tapes and other tangible items in your possession or under your control which belong to the Company or any Group Company or which contain or refer to any confidential information; and/or (iii) delete all confidential information from any computer, disks, tapes, or other re- usable material in your possession or under your control and destroy all other documents and tangible items in your possession or under your control which contain or refer to any confidential information; and/or (iv) resign immediately, without additional compensation, from any office that you hold in or on behalf of any Group Company; and/or (v) provide a signed statement that you have complied fully with your obligations under this clause 15.6, together with such reasonable evidence of compliance as the Company may request. If you fail to comply with clauses 15.6(i) through 15.6(v) within seven days of being required, the Company is hereby irrevocably authorised to appoint some person in your name and on your behalf to sign any document or do anything necessary or requisite to effect such resignation(s) and/or transfer(s) (without prejudice to any claims which you may have against the Company arising out of this Agreement or its termination). 15.7 Change in Control 15.7.1 For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control will be deemed to have occurred upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 

14 (i) the acquisition by any individual, entity or group [within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time (the Exchange Act )] (a Person of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of voting securities of the Company where such acquisition causes such Person to own 35 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (i), the following acquisitions will not be deemed to result in a Change in Control: (A) any acquisition by the Company or a Group Company, (B) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any Group Company, or (C) any acquisition by any Person pursuant to a transaction that complies with clauses (A), (B) and (C) of subsection (iii) below; provided, further, that if at least a majority of the members of the Incumbent Board determines in good faith that a Person has acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 35 or more of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities inadvertently, and such Person divests as promptly as practicable a sufficient number of shares so that such Person beneficially owns (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) less than 35 of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities, then no Change in Control will have occurred as a result of such Person s acquisition and provided, further, that if any Person s beneficial ownership reaches or exceeds 35 as a result of a reduction in the number of the Company s ordinary shares then outstanding due to the repurchase of ordinary shares by the Company, unless and until such time as such Person will purchase or otherwise become the beneficial owner of additional voting securities of the Company representing 1 or more of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities; (ii) individuals who, as of the Commencement Date, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Board as modified by this subsection (ii)) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the Commencement Date whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board (either by specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company in which such person is named as a nominee for director, without objection to such nomination) will be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; (iii) the consummation of a reorganization, merger, or consolidation or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or the acquisition of assets of another company or other transaction Business Combination excluding, however, such a 

15 Business Combination pursuant to which (A) the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 65 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the entity resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, an entity that as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such reorganization, merger or consolidation of the outstanding ordinary shares, (B) no Person (excluding any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or a Group Company, the Company, a Group Company, or such entity resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 30 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the entity resulting from such Business Combination, and (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the company resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; or (iv) approval by the Company s shareholders of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company except pursuant to a Business Combination that complies with clauses (A), (B) and (C) of subsection (iii) above. 15.7.2 If your employment by the Company is terminated in connection with a Change in Control where the Transfer of Undertakings (Protection of Employment) Regulations 2006 do not apply and: (i) you receive an offer or employment with any company or Person concerned with such Change in Control (each a Successor and (ii) the offer is for employment of a similar nature (whether or not involving a change of status) and on terms generally no less favourable than those of your employment under this Agreement (an Equivalent Position then you shall not be entitled to any additional remuneration or benefits with respect to the Change in Control, and you shall have no claim against the Company in respect of the termination of your employment. 15.7.3 If your employment by the Company is terminated in connection with a Change in Control (other than in circumstances set forth in sub-clause 15.2.2) and you do not receive an offer of employment for an Equivalent Position with a Successor, then the Company shall pay you the following remuneration and benefits: (i) a redundancy payment equal to two times your base salary at the annualized rate in effect on the Termination Date (less such tax and national insurance, and any pension contributions, as may be properly deductible); 

16 (ii) your actual bonus earned for the fiscal year in which your employment terminates (less such tax and national insurance, and any pension contributions, as may be properly deductible). If, as of the Termination Date, the actual bonus amount earned has not been determined because the relevant performance period remains ongoing, your bonus for the fiscal year in which your employment terminates shall be paid at Budget level; and (iii) immediate vesting of outstanding equity awards in accordance with the Change in Control rules of the LTIP. 16. RESTRICTIONS FOLLOWING TERMINATION 16.1 In this clause 16 the following expressions have the following meanings: Critical Person any person who was an employee, agent, director, consultant or independent contractor employed, appointed, or engaged by the Company or any Relevant Group Company at any time within the Relevant Period who by reason of such employment, appointment or engagement and in particular his/her seniority and expertise or knowledge of trade secrets or confidential information of the Company or any Group Company or knowledge of or influence over the clients, customers or suppliers of the Company or any Group Company is likely to be able to assist or benefit a business in or proposing to be in competition with the Company or any Relevant Group Company; Products or Services products or services which are of the same kind as or of a materially similar kind to or competitive with any products or services sold or supplied by the Company or any Relevant Group Company within the Relevant Period prior to you leaving the Company for whatever reason; Relevant Customer any person, firm, company, or organisation who or which at any time during the Relevant Period is or was: negotiating with the Company or a Relevant Group Company for the sale or supply of the Relevant Products or Services; or a client or customer of the Company or any Relevant Group Company for the sale or supply of Relevant Products or Services; or in the habit of dealing with the Company or any Relevant Group Company for the sale or supply of Relevant Products or Services and in each case with whom or which you were directly concerned or connected or of whom or which you had personal knowledge during the Relevant Period in the course of your employment hereunder; Relevant Group Company any Group Company (other than the Company) for which you have performed services under this Agreement or for which you had operational/management responsibility at any time during the Relevant Period; Relevant Period the period of 12 months immediately before the Termination Date or (where such provision is applied) the commencement of any period of exclusion pursuant to clause 16.2 if earlier; 

17 Relevant Products or Services Products or services with which sale or supply you were directly or connected or of which you had personal knowledge during the Relevant Period in the course of your employment hereunder; Restricted Territory any country in which the Company or any Group Company has a material interest in the sale or supply of Products or Services. 16.2 You will not, without the prior written consent of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), directly or indirectly and whether alone or in conjunction with or on behalf of any other person and whether as a principal, shareholder, director, employee, agent, consultant, partner or otherwise: 16.2.1 within the Restricted Territory for a period of twelve months from the Termination Date be engaged, concerned or interested in, or provide commercial or professional advice to, any other business which supplies Products or Services in competition with the Company or any Relevant Group Company provided that this restriction does not apply to prevent you from: (i) undertaking duties or activities which are materially different from those undertaken by you during the Restricted Period in the performance of your duties hereunder; or (ii) holding shares or other securities in any company which is quoted, listed or otherwise dealt in on a recognised investment exchange or other securities market and which confer not more than four per cent of the votes which could be cast at a general meeting of such company; 16.2.2 within the Restricted Territory for a period of twelve months from the Termination Date be engaged, concerned or interested in any business which at any time during the Relevant Period has supplied products or services to the Company or any Relevant Group Company or is or was at any time during the Relevant Period a Relevant Customer of the Company or any Relevant Group Company if such engagement, concern or interest causes or would cause the supplier to cease, alter or materially to reduce its supplies to the Company (or any Relevant Group Company as the case may be) or the Relevant Customer to cease or materially to reduce its orders or contracts with the Company or any Relevant Group Company; 16.2.3 for a period of twelve months from the Termination Date so as to compete with the Company or any Relevant Group Company canvass, solicit or approach or cause to be canvassed, solicited, or approached any Relevant Customer for the sale or supply of Relevant Products or Services or endeavour to do so; 16.2.4 for a period of twelve months from the Termination Date so as to compete with the Company or any Relevant Group Company deal or contract with any Relevant Customer in relation to the sale or supply of any Relevant Products or Services, or endeavour to do so; 16.2.5 for a period of twelve months from the Termination Date solicit, induce or entice away from the Company or any Relevant Group Company or, in connection with any business in or proposing to be in competition with the Company or any Relevant Group Company, employ, engage or appoint or in any way cause to be employed, engaged or appointed a Critical Person whether or not such person would commit any breach of his or her contract of employment or engagement by leaving the service of the Company or any Relevant Group Company; or 16.2.6 use in connection with any business any name, which includes the name of the Company or any Group Company or any colourable imitation of it. 

18 16.3 Whilst the restrictions in this clause 16 (on which you have had an opportunity to take independent advice as you hereby acknowledge) are regarded by the parties as fair and reasonable, it is hereby declared that each of the restrictions in this clause 16 is intended to be separate and severable. If any restriction is held to be unreasonably wide but would be valid if part of the wording (including in particular but without limitation the defined expressions referred to in clause 16.1) were deleted, such restriction will apply with so much of the wording deleted as may be necessary to make it valid. 16.4 The parties agree that the periods referred to in sub-clauses 16.2.1, 16.2.2, 16.2.3,16.2.4 and 16.2.5 above will be reduced by one day for every day during which at the Company's direction and pursuant to clause 15.6 above you have been excluded from the Company's premises and/or have not carried out any duties or have carried out duties other than your normal duties. 16.5 If you breach any of the provisions in this clause 16, the Company will be entitled by written notice to you to extend the period during which the provisions of clause 16 which have been breached apply by an equivalent period to that during which the breach or breaches have continued, such additional period to commence on the date on which the said period would have otherwise expired. You hereby agree that if the Company so extends the period of any such restriction, this will not prejudice the right of the Company to apply to the Courts for injunctive relief in order to compel you to comply with the provisions of this clause 16 and/or damages, as the case may be. 16.6 For the purposes of clause 16, the Company has entered into this Agreement as agent for and trustee of all Relevant Group Companies and all Group Companies respectively. 16.7 If you apply for or are offered a new employment, appointment, or engagement, before entering into any related contract you will bring the terms of this Agreement to the attention of a third party proposing directly or indirectly to employ, appoint or engage you. 17. NOTICES Any notice given under this Agreement shall be deemed well served if when addressed to the Company it be left at the address identified in this Agreement or be sent by first class post addressed to that address, or if when addressed to you it be served personally or be sent by first class post addressed to you at the usual or last known address and in case of service by first class post the date of service shall be the date following the date of posting. 18. DATA PROTECTION 18.1 For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 2018, you consent to the processing of all or any personal data (in manual, electronic or any other form) relevant to your employment, by the Company or any Group Company and/or any agent or third party nominated by the Company and bound by a duty of confidentiality. Processing includes, but is not limited to, obtaining, recording, using, and holding data relating to you for legal, personnel, administrative and management purposes and in particular to the processing of any sensitive personal data (as defined in the Data Protection Act 2018) relating to you, including, as appropriate: 18.1.1 Information about your physical or mental health or condition in order to monitor sick leave and take decisions about your fitness to work; 18.1.2 Your racial or ethnic origin or religious or similar information in order to monitor compliance with equal opportunities legislation; 18.1.3 Information relating to any criminal proceedings in which you have been 

19 involved for insurance purposes and in order to comply with legal requirements and obligations to third parties. 18.2 The Company may make such information available to any Group Company, those who provide products and services to the Company or any Group Company (such as advisers and payroll administrators), regulatory authorities, potential or future employers, governmental or quasi-governmental organisations and potential purchasers of the Company or any Group Company or the business in which you work. 18.3 You consent to the transfer of such information to any Group Company and the Company or any Group Company business contacts outside the European Economic Area in order to further its or their business interests even where the country or territory in question does not maintain adequate data protection standards. 19. RELEVANT LAW 19.1 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of England and Wales and the parties hereto submit to the jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales. 19.2 A reference to a particular law is a reference to it as it is in force for the time being taking account of any amendment, extension, or re-enactment and includes any subordinate legislation for the time being in force made under it. 20. OVERRIDING LEGISLATION This Agreement is subject to any overriding legislation. 21. HEADINGS The headings to the clauses of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meanings or construction of anything herein contained. 22. ASSIGNMENT The benefit and burden of this Agreement shall devolve upon and be enforceable by and against not only the Company but also its assignees. 23. EFFECT OF TERMINATION The expiration or termination of this Agreement shall not operate to affect any provisions contained in this Agreement, which are specifically expressed such as to operate or have effect after this Agreement has terminated. 24. GRIEVANCE You may refer any grievance to the Company by written submissions in accordance with the Company's Grievance Procedure. To the extent that statute allows for this the Company's Grievance Procedure is not incorporated by reference into this Agreement and therefore does not form part of your contract of employment. 25. DISCIPLINARY PROCEDURE 25.1 The Company has a disciplinary procedure. To the extent that statute allows for this the Company's Disciplinary Procedure is not incorporated by reference into this Agreement and therefore does not form part of your contract of employment. 

20 25.2 The Company shall be entitled prior to and during the course of any investigations to suspend you (with or without pay) and exclude you from the premises of the Company if suspension is necessary to allow a proper investigation to be conducted or if there may be circumstances, which would entitle the Company to dismiss you summarily. 26. RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES Nothing in this Agreement is intended to confer on any person any right to enforce any term of this Agreement which that person would not have had but for the Contracts (Rights Of Third Parties) Act 1999. 27. STATUTORY INFORMATION The terms set out in this Agreement include those required to be included in a statement of the terms of your employment under section 1 and 2 of the Employment Rights Act 1996, and this Agreement is therefore also the statement required to be given to you. In order to meet the statutory requirements, the Company is required to give particulars of any collective agreements applicable to your employment: there are no such collective agreements applicable by your employment. 28. RESIGNATION AS A DIRECTOR 28.1 If you have been appointed a director of the Company or a Group Company at any time, you will on termination of your employment for any reason at the request of the Board (pursuant to either a resolution of the Board or members of the Company) give notice resigning immediately, without claim for compensation (but without prejudice to any claim you may have for damages for breach of this Agreement): (i) as a director of the Company and all such Group Companies of which you are a director; and (ii) all trusteeships held by you of any pension scheme or other trusts established by the Company or any Group Company or any other company with which you have had dealings as a consequence of your employment with the Company. 28.2 If notice pursuant to clause 28.1 or 15.4(iv) is not received by the relevant company within seven days of a request by the Company, the Company is irrevocably authorised to appoint a person to execute any documents and to do everything necessary to effect such resignation or resignations on your behalf. 28.3 Except with the prior written agreement of the Chief Executive Officer of Luxfer, you will not during your employment under this Agreement resign your office as a director of the Company or any Group Company and if you do so without the consent or concurrence of the Chief Executive Officer of Luxfer, the Company will be entitled to terminate your employment pursuant to sub-clause 15.2.2(v) or at the Company's absolute discretion, to treat such resignation as notice of termination given by you to the Company pursuant to clause 15.1. [Signatures appear on the following page] 

21 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date set forth their respective signature below. LUXFER HOLDINGS PLC By: Title: STEPHEN WEBSTER Date: Date: CEO Feb 28, 2023 February 28, 2023 

This Schedule is at all times to be read in conjunction with the Employment Contract. In the event of conflict, the Employment Contract shall prevail. The remuneration and benefit figures set forth in this Schedule are subject to change in accordance with the remuneration review procedure set forth in clause 6.1. CLAUSE REFERENCE SUBJECT TERM 1.1 Position Chief Financial Officer 1.2 Commencement Date March 1, 2022 5 Location Corporate Headquarters; Greater Manchester, England 6.1 Base Salary 200,000 6.2 Bonus Budget: 50 base salary Maximum: 100 base salary 6.4 Pension Salary supplement of 8 base salary, with the ability to contribute from this supplement into the Luxfer Retirement Savings Plan 6.6 Private Medical Insurance Health Scheme (Family Membership) and Dental Cover (Couple Cover) 6.9 Company Vehicle or Perks Allowance Perks allowance pursuant to sub-clause 6.9.2 in the amount of 20,000 per annum 7.1 Holiday Entitlement 25 days 15.1 Notice Period (to be given by you) Twelve (12) months 15.2 Notice Period (to be given by the Company) Twelve (12) months SCHEDULE Employment Contract between Luxfer Holdings PLC and Stephen Webster LUXFER HOLDINGS PLC By: Title: STEPHEN WEBSTER Date: Date: CEO Feb 28, 2023 February 28, 2023 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 a21111.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

BA Holdings, Inc., U.S. 
 Biggleswick Limited, England and Wales 
 GTM Technologies LLC, U.S. 
 Lumina Trustee Limited, England and Wales 
 Luxfer Australia PTY Limited, Australia 
 Luxfer Canada Limited, Canada 
 Luxfer Gas Cylinders (Shanghai) Co., Limited, People s Republic of China 
 Luxfer Gas Cylinders China Holdings Limited, England and Wales 
 Luxfer Gas Cylinders Limited, England and Wales 
 Luxfer Gas Cylinders S.A.S., France 
 Luxfer Germany GmBH, Germany 
 Luxfer Group 2000 Limited, England and Wales 
 Luxfer Group Limited, England and Wales 
 Luxfer Group Services Limited, England and Wales 
 Luxfer Group UK Pension Trustee Limited, England and Wales 
 Luxfer Magtech International Limited, England and Wales 
 Luxfer Magtech, Inc., U.S. 
 Luxfer Overseas Holdings Limited, England and Wales 
 Luxfer, Inc. U.S. 
 Magnesium Elektron Limited, England and Wales 
 Magnesium Elektron North America, Inc. U.S. 
 MEL Chemicals, Inc., U.S. 
 Niagra Metallurgical Products Limited, Canada 
 Reade Manufacturing, Inc., U.S. 
 Structural Composites Industries LLC, U.S. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a231consent11.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-184351, 333-196166, 333-223834, 333-231528 and 333-265474) of Luxfer Holdings PLC of our report dated March 1, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Manchester, United Kingdom 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 a31111.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Section 302 Certificate 
 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 I, Andrew Butcher, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Luxfer Holdings PLC 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 01, 2023 s ANDREW BUTCHER Andrew Butcher Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 a31211.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Section 302 Certificate 
 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 I, Stephen Webster, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Luxfer Holdings PLC 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 01, 2023 s STEPHEN WEBSTER Stephen Webster Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 a32111.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Section 906 Certificate 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Andrew Butcher, the Chief Executive Officer of Luxfer Holdings PLC, a public limited company incorporated under English law (the Company ), do hereby certify, to my knowledge, that 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 01, 2023 s ANDREW BUTCHER Andrew Butcher Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 a32211.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Section 906 Certificate 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Stephen Webster, the Chief Financial Officer of Luxfer Holdings PLC, a public limited company incorporated under English law (the Company ), do hereby certify, to my knowledge, that 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 01, 2023 s STEPHEN WEBSTER Stephen Webster Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 lxfr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 lxfr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 lxfr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 lxfr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 lxfr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

