<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230302_10-K_edgar_data_1615055_0001615055-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>94003759</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1227692</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>84655209</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3242795</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2517294</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2157664</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>19</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615055-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230302080957
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615055-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		387
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IsoPlexis Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001615055
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LABORATORY ANALYTICAL INSTRUMENTS [3826]
		IRS NUMBER:				462179799
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40894
		FILM NUMBER:		23696490

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35 NE INDUSTRIAL ROAD
		CITY:			BRANFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06405
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-208-4111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35 NE INDUSTRIAL ROAD
		CITY:			BRANFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06405

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615055-23-000011.txt : 20230302

10-K
 1
 iso-20221231.htm
 10-K

iso-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 _________________________ 
 FORM 
 _________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _____ to ______ 
 Commission File Number 
 _________________________ 

_________________________ 
 (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 

Table of Contents 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

x 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262 (b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was based upon the closing sale price of the Company s common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Stock Market for that date. 
 The registrant had outstanding shares of Common Stock, par value .001 per share, as of February 27, 2023. 

Table of Contents 

 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 19 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 54 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 54 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 55 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 55 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 55 
 Item 6. 
 [Removed and Reserved] 
 56 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 56 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 67 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 68 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 98 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 98 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 98 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 93 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 99 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 107 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 111 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 114 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 116 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 118 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 121 
 SIGNATURES 
 122 

1 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. These statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies and other future conditions. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements about future opportunities for us and our products and services, our future operations, financial or operating results, anticipated business levels, future earnings, planned activities, anticipated growth, market opportunities, strategies, competitions and other expectations and targets for future periods. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, may, predict, project, target, potential, seek, will, would, could, should, continue, contemplate, plan, and other words and terms of similar meaning. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which may be beyond our control. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or outcomes and that actual performance and outcomes may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and the development of the markets in which we operate, are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. New factors emerge from time to time that may cause our business not to develop as we expect, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. Factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ from those reflected in forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: 

risks associated with our pending merger with Berkeley Lights, Inc. Berkeley Lights 
 
 estimates of our addressable market, market growth, future revenue, expenses, capital requirements and our needs for additional financing; 
 
 the implementation of our business model and strategic plans for our products and technologies; 
 
 competitive companies and technologies and our industry; 
 
 our ability to manage and grow our business by expanding our sales to existing customers or introducing our products to new customers; 
 
 our ability to develop and commercialize new products; 
 
 our ability to establish and maintain intellectual property protection for our products or avoid or defend claims of infringement; 
 
 the performance of third party suppliers; 
 
 our ability to hire and retain key personnel and to manage our future growth effectively; 
 
 our ability to obtain additional financing in future offerings; 
 
 the volatility of the trading price of our common stock; 
 
 our expectations regarding use of proceeds from our initial public offering; 
 
 the potential effects of government regulation; 
 
 the impact of COVID-19 on our business; and 
 
 our expectations about market trends. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 For a further discussion of these and other factors that could impact our future results, performance or transactions, see Item 1A Risk Factors of this Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
 
 You should read this Form 10-K and the documents that we reference within it completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, we use the terms IsoPlexis, the Company, we, us and our in this prospectus to refer to IsoPlexis Corporation and our consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Channels for Disclosure of Information 
 
 Investors and others should note that we may announce material information to the public through filings with the SEC, our website (www.isoplexis.com), press releases, public conference calls, public webcasts and our social media accounts (including https://www.linkedin.com/company/isoplexis-inc-/). We use these channels to communicate with our customers and the public about the Company, our products, our services and other matters. We encourage our investors, the media and others to review the information disclosed through such channels as such information could be deemed to be material information. The information on such channels, including on our website and our social media accounts, is not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities Act (as defined below) or the Exchange Act (as defined below), except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. Please note that this list of disclosure channels may be updated from time to time. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 IsoPlexis is empowering labs to leverage the cells and proteome changing the course of human health. Our systems assess cell behavior, providing functional data that contributes to understanding mechanisms of disease progression, treatment resistance and therapeutic efficacy to advance human health. We are a life sciences company building solutions to accelerate the development of curative medicines and personalized therapeutics. Our award-winning single-cell proteomics systems reveal unique biological activity in small subsets of cells, allowing researchers to more directly assess in vivo biology and develop more precise and personalized therapies. 
 We are enabling deeper access to in vivo biology and driving durable and potentially transformational research on disease in a new era of advanced medicine. We believe our platform is the first to employ both proteomics, or the study of proteins and their functions, and single-cell biology in an effort to fully characterize and link cellular function to patient outcomes by revealing mechanisms underlying treatment response and disease progression. Our proteomics platform, which includes instruments, chip consumables and software, provides an end-to-end solution to reveal a more complete view of protein function both at a global and an individual cellular level, using the same instrument. Since our commercial launch in June of 2018, our platform has been adopted by all of the top 15 global biopharmaceutical companies by revenue and three-fourths of the National Cancer Institute NCI designated comprehensive cancer centers in the United States to help develop more durable therapeutics, overcome treatment resistance, and predict patient responses for advanced immunotherapies, cell therapies, gene therapies, vaccines, and regenerative medicines. While our initial focus has been on developing applications of our platform for cancer immunology and cell and gene therapy, we are now expanding our capabilities to include applications for infectious diseases, inflammatory conditions, and neurological diseases. 
 
 Bulk methods of proteomic analysis, which analyze proteins in bulk samples that could be made up of many different types of cells, can be helpful to identify differences between groups in samples such as plasma and cerebrospinal fluid CSF ). But because individual cells, even of the same cell type (such as tumor cells or immune cells) can act very differently, single-cell resolution is necessary to gain a better understanding of cell function. Single-cell biology provides deep insights into variations among each individual cell s behavior, such as underlying disease activity and therapeutic response, and is becoming a valuable tool for life science research. Single-cell functional analysis provides additional insight that can be missed by traditional bulk proteomic analyses, which delivers average cell activity in the aggregate. For example, in cell therapy, where heterogeneous populations of immune cells are engineered to combat tumors, traditional bulk proteomic methods can detect average differences between products, while single-cell functional analysis can identify the unique immune cell subsets that contribute most significantly to effective treatment responses. At the same time, while the genome of single cells has been explored in depth, genomics alone has limitations on accurately predicting treatment resistance, which often results from tumor protein signaling adaptations rather than genetic aberrations. In oncology, while genomics has been used to reveal mutations that reside along druggable pathways, therapeutics targeting these pathways have only marginally improved patient outcomes, with almost universal and rapid development of drug resistance. We believe that our platform can capture a more complete view of the functional biological drivers of disease and therapeutic response. 
 We designed our platform to reveal functional protein biology and cellular signaling networks to accelerate the development of advanced medicines. The drivers of efficacy and toxicity are heavily impacted by cytokines, or extracellular functional proteins, through which certain individual cells send and receive signals. Additionally, disease progression and treatment resistance are heavily impacted by the intracellular signaling proteins, in particular phosphoproteins, which dictate the functional state of any cell. We believe that directly capturing the full range of intracellular and extracellular functional proteins is critical to analyzing the efficacy of therapies, identifying biomarkers suitable for druggable targets, and modifying therapeutics that are not generating the intended result. Our technology fills a critical knowledge gap by directly detecting the full range of intracellular and extracellular functional proteins within a sample, using the same instruments to connect bulk and single-cell functional cell analysis. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Figure 1. The figure below represents the evolution of single-cell biology from the study of the genomic blueprint of a cell its DNA and RNA through the functional representation of each cell s activity its extracellular and intracellular proteins. This evolution towards the proteome is enabling greater application to translational medicine. 
 
 Our platform is an end-to-end solution comprised of our proprietary IsoLight and IsoSpark instruments, IsoCode and CodePlex chip consumables, and IsoSpeak software. Our IsoLight and IsoSpark instruments are designed to be automated benchtop proteomic hubs with integrated software that decreases the need for manual analysis steps. Our IsoCode chips utilize our core technology leveraging our proteomic barcoding to capture single-cell protein information. Our CodePlex chips leverage our core technology to assay multiplexed bulk proteins from very low volumes. Our IsoSpeak software interprets these data and is capable of rapidly returning comprehensive data figures, allowing users to quickly evaluate results, and advanced visualizations, which facilitate exploring complex data sets for additional insights. We believe that our platform overcomes many of the limitations of traditional proteomic workflows, which can be capital-intensive, time-consuming and laborious, require multiple instruments and many manual steps that increase the opportunity for error and variability, and may only be capable of analyzing small numbers of functional proteins at a time. Our platform supports multiple applications, including in cancer immunology, cell and gene therapy, infectious diseases, inflammatory conditions, and neurological diseases. 
 Figure 2. Our platform is comprised of instruments, chip consumables, and software. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 IsoCode and CodePlex Chip Technology Overview 
 Chip Solutions Function Applications Extracellular Protein Detection Enables the discovery of better biomarkers, including rare cells that have the potential to drive therapeutic persistence, potency, and durability Translational medicine 
 Cancer immunology 
 Inflammation 
 Cell therapies 
 Infectious disease 
 Targeted therapies 
 Intracellular Protein Detection Measures cellular protein-to-protein interactions and adaptive resistance pathways to identify resistance earlier and enable earlier selection of potential treatments Discovery 
 Combinatorial therapies 
 Kinase inhibitors 
 Targeted therapies 
 Cell therapies 
 
 Our current product offering supports a variety of applications that are broadly used for translational, preclinical and clinical development of advanced medicines, representing an initial 12 billion addressable market opportunity based on management estimates. This cumulative market spend accounts for an installed base of approximately 55,000 instruments, in line with mature protein and cell biology technologies such as flow cytometry and multiplexed proteomics. Our relevant end users span the range of biopharmaceutical companies and academic and research institutions worldwide, which in the aggregate cover approximately 5,500 advanced medicine programs in both preclinical and clinical stages. In addition to our currently targeted addressable market opportunity in advanced medicines, we have expanded our capabilities with intracellular protein detection IsoCode chip products, which are designed to improve discovery biology as a bridge to the earlier development of advanced medicines. These products have been used to identify mechanisms of therapeutic resistance in cancer cells, helping to provide mechanistic insights that can inform treatment decisions. We believe this represents an incremental 12 billion addressable market opportunity. Expanding our chip solution portfolio is a key factor in enabling us to expand our capabilities into applications for infectious diseases, inflammatory conditions, and neurological diseases. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have placed 286 systems globally, including at each of the top 15 global biopharmaceutical companies by revenue and approximately three-fourths of the comprehensive cancer centers in the United States. As of December 31, 2022, we employed a commercial team of approximately 100 team members. We market and sell our platform, which is currently marketed to customers as research use only, through a direct sales channel in North America and specific regions in Europe. Additionally, we utilize thirteen distributor relationships to market and sell our products in Europe, North America, the Middle East and Asia-Pacific. 
 Our revenue to date has been driven primarily by sales of our instruments and chip consumables. Revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 16.8 million and 17.3 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our sales to end-markets of biopharmaceutical companies and academic and research institutions represented approximately 60 and 40 of our total sales, respectively. We generated net losses of 106.0 million and 81.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Pending Acquisition by Berkeley Lights, Inc. 
 On December 21, 2022, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Berkeley Lights and Iceland Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkeley Lights Merger Sub ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth therein, Merger Sub will be merged with and into IsoPlexis, with IsoPlexis continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Berkeley Lights (the Merger ). The consummation of the Merger is subject to customary closing conditions, including the approval by Berkeley Lights stockholders of the issuance of shares of Berkeley Lights common stock to IsoPlexis stockholders in connection with the Merger and the adoption of the Merger Agreement by IsoPlexis stockholders. 
 The IsoPlexis Advantage 
 We designed our platform to reveal functional protein biology and cellular signaling networks at single-cell and bulk resolution to accelerate the development of advanced medicines and improve patient outcomes by revealing treatment response and disease progression. As of December 31, 2022, use of our platform has generated approximately 55 predictive data sets and our technology has been referenced in approximately 110 publications. We believe that our platform offers several advantages over existing proteomic and cellular analysis technologies, including: 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Direct single-cell analysis of functional proteins : We designed our platform to directly measure the functional proteins from each cell in a highly multiplexed manner. For example, our platform is capable of directly measuring the proteomic activity of each cell such as T cells, macrophages, or cancer cells providing highly correlative clinical and preclinical immune biomarkers. In contrast, while technologies such as RNA sequencing provide information useful for estimating cellular protein function, the correlation between such information and functional proteins is relatively low, making it difficult to translate the information from these technologies into insights for therapeutic applications. Similarly, flow cytometry cannot detect the highly multiplexed extracellular functional proteins from each cell that may directly correlate to in vivo response. 
 Multiple proteomic applications on a single system : We designed our technology to provide highly multiplexed information from bulk and single-cell extracellular proteome and the intracellular proteome, all on the same system. Our approach, which leverages a single system, is designed to increase efficiency and accessibility across many areas of advanced cellular analysis for a wide range of applications. 
 Rapid data analysis and insights : Gathering insights from current single-cell technologies can take months due to the limitations of current solutions in collecting and analyzing data. Our IsoSpeak software provides advanced automated data analysis with a push-button user interface that can be run with limited technological expertise and is capable of generating insights and comprehensive data figures within hours, that are in a format that would be suitable for inclusion in a research publication submission. By streamlining and accelerating the data collection process, we believe our platform could potentially help our customers get actionable results faster and shorten research timelines. 
 Ultra-low sample volume requirements : Many traditional bulk proteomic workflows require relatively large sample volume, which can be a challenge for customers since samples are often very limited. We designed our platform to maximize the utility of the limited sample volume that our customers obtain from their clinical trials or animal models. Our IsoCode and CodePlex chip consumables require sample volumes as small as 8 L, allowing for multiplexed analysis of samples that are difficult to obtain, such as cerebrospinal fluid and tracheal samples. 
 Simplified workflow and minimal footprint : Many traditional bulk proteomic workflows and single-cell workflows are laborious and time consuming, requiring many manual steps across multiple instruments performed by skilled technicians. After a sample is loaded onto one of our chips, which is then inserted into our IsoLight or IsoSpark instrument, our platform automates all protein detection steps in a walk away fashion, saving time and laboratory resources and reducing opportunities for error or variability. Our automated ELISA, or a standard immunoassay, workflow reduces the need for specialized technicians to run experiments or interpret results and reduces overhead. Without our platform, similar workflows would require multiple instruments that would occupy a substantially larger combined footprint compared to the benchtop placement of our instruments, which have a total footprint of 28.5 inches (in the case of the IsoLight) or 18 inches (in the case of the IsoSpark). We believe ease of use of our fully automated benchtop instruments, combined with their minimal footprint, drives customers to adopt our platform at a lower system and labor cost. 
 Our Platform 
 Our platform is an end-to-end solution comprised of our proprietary IsoLight and IsoSpark instruments, IsoCode and CodePlex chip consumables, and IsoSpeak software, spanning multiple applications. Once a sample is loaded onto our proprietary proteomic barcoded IsoCode or CodePlex chips, highly sensitive software-enabled optics quantify the proteins associated with each single-cell through individualized antibody-based proteomic reactions. 
 Our platform leverages a series of chambers that capture single cells, where each separate chamber enables multiplexed protein detection reactions simultaneously in a parallelized fashion. The highly multiplexed number of functional proteins per cell quantified by our platform s proteomic barcoding has led to correlative insights in cancer immunology, cell and gene therapy, infectious diseases, inflammatory conditions, and neurological diseases. 
 Our Instruments 
 Our IsoLight and IsoSpark instruments, both Red Dot Design Award winners, run our IsoCode and CodePlex chips, enabling high-throughput analysis of functional proteins from single cells and low sample volume bulk with a fully automated workflow. The IsoLight has a footprint of 28.5 inches while the IsoSpark is a compact 18 inches. Both instruments are comprised of four modules: 
 an optical system to assess protein expression; 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 a fluidic system to enable the automated ELISA workflow that allows the user to insert samples and retrieve answers with limited hands on time; 
 a mechanical system to enable analysis of eight samples for single-cell analysis or 96 samples for bulk analysis in the IsoLight, or four samples for single-cell analysis or 48 samples for bulk analysis in the IsoSpark, simultaneously; and 
 a thermal system to provide for the incubation of single cells to capture their proteomic reactions. 
 Our Chip Consumables 
 IsoCode chips: Our highly multiplexed chip solutions for single-cell functional proteomics 
 Our IsoCode single-cell chip solutions provide highly multiplexed applications to capture the functional extracellular and intracellular proteome. 
 Our single-cell extracellular protein detection chip solution, which we also refer to as our single-cell extracellular proteome solution, works through a series of steps: 
 first, the sample is prepared and retained in suspension; 
 second, live cells are loaded onto the chip; and 
 third, the live cells housed in the single-cell chambers secrete their extracellular proteins, which are captured by our proteomic barcode. 
 Similarly, our single-cell intracellular protein detection chip solution, which we also refer to as our single-cell intracellular proteome solution, works through a series of similar steps: 
 first, the sample is prepared and retained in suspension; 
 second, live cells are loaded onto the chip; and 
 third, these live cells are lysed within each single-cell chamber to release their intracellular components, which are then captured by our proteomic barcode. 
 In each case, our IsoLight or IsoSpark then detects the expression of these proteins per cell and determines the protein profile of each single-cell. 
 Figure 3. The IsoCode chip solution workflow 
 
 CodePlex chips: Our multiplexed solutions for ultra-low volume bulk samples 
 Our CodePlex chip solutions provide highly multiplexed applications to capture the functional extracellular and intracellular proteome from low volume of bulk protein samples, rather than from single cells. These extracellular and intracellular proteome solutions work through a series of steps: 
 first, the protein sample is retained with minimal preparation or dilution; 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 second, the protein sample is loaded into the chip through various ports to allow for multiple samples per chip; and 
 third, each sample is retained in its respective chamber in which the proteins are captured by our proteomic barcode. 
 Our IsoLight or IsoSpark then detects the relative concentration of these proteins in bulk and determines the protein profile of each sample. 
 Figure 4. The CodePlex chip solution workflow 
 
 Our Software 
 Our IsoSpeak software, an Edison Award winner, takes complex high-dimensional data and automates analysis with an intuitive push-button user interface to deliver same-day single-cell and bulk proteome visualizations without the need for highly specialized informatics professionals. The software works by retaining the images of the proteins detected on the IsoLight or IsoSpark, analyzing the images for expression of those proteins using fluorescence, and then converting the information into actionable insights through various data visualizations. 
 Our Services 
 In addition to selling our products, we leverage our platform to provide research support and services to our customers. We process samples from certain of our customers using our platform and return to these customers the immune response data generated from their samples. We also provide post-warranty services to our customers who have purchased our instruments. 
 Our Applications across the Drug Development Continuum 
 Our IsoCode single-cell extracellular proteome solution measures the extracellular functional proteins from each cell in a highly multiplexed manner, allowing for complete single-cell functional characterization. This solution enables the comprehensive profiling of the extracellular function of a wide variety of immune cell types, resulting in the generation of correlative data sets in the fields of cancer immunology and cell and gene therapy, which have been our initial areas of focus. The differentiated information that has been obtained has been applied preclinically to evaluate immune and cell therapy candidates and processes. Additionally, it has generated key biomarkers of immune response in early clinical studies and forms the basis of our initial addressable market for advancing preclinical and clinical trials within advanced medicines. This chip solution has been leveraged by a number of high impact clinical studies published in reputable scientific journals such as Cell and Blood . See Customer Case Studies. 
 Our IsoCode single-cell intracellular proteome solution simultaneously measures multiple intracellular protein signaling networks at the single-cell level, allowing for detection of critical protein-protein interactions and signaling networks in rare cells and cell subsets. These various protein signaling networks form the basis of both functional and dysfunctional activity in a wide variety of cell types. Our single-cell intracellular proteome solution enables a better understanding of these signaling networks, which can then be applied to treat dysfunction in tumor cells and to facilitate activation of key immune cell types earlier in the therapeutic discovery process. The ability to target these signaling networks provides access to serve a discovery-focused market, enabling us to address opportunities in the fields of infectious diseases, inflammatory conditions, and neurological diseases. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Our CodePlex bulk extracellular proteome and intracellular proteome solutions provide means to achieve highly multiplexed, low sample volume proteomics. CodePlex requires up to 10 times less sample volume versus other comparable methods of analyses, opening up opportunities for precious sample analysis in preclinical and clinical studies. The CodePlex solution enables automated proteomic analyses on customers benchtops within one IsoLight or IsoSpark system, eliminating the need for multi-instrument workflows that require technician expertise to run. Our CodePlex solution is used across multiple applications for assaying proteins from blood, cerebrospinal fluid, and tracheal samples in both preclinical and clinical studies in the fields of cancer immunology and cell and gene therapy. Further, we expect that our initial entry into the clinical diagnostics market will start with our CodePlex solution as it provides accessibility to end users through automation. 
 
 Customer Case Studies 
 Each of the case studies described below leveraged our IsoCode single-cell extracellular proteome solution by detecting immune cell protein responses within our IsoCode chip and detecting unique extracellular protein signatures from subsets of these immune cells that predicted or correlated with treatment response or disease progression. The unique extracellular protein signature in each case study was defined by the ability of the cells to produce multiple proteins simultaneously, which we refer to as a sample having polyfunctional strength, or PSI. 
 Analyzing treatment response and product potency in CAR-T cell therapy study 
 As published in Blood , in a 20 subject non-Hodgkin lymphoma study sponsored by Kite Pharma, researchers using our platform determined that the PSI of each CAR-T cell therapy product, prior to infusion, had a significant association with complete or partial patient response to anti-CD19 CAR-T therapy. Other pre-infusion metrics tested in this study using alternative methods were not predictive. Through this research, we were able to highlight the important role a functionally versatile subpopulation of CAR-T cells may play in the potency of anti-CD19 therapies. We believe product-based readouts like this one have the potential to enable more predictive and scalable manufacturing and product release of cell therapies globally. 
 Early indicators of response or relapse in CAR-T therapy optimization 
 As published in Nature , in a CD19 and CD22 bispecific CAR study, researchers using our platform showed that certain functional protein production was associated with early signs of response to CAR-T therapies or signs of relapse in patients with large B-cell lymphoma. The researchers found that functional protein production could be a meaningful attribute to predict the potency of cell therapies. We believe product-based readouts like this one have the potential to guide cell therapy manufacturing and optimization as a critical quality attribute. 
 Analyzing treatment response and product potency in TIL therapy study 
 As published in Nature , in a study of adoptive cell therapy using tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes TILs for lung cancer, researchers using our platform determined that polyfunctionality of CD8 T cells was associated with the impact of 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 the infusion of TILs on immune response. Recognizing that PSI is a metric for efficacy of cell therapies, the researchers compared the ability of T cells to secrete functional proteins before and after TIL infusion and found that polyfunctionality increased after TIL treatments. Our platform s functional readouts have been shown to be critical for understanding the potency and durability of cell therapies. 
 Understanding progression of disease and inflammation to enable therapy development in a COVID-19 study 
 As published in Cell , in collaboration with Merck Co. and the Institute for Systems Biology, researchers using our platform identified that the PSI of peripheral monocytes increased with COVID-19 severity, while CD4+ T cells, CD8+ T cells and NK cell percentages decreased, revealing which of these cells contributed to the pro-inflammatory environment in moderate to severe cases of COVID-19. Our platform s characterization of immune biomarkers at each stage of COVID-19 progression is helping researchers to identify and develop treatments and critical prognostic biomarkers, based on functional profiles of critical subsets of immune cells. 
 Additional studies have shown correlations between biomarkers identified using our platform and the ability to predict responses across different types of immunotherapy studies. 
 Our Market Opportunity 
 Our current product offering supports a variety of applications which are broadly used for translational, preclinical and clinical development of advanced medicines, representing an initial 12 billion addressable market opportunity based on management estimates. This cumulative market spend accounts for an installed base of approximately 55,000 instruments, in line with mature protein and cell biology technologies such as flow cytometry and multiplexed proteomics. Within this addressable market, our relevant end users span the range of biopharmaceutical companies and academic and research institutions worldwide, which cover approximately 5,500 advanced medicines programs in both preclinical and clinical stages. 
 In addition to our currently targeted addressable market opportunity in advanced medicines, we have recently expanded our capabilities with our intracellular protein detection IsoCode chip products, which are designed to improve discovery biology as a bridge to earlier development of advanced medicines. We believe this represents an incremental 12 billion addressable market opportunity. Additionally, we are pursuing a range of integrated applications around sequencing and proteomic analytes from single cells, which will enable further applications for discovery biology. Expanding our chip solution portfolio is a key factor in enabling us to expand our capabilities into applications for infectious diseases, inflammatory conditions, and neurological diseases. Furthermore, our long-term strategy is ultimately to add additional applications serving clinical diagnostics research that will allow us to serve additional markets we believe to be worth approximately 10 billion. We expect that our initial entry into the clinical diagnostics market will start with our CodePlex solution for quantitative low-volume bulk proteomics as it provides accessibility to end users through automation. We believe investments in these areas will provide access to a potential 34 billion total addressable market. 
 Our Growth Strategy 
 Our goal is to establish our platform as a leading proteomic workflow solution in the life sciences industry. In pursuit of that goal, the key elements of our growth strategy include: 
 Promoting our platform as the standard for single-cell proteomic analysis 
 We believe that our platform is a critical tool that provides new and accessible layers of biological data at the single-cell level, and the ability to capture the functional extracellular and intracellular proteome from single cells for the first time. We believe that our platform is well positioned to fundamentally advance therapeutic discovery and development. We intend to continue promoting our instruments, chip consumables, and software to drive awareness of the broad utility of our platform for development of advanced medicines and the discovery of biomarkers. 
 Expand the installed base of our IsoLight and IsoSpark instruments with new and existing customers 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have placed 286 systems worldwide within leading biopharmaceutical companies and academic and research institutions in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific. Utilizing our multi-channel sales and distribution network, we intend to continue engaging with the global life sciences community to grow our installed base and expand the number of instruments within organizations that are already utilizing our technology to advance their research and therapeutic development. Outside of North America, we intend to leverage our distributor partnerships across four continents to expand our presence, with an emphasis on the China market. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Drive adoption of our existing applications 
 We founded our company to help solve critical challenges to accelerating advanced medicines and, since our inception, we have developed multiple applications spanning cancer immunology, cell and gene therapy, infectious diseases, inflammatory conditions, and neurological diseases. We intend to continue promoting our platform to help meet the urgent need to develop new therapeutics and accelerate development timelines across these applications. We intend to continue promoting the discoveries and data published by our customers, which we believe will further reinforce the value of our platform and drive additional adoption of our platform for use across these applications. 
 Develop new applications across multiple cell types, therapeutic classes, and indications 
 As we continue to deploy our platform, we intend to concurrently expand the breadth of applications for our technologies to encourage increased use of our platform across our addressable markets. At present, we believe we have the ability to reveal insights in functional proteomics in new therapeutic classes and indications, such as infectious diseases, inflammatory conditions, and neurological diseases. We continue to develop new methods to allow for the analysis of additional cell types on our platform, allowing IsoPlexis to expand into additional research areas. Our goal is to continue innovating and bringing new products to market as new areas of therapeutic development emerge. 
 Expand adoption of our platform into new geographical markets 
 We currently market and sell our technology with an in-house commercial team in the United States, China and Europe. We are also utilizing our distribution network to market and sell across multiple countries, including Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Israel, Japan, Portugal, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. We intend to further expand our international presence by growing our distribution networks in Brazil, India, Mexico and beyond. 
 Integrate sequencing biology with proteomics 
 We intend to further develop our product roadmap to integrate sequencing and functional proteomic biology from single cells to enable novel applications in discovery biology through our newest product, Duomic. Currently, single-cell solutions are limited in their ability to detect genomic and transcriptomic information and functional proteins concurrently from single cells. Based on our core technology leveraging our proteomic barcoding, Duomic utilizes our existing instrumentation to give researchers the ability to simultaneously measure functional protein and gene expression levels from the same cell. We believe that the ability to modulate and modify genomic activity in cells and detect genomic impacts can be enhanced by verifying the proteomic, or functional, impacts concurrently from the same cell. Our technology s ability to reveal this multi-omic connectivity across cellular pathways may be able to provide earlier therapeutic insights for developers of advanced medicines. 
 Our Commercial Organization 
 We launched our first product in June 2018 and have sold our products primarily to biopharmaceutical companies and academic and research institutions. Market adoption has accelerated since our initial commercial launch with 77 instruments sold in 2022 and 98 instruments in 2021. We have a global customer base with 207 systems placed in North America, 29 in EMEA and 50 in Asia-Pacific, in each case as of December 31, 2022. 
 We continue to invest in our commercial team of approximately 100 people as of December 31, 2022, including 25 sales representatives. Beyond our direct salesforce, we have relationships with thirteen distributors covering countries including Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Israel, Portugal, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. 
 Continued investment in research and development is critical to the commercialization of our future products. Our deep product and application roadmap represents one of the key growth drivers of instrument and consumable sales. We intend to expand our intellectual property and research capabilities through internally developed efforts, in conjunction with strategic partners and by acquiring technology. 
 Our Product Development Approach 
 Our research and development teams, located in Branford, Connecticut, design and develop our proprietary products utilizing and combining expertise in single-cell biology, fluidics, optics, informatics, hardware and software engineering. Our collaborative approach across disciplines helps lead to advancements in technology development intended to provide 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 clarity on new layers of complex biology to advance curative medicines. To complement our growth strategy, both in the near term and long term, we plan to focus our research and development on: 
 New applications 
 We intend to focus our research and development efforts on developing new high value, highly differentiated applications that unlock new proteomically driven biology and drive the future of disease understanding and development of advanced medicines. Our focus in the near term includes new applications for infectious diseases, inflammatory conditions, and neurological diseases. 
 New panels and protocols 
 We intend to focus on developing new panels, protocols, and analyte targets for each application family to cover the full range of our customers biological needs. Our research and development efforts in this area are centered on expanding our menu of test panels for single-cell extracellular proteomics, single-cell intracellular proteomics and low volume bulk proteomics to include, for example, T cell signaling panels for single-cell and low volume bulk analysis. Our focus in the near term also includes releasing protocols for additional types of immune cells, tumor cells and neural cells. 
 Integrating proteomics with sequencing-based technologies 
 We also intend to focus on integrating proteomics technologies with sequencing-based technologies to extend existing capacities in single-cell biology through our new multi-omic product, Duomic. Based on our core technology leveraging our proteomic barcoding, Duomic utilizes our existing instrumentation to give researchers the ability to simultaneously measure functional protein and gene expression levels from the same cell. We believe that this integration will enable a better understanding of the connections between the transcriptome and the proteome, and will have applications for cancer immunology, cell and gene therapy and neurological diseases. 
 Additionally, we also intend to focus on developing software that automates and streamlines advanced analytics, enabling immediate insights, and working with clinical partners to put in place validated tests that build a long-term path to clinical usage of our solutions. 
 Our research and development costs were 23.5 million and 21.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we employed 88 employees in research and development. We will continue investing in efforts to support the ongoing development of our instruments, chip consumables and software, as well as enhance the overall performance of our solutions. 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 290 employees. Of these employees, 88 were engaged in research and development activities, and we employed a commercial team of approximately 100 team members. 262 of these employees are located in the United States and 28 of these employees are located across Europe and Asia. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or are party to a collective bargaining agreement, and we have had no labor-related work stoppages. 
 Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and new employees, advisors and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of stock-based compensation awards, in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. 
 Scientific Advisory Board 
 We have assembled a highly qualified scientific advisory board composed of advisors who have deep expertise in the fields of nanotechnology, biomedical engineering and medicine. Our scientific advisory board is composed of Rong Fan, Ph.D. (our co-founder and chair of the scientific advisory board), James R. Heath, Ph.D., David Ho, M.D., Arnold Levine, Ph.D., Ross Levine, M.D., and Antoni Ribas, M.D., Ph.D. 
 Facilities 
 Our principal executive offices are located in Branford, Connecticut, where we lease approximately 24,932 square feet of office and manufacturing space. The lease for our principal executive offices is currently scheduled to terminate on 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2026. In addition to our principal executive offices, we lease additional offices and manufacturing space in Branford, Connecticut and additional offices in Kent, England and Shanghai, China. 
 
 We do not currently own any real property. We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our immediate needs and believe that we should be able to renew each of our leases without an adverse impact on our operations. In addition, we believe that if we require additional office space or manufacturing facilities, we will be able to obtain additional facilities on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 Manufacturing and Suppliers 
 We manufacture our instruments and chip consumables in our manufacturing facilities in Branford, Connecticut and do not outsource any of our production manufacturing to third party contract manufacturers. Certain of our suppliers of certain critical components and materials are single source suppliers and we do not have supply agreements with certain suppliers of these critical components and materials beyond purchase orders. As part of our overall risk management strategy, we continue to evaluate and identify alternative suppliers for each of our components and materials. 
 
 Competition 
 We face significant competition in the life sciences technology market. We currently compete with many established technology companies in the flow cytometry, cellular analysis and single-cell -omics businesses. This includes companies that design, manufacture and market systems, consumables and software for, among other applications, genomics, transcriptomics, proteomics, metabolomics, single-cell analysis and immunology, and/or provide services related to the same. These companies include Becton, Dickinson and Company, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. and Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., each of which has products that compete to varying degrees with some but not all of our products. Growing understanding of the importance of single-cell information is leading to more companies offering services related to collecting such information. Our target customers may also elect to develop their workflows on legacy systems or using traditional methods, rather than implementing our platform, and they may also decide to stop using our platform. In addition, there are many large established players in the life sciences technology market that we do not currently compete with but that could develop systems, tools or other products that will compete with us in the future. These large established companies have substantially greater financial and other resources than us, including larger research and development staff or more established marketing and sales forces. 
 For further discussion of the risks we face relating to competition, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry The life sciences technology market is highly competitive. If we fail to compete effectively, our business and results of operation will suffer in Item 1A. of this Form 10-K. 
 Government Regulation 
 Our products are currently marketed (and we currently intend to continue to market them) as research use only RUO and we sell them to biopharmaceutical companies and academic and research institutions that conduct research. The FDA defines RUO products as in-vitro diagnostic tests IVDs that are in the laboratory research phase of development and, if properly labeled, the FDA exempts RUO products from most FDA regulatory controls. RUO products must bear the statement: For Research Use Only. Not for Use in Diagnostic Procedures. RUO products cannot make any claims related to safety, effectiveness or diagnostic utility and they cannot be intended for human clinical diagnostic use. The FDA will evaluate the totality of the circumstances when determining if the product is intended for diagnostic purposes and, if the FDA were to determine, based on the totality of circumstances, that our products labeled and marketed for RUO are intended for diagnostic purposes, they would be considered medical devices and would require clearance or approval prior to commercialization. The FDA defines a medical device as an instrument, apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance, implant, in vitro reagent or other similar or related article, including any component part or accessory, which is (i) intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment or prevention of disease, in man or other animals, or (ii) intended to affect the structure or any function of the body of man or other animals and which does not achieve any of its primary intended purposes through chemical action within or on the body of man or other animals and which is not dependent upon being metabolized for the achievement of any of its primary intended purposes. The development, testing, manufacturing, marketing, post-market surveillance, distribution, advertising and labeling of medical devices, which includes IVDs, are subject to regulation in the United States by the FDA under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDC Act and comparable state and international agencies. The FDA regulates, among other things, the research, design, development, preclinical and clinical testing, manufacturing, safety, effectiveness, packaging, labeling, storage, recordkeeping, pre-market clearance or approval, adverse event reporting, marketing, promotion, sales, distribution and import and export of medical devices. To be commercially distributed in the United 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 States, medical devices must receive from the FDA either clearance of a premarket notification, known as 510(k), or premarket approval pursuant to the FDC Act prior to marketing, unless subject to an exemption. Sales of devices for diagnostic purposes may also subject us to additional healthcare regulation. We continue to monitor the changing legal and regulatory landscape to ensure our compliance with any applicable rules, laws and regulations. For further discussion of the risks we face relating to regulation by the FDA and related regulatory agencies, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Government Regulation If our current or future products become subject to FDA or other related international regulation, the regulatory clearance or approval and the maintenance of continued and post-market regulatory compliance for such products will be expensive, time-consuming, and uncertain both in timing and in outcome in Item 1A. of this Form 10-K. 
 In the United States, various federal and state regulators, including governmental agencies like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Federal Trade Commission, have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws and regulations concerning personal information and data security. Certain state laws may be more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to personal information than federal, international or other state laws, and such laws may differ from each other, all of which may complicate compliance efforts. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which increases privacy rights for California residents and imposes obligations on companies that process their personal information, came into effect on January 1, 2020. Among other things, the CCPA requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers and provide such consumers new data protection and privacy rights, including the ability to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches that result in the loss of personal information. This private right of action may increase the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data breach litigation. In November 2020, California voters passed the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which became effective in most material respects beginning on January 1, 2023. The CPRA further expands the CCPA with additional data privacy compliance requirements and obligations and establishes a regulatory agency dedicated to enforcing the CCPA and CPRA. While we are not currently subject to the CCPA and CPRA, we may in the future be required to comply with such laws, which may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. Furthermore, the CCPA and CPRA could mark the beginning of a trend toward more stringent state privacy legislation in the United States, which could increase our potential liability and adversely affect our business. 
 In addition, the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which became effective in May 2018, greatly increased the European Commission s jurisdictional reach of its data privacy and security laws and added a broad array of requirements for handling personal data. EU member states are tasked under the GDPR to enact, and have enacted, certain implementing legislation that adds to and/or further interprets the GDPR requirements and potentially extends our obligations and potential liability for failing to meet such obligations. The GDPR, together with national legislation, regulations and guidelines of the EU member states governing the processing of personal data, impose strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, use, retain, protect, disclose, transfer and otherwise process personal data. In particular, the GDPR includes requirements to establish a legal basis for processing, higher standards for obtaining consent from individuals to process their personal data, more robust disclosures to individuals, a strengthened individual data rights regime, requirements to implement safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of personal data, data breach notification obligations to appropriate data protection authorities or individuals, limitations on retention and secondary use of information and additional obligations when entities contract with third-party processors to process personal data. The GDPR authorizes fines for certain violations of up to 4 of global annual revenue or 20 million, whichever is greater. Following the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union, data privacy and security laws that are substantially similar to the GDPR are in effect in the United Kingdom, which carry similar risks and authorize similar fines for certain violations. The GDPR may increase our responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process where such processing is subject to the GDPR, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with the GDPR, including as implemented by individual countries. Compliance with the GDPR will be a rigorous and time-intensive process that may increase our cost of doing business or require us to change our business practices, and despite those efforts, there is a risk that we may be subject to fines and penalties, litigation, and reputational harm in connection with our European activities. We continue to monitor the changing legal and regulatory landscape to ensure our compliance with any applicable rules, laws and regulations. 
 For further discussion of the risks we face relating to data privacy and related regulations, see Risk factors General Risks We are currently subject to, and may in the future become subject to additional, U.S. federal and state laws and regulations imposing obligations on how we collect, store and process personal information. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. Ensuring compliance with such laws could also impair our efforts to maintain and expand our future customer base, and thereby decrease our revenue in Item 1A. of this Form 10-K. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Intellectual Property 
 Our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our products and technology is fundamental to the long-term success of our business. We rely on a combination of intellectual property protection strategies, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, license agreements, confidentiality policies and procedures, nondisclosure agreements, invention assignment agreements and technical measures designed to protect the intellectual property and commercially valuable confidential information and data used in our business. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned 51 issued U.S. patents, 21 pending U.S. patent applications, two pending Patent Cooperation Treaty PCT applications that have not entered national stage, 58 issued foreign patents and 32 pending foreign patent applications in various foreign jurisdictions, including the European Patent Office, Japan, China, and Hong Kong. Excluding any possible patent term adjustments or extensions and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity or other governmental fees, our owned issued patents are expected to expire between 2028 and 2037 and our owned patent applications, if issued, are expected to expire between 2028 and 2043. 
 
 Various of our owned issued patents and patent applications relate to out automated proteomic systems, including our IsoLight and IsoSpark instruments, IsoSpeak software, and our IsoCode and CodePlex chip consumables. We also have patents and patent applications related to products or technologies that are under development or are on our development roadmap. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we exclusively licensed seven issued U.S. patents, four pending U.S. patent applications, seven issued foreign patents and ten pending foreign patent applications in various foreign jurisdictions. Excluding any possible patent term adjustments or extensions and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity or other governmental fees, our exclusively in-licensed issued patents are expected to expire between 2028 and 2038 and our exclusively in-licensed patent applications, if issued, are expected to expire between 2028 and 2038. Our exclusively in-licensed issued patents and patent applications relate to our automated proteomic systems, including our IsoCode chip consumables. 
 We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost-effective. Our ability to stop third parties from making, using or commercializing any of our patented inventions will depend in part on our success in obtaining, defending and enforcing patent claims that cover our technology, inventions, and improvements. With respect to both our owned and in-licensed intellectual property, we cannot provide any assurance that any of our current or future patent applications will result in the issuance of patents in any particular jurisdiction, or that any of our current or future issued patents will effectively protect any of our products or technology from infringement or prevent others from commercializing infringing products or technology. 
 In addition to our reliance on patent protection for our inventions, products and technologies, we also seek to protect our brand through the procurement of trademark rights. We own registered trademarks and pending trademark applications for IsoPlexis, IsoLight, IsoCode, CodePlex, IsoSpeak and other product related brand names in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions. Furthermore, we rely on trade secrets, know-how, unpatented technology and other proprietary information, to strengthen our competitive position. We currently maintain as trade secrets our software and certain other technologies, including assays. To mitigate the chance of trade secret misappropriation, we enter into nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to our trade secrets, such as our employees, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants that obligate them to assign to us any inventions they have developed while working for us. We generally control access to our proprietary and confidential information through the use of internal and external controls. Although we take steps to protect our proprietary information and trade secrets, third parties may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our technology. As a result, we may not be able to meaningfully protect our trade secrets. Additionally, we use certain open source software in our products and services, including our IsoSpeak software, and anticipate using open source software in the future. The terms of various open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our services. For further discussion of the risks relating to intellectual property, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property in Item 1A. of this Form 10-K. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 License Agreements 
 Yale University 
 In April 2014, we entered into a license agreement (as amended and restated in July 2014 and November 2015, and as further amended in December 2016, January 2018 and July 2021, the Yale Agreement with Yale University Yale ). Pursuant to the Yale Agreement, we obtained an exclusive, royalty-bearing, sublicensable (subject to certain restrictions), worldwide license to certain patent rights and certain information related to (i) multiplexed detection to manufacture, use and commercialize products in all fields of use and (ii) high-throughput single-cell polyomics to manufacture, use and commercialize products in all fields of use except in the field of spatial biomolecular analysis. We also obtained a non-exclusive license to certain patent rights and certain information related to high-throughput single-cell polyomics to manufacture, use and commercialize products in the field of spatial biomolecular analysis. The license granted pursuant to the Yale Agreement is subject to certain rights retained by (i) the United States government under the Bayh-Dole Act and (ii) Yale (on behalf of itself and other non-profit academic and/or research institutions) to make, practice and use the licensed patent rights and licensed products for research, clinical, teaching and other non-commercial purposes. Such rights retained by the United States government and Yale are typical for a license from a U.S. university or research institution, and we believe such rights do not pose a material risk to our business. We may sublicense the licensed patent rights subject to certain conditions, including that any sublicense agreement must contain terms consistent with the terms of the Yale Agreement and we must pay Yale a low double-digit percentage of our sublicense income. Furthermore, in connection with the first two sublicense agreements we enter into, we are obligated to pay Yale certain milestone payments that may equal up to 15,000 in the aggregate. 
 In connection with entering into the Yale Agreement, we issued 7,772 shares of Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock to Yale valued at approximately 51,000 at the time of issuance. We then amended the Yale Agreement in January 2018 (the January 2018 Amendment to obtain an exclusive license to certain additional patent rights which include device, system and method of use claims directed to high-throughput single-cell polyomics to manufacture, use and commercialize products in all fields of use, which we subsequently amended in July 2021 to make the license exclusive in all fields except in the field of spatial biomolecular analysis only. Pursuant to the January 2018 Amendment, in consideration for the inclusion of these patent rights, we issued 3,374 shares of Series B-2 redeemable convertible preferred stock to Yale valued at approximately 100,000 at the time of issuance. In addition, we must pay Yale a customary annual license maintenance royalty LMR in the low six-figure dollars, as well as low single-digit percentage earned royalties on worldwide cumulative net sales of licensed products, which royalties are subject to reduction upon the occurrence of certain events as specified in the Yale Agreement. The LMR is credited against earned royalties due by the Company in the same calendar year. As of December 31, 2022, we have incurred 0.1 million in royalty expense under the Yale Agreement. 
 
 Upon our IPO in October 2021, all of our outstanding shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock were automatically converted to shares of common stock. Accrued dividends payable in respect of the outstanding shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock were settled through the issuance of shares of common stock. Accordingly, Yale received 93,558 shares of common stock upon the closing of our IPO. 
 Under the terms of the Yale Agreement, we are required to use reasonable commercial efforts to develop and sell the licensed products, including incurring minimum annual expenses on research and development with respect to the licensed products, and we are restricted from developing, manufacturing or selling products that compete with the licensed products. Yale controls the filing, prosecution and maintenance of the licensed patent rights at our expense, subject to our ability to comment or approve certain related actions. We have the first right and obligation to institute a suit for infringement of the licensed patent rights and defend against any claim of invalidity or declaratory judgment action brought against the licensed patent rights. If we do not institute such suit or defend against such actions within a certain period of time, Yale has the right to convert the exclusive license granted under this license agreement to a non-exclusive license. 
 Unless terminated earlier, the Yale Agreement will continue, on a country-by-country basis, until the later of the expiration of the last to expire licensed patent right in a country or ten years after the date of first commercial sale of a licensed product in such country. The last to expire of the licensed issued patents under the Yale Agreement will expire in 2034 and the last to expire of the licensed patent applications under the Yale Agreement, if issued, will expire in 2038. Subject to an applicabl e cure period, Yale may terminate the Yale Agreement if we fail to comply with applicable payment obligations or upon a material breach of our obligations under the Yale Agreement, including our diligence obligations. Yale may also terminate the Yale Agreement if we fail to maintain adequate liability insurance or if we, directly or indirectly, challenge or oppose the validity, patentability or enforceability of any of the licensed patent rights, or if any of our sublicensees do so and we do not terminate the relevant sublicense agreement within a certain specified amount of 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 time. The Yale Agreement automatically terminates if we cease to carry on our business for a certain specified period of time or for certain specified insolvency-related events. We may terminate the Yale Agreement at any time by providing advance written notice. Subject to a cure period, we may terminate the Yale Agreement upon material, uncured breach by Yale. Either party may terminate the Yale Agreement, on a country-by-country basis, if neither party elects to undertake the defense of a suit alleging infringement for a certain period of time in a country. 
 California Institute of Technology 
 In March 2017, we entered into an exclusive license agreement (the Caltech Agreement with the California Institute of Technology Caltech ), pursuant to which we obtained an exclusive, royalty-bearing, sublicensable (subject to certain restrictions), worldwide license to certain patent rights related to methods and compositions for quantifying metabolites to manufacture, use and commercialize products in the field of detecting metabolites, including proteins and other analytes. The licenses granted pursuant to the Caltech Agreement are subject to certain rights retained by (i) the United States government under the Bayh-Dole Act and (ii) Caltech to make, import and use the licensed products for non-commercial purposes and to grant other non-profit institutions rights under the licensed patent rights and licensed technology for educational and research purposes. Such rights retained by the United States government and Caltech are typical for a license from a U.S. university or research institution, and we believe such rights do not pose a material risk to our business. We may sublicense the licensed patent rights and technology subject to certain conditions, including that any sublicense agreement must contain terms consistent with the terms of the Caltech Agreement, and we must pay Caltech a low double-digit percentage of our sublicense income. 
 In connection with entering into the Caltech Agreement, we issued 2,830 shares of Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock to Caltech valued at approximately 50,000 at the time of issuance. Upon our IPO in October 2021, all of our outstanding shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock were automatically converted to shares of common stock. Accrued dividends payable in respect of the outstanding shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock were settled through the issuance of shares of common stock. Accordingly, Caltech received 23,719 common shares upon the closing of our IPO. In addition, we must pay Caltech a royalty on the exclusively licensed patent rights at a low single-digit percentage of net revenues on a country-by-country and licensed product-by-licensed product basis (with an annual minimum royalty in the range of low to mid five-figure dollars), which obligation will continue until the expiration of all patent claims covering such licensed product in such country. For any country in which the exclusively licensed patent rights do not include any valid claims, we must pay Caltech a royalty on the non-exclusively licensed technology at a lower single-digit percentage of net revenues for a period of ten years from the first commercial sale. In the event that we fail to commercialize products that incorporate the licensed patents or technology, the annual minimum royalties due to Caltech will increase in accordance with the terms of the Caltech Agreement. We are also required to pay Caltech a mid-teen percentage of sublicensing revenue. As of December 31, 2022, we have incurred an immaterial amount in royalty expense pursuant to the Caltech Agreement. There are no potential future milestone payments under the Caltech Agreement. 
 Under the terms of the Caltech Agreement, we are required to use commercially reasonable efforts to commercialize the licensed products. In the event that we fail to commercialize the licensed products, the annual minimum royalty payment due to Caltech will increase in accordance with the Caltech Agreement. Caltech controls the prosecution and maintenance of the licensed patents and patent applications at our expense, subject to our ability to comment on certain related actions. Caltech also has the first right to institute a suit and defend against a declaratory judgment action pertaining to infringement or invalidity of the licensed patent rights. 
 Unless terminated earlier, the Caltech Agreement continues until the expiration of t he last to expire licensed patent right, or as long as we are obligated to pay royalties under the Caltech Agreement. The last to expire of the licensed patent applications under the Caltech Agreement, if issued, will expire in 2036. Subject to an applicable cure period, Caltech may terminate the Caltech Agreement if we fail to comply with applicable payment obligations, fail to maintain adequate liability insurance or upon a material breach of our obligations under the Caltech Agreement, including our diligence obligations, our obligation to mark licensed products with applicable patent numbers, our exploitation of any licensed patent rights outside of the licensed field or our cessation of commercial activities in the licensed field. Caltech may also terminate the Caltech Agreement for certain specified insolvency-related events. We may terminate our license to any particular licensed patent or patent application at any time by providing advance written notice. Subject to a cure period, we may terminate the Caltech Agreement upon material, uncured breach by Caltech. 
 Corporate Information 
 IsoPlexis Corporation was incorporated in Delaware on March 1, 2013. Our principal executive office is located at 35 NE Industrial Rd., Branford, CT 06405 and our telephone number is (203) 208-4111. We completed our initial public 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 offering (our IPO in October 2021, and our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq under the symbol ISO. 
 Available Information 
 Additional information regarding IsoPlexis may be obtained at www.isoplexis.com and our investor relations website at https://investors.isoplexis.com. We have used, and intend to continue to use, our investor relations website as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Our website address is not intended to function as a hyperlink and the information available at these addresses is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. We make our periodic and annual reports, together with amendments to these reports, available on our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website as www.sec.gov that contains the reports and other information that we file electronically with the SEC. 
 In addition, our corporate governance guidelines, code of business conduct and ethics and the committee charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are available through the investor relations section of our website at https://investors.isoplexis.com. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider and read carefully all of the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as the other information included in this Form 10-K, including our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto appearing in this Form 10-K and in the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before deciding whether to invest in our common stock. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below, if they occur, or other events, developments or risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In such an event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your original investment. Some statements in this Form 10-K, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks, including those described at length below. The following is a summary of some of the principal risks we face: 
 risks relating to our pending merger with Berkeley Light s; 
 we have incurred significant net losses since inception, we expect to incur net losses in the future and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve and maintain profitability and we have concluded that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern; 
 it may be difficult for us to implement our strategies for executing our growth plan or to sustain or successfully manage our anticipated growth. Specifically, we may face difficulties related to scaling our operations, converting customers to our platform and incorporating new equipment and new technology systems and laboratory processes in response to our growth; 
 we have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate the prospects for our future viability and predict our future performance; 
 the life sciences technology market is highly competitive. If we fail to compete effectively, our business and results of operations will suffer; 
 the sizes of the markets and forecasts of market growth for our platform are based on a number of complex assumptions and estimates, and may be inaccurate; 
 our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be harmed if our customers discontinue or spend less on research, development and production and other scientific endeavors; 
 if we do not successfully manage the development and launch of new products, our operating results could be adversely affected; 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 we depend on our key personnel and other highly qualified personnel, and if we are unable to recruit, train and retain our personnel, we may not achieve our goals; 
 we depend on our information technology systems, and any failure of these systems could harm our business; 
 due to the significant resources required to enable access in new markets, we must make strategic and operational decisions to prioritize certain markets or technology offerings. We may expend our resources to access markets or develop technologies that do not yield meaningful revenue or we may fail to capitalize on markets or technologies that may be more profitable or with a greater potential for success; 
 our international business could expose us to business, regulatory, political, operational, financial, and economic risks associated with doing business outside of the United States; 
 our manufacturing operations are dependent upon third party suppliers, including single source suppliers, making us vulnerable to supply shortages and price fluctuations, which could harm our business; 
 if our facilities are damaged or become inoperable, we will be unable to continue to research, develop and manufacture our products and, as a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected until we are able to secure a new facility; and 
 if we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for our products and technologies, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our products may be impaired. 
 
 Risks Related to the Merger 
 
 The Merger may not be completed and the Merger Agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms. 
 
 The Merger is subject to a number of conditions that must be satisfied, including the approval by Berkeley Lights stockholders of the issuance of Berkeley Lights Common Stock (as defined below) to IsoPlexis stockholders in connection with the Merger (the Berkeley Lights share issuance proposal and adoption of the Merger Agreement by IsoPlexis stockholders (the IsoPlexis merger proposal ), or waived (to the extent permitted), in each case prior to the completion of the Merger. These conditions to the completion of the Merger, some of which are beyond the control of Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis, may not be satisfied or waived in a timely manner or at all, and, accordingly, the Merger may be delayed or not completed. 
 
 Additionally, either Berkeley Lights or IsoPlexis may terminate the Merger Agreement under certain circumstances, including, among other reasons, if the Merger is not completed by June 21, 2023 (which date will be automatically extended to September 21, 2023 under certain circumstances if certain regulatory approvals have not been obtained by June 21, 2023 and then again to December 21, 2023 under such circumstances if such regulatory approvals have still not been obtained by September 21, 2023). In addition, if the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances specified in the Merger Agreement, Berkeley Lights or IsoPlexis, as applicable, may be required to pay the other party a termination fee of 2.3 million, including certain circumstances in which the Berkeley Lights board of directors or the IsoPlexis board of directors, as applicable, effects a change of recommendation or under certain circumstances where Berkeley Lights or IsoPlexis, as applicable, enters into an agreement with respect to (or consummates) a superior proposal following the termination of the Merger Agreement. 
 
 The termination of the Merger Agreement could negatively impact IsoPlexis and the trading price of IsoPlexis common stock. 
 
 If the Merger is not completed for any reason, including because Berkeley Lights stockholders fail to approve the Berkeley Lights share issuance proposal or because IsoPlexis stockholders fail to approve the IsoPlexis merger proposal, the ongoing business of IsoPlexis may be adversely affected and, without realizing any of the expected benefits of having completed the Merger, IsoPlexis would be subject to a number of risks, including the following: 
 
 IsoPlexis may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on its stock price; 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 IsoPlexis may experience negative reactions from its customers, suppliers, distributors and employees; 
 
 IsoPlexis will be required to pay its costs relating to the Merger, such as financial advisory, legal, financing and accounting costs and associated fees and expenses, whether or not the Merger is completed; 
 
 the Merger Agreement places certain restrictions on the conduct of IsoPlexis business prior to completion of the Merger and such restrictions, the waiver of which is subject to the consent of Berkeley Lights (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), may have prevented IsoPlexis from making certain acquisitions or from taking certain other specified actions during the pendency of the Merger that would have been beneficial; and 
 
 matters relating to the Merger (including integration planning) will require substantial commitments of time and resources by IsoPlexis management, which could otherwise have been devoted to day-to-day operations or to other opportunities that may have been beneficial to IsoPlexis as an independent company. 

Until the completion of the Merger or the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, IsoPlexis is prohibited from entering into certain transactions and taking certain actions that might otherwise be beneficial to IsoPlexis and its stockholders. 
 
 From and after the date of the Merger Agreement and prior to completion of the Merger, the Merger Agreement restricts IsoPlexis from taking specified actions without the consent of Berkeley Lights and requires that the business of IsoPlexis and its subsidiaries be conducted in the ordinary course in all material respects. These restrictions may prevent IsoPlexis from making appropriate changes to its business or organizational structure or from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the completion of the Merger, and could have the effect of delaying or preventing other strategic transactions. Adverse effects arising from these restrictions during the pendency of the Merger could be exacerbated by any delays in consummation of the Merger or termination of the Merger Agreement. 
 
 The Merger, and uncertainty regarding the Merger, may cause customers, suppliers, distributors or strategic partners to delay or defer decisions concerning IsoPlexis and adversely affect IsoPlexis ability to effectively manage its business. 
 
 The Merger will happen only if the stated conditions are met, including the approval of the Berkeley Lights share issuance proposal, the approval of the IsoPlexis merger proposal and the receipt of any required regulatory approvals, among other conditions. Many of the conditions are outside the control of Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis, and both parties also have certain rights to terminate the Merger Agreement. Accordingly, there may be uncertainty regarding the completion of the Merger. This uncertainty may cause customers, suppliers, distributors, vendors, strategic partners or others that deal with IsoPlexis to delay or defer entering into contracts with IsoPlexis or making other decisions concerning IsoPlexis or seek to change or cancel existing business relationships with IsoPlexis, which could negatively affect its business. Any delay or deferral of those decisions or changes in existing agreements could have an adverse impact on the business of IsoPlexis, regardless of whether the Merger is ultimately completed. 
 
 In addition, the Merger Agreement restricts IsoPlexis and its subsidiaries from making certain acquisitions and from taking other specified actions during the pendency of the Merger without the consent of Berkeley Lights. These restrictions may prevent IsoPlexis from pursuing attractive business opportunities or strategic transactions that may arise prior to the completion of the Merger. 
 
 Whether or not the Merger is completed, the announcement and pendency of the Merger could cause disruptions to IsoPlexis business, which could have an adverse effect on its business and financial results. 
 
 Whether or not the Merger is completed, the announcement and pendency of the Merger could cause disruptions to IsoPlexis business. Specifically: 
 
 current and prospective employees of IsoPlexis will experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company, which might adversely affect IsoPlexis ability to retain key managers and other employees; and 
 
 the attention of management of IsoPlexis may be directed toward the completion of the Merger. 
 
 In addition, IsoPlexis has diverted significant management resources in an effort to complete the Merger and is subject to restrictions contained in the Merger Agreement on the conduct of its business. If the Merger is not completed, IsoPlexis 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 will have incurred significant costs, including the diversion of management resources, for which it will have received little or no benefit. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We have incurred significant net losses since inception, we expect to incur net losses in the future, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve and maintain profitability and we have concluded that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 We have incurred significant net losses since our inception. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred net losses of 106.0 million and 81.6 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of 240.0 million and 134.0 million, respectively. At the time of issuance of our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, we concluded that there was substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the issuance of such audited consolidated financial statements. We expect that our operating expenses will continue to increase as we develop, enhance and commercialize new products and incur additional operational costs associated with being a public company. To date, we have financed our operations primarily from private placements of our redeemable convertible preferred stock, the sale of common stock in our IPO, the incurrence of indebtedness and, to a lesser extent, grant income and revenue derived from sales of our instruments and chip consumables. We have devoted substantially all of our resources to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, conducting development activities, including development and commercialization of our IsoLight and IsoSpark instruments, IsoCode and CodePlex chip consumables, and IsoSpeak software and research and development activities related to advancing and expanding our scientific and technological capabilities, and filing patent applications. We will need to generate significant additional revenue to achieve and sustain profitability, and even if we achieve profitability, we cannot be sure that we will remain profitable for any substantial period of time. We may never be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve or sustain profitability and our recent and historical growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance. If we do not achieve or sustain profitability, it will be more difficult for us to finance our business and accomplish our strategic objectives, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 It may be difficult for us to implement our strategies for executing our growth plan or to sustain or successfully manage our anticipated growth. 
 Our success will depend on our ability to grow market penetration in existing markets and our ability to identify new applications for our platform to capture a greater share of the research spend accelerating advanced medicines and additional markets in the future. Our ability to grow our market penetration in existing markets will depend on our ability to attract new customers by increasing awareness of the capabilities of our platform. Future revenue growth will also depend on our ability to: 
 properly identify and anticipate the needs of our customers in existing and new markets, including expanding our capabilities to include new applications for infectious diseases, inflammatory conditions and neurological diseases; 
 develop and introduce new products; 
 avoid infringing upon the intellectual property rights of third-parties and maintain necessary intellectual property licenses from third-parties; and 
 provide adequate training to potential users of our products. 
 If we are unable to drive new customer conversion to our platform, expand adoption of the IsoLight or IsoSpark and our related products in new industries and markets, or increase the usage and value of our workflows to our customers, then our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 Additionally, as we continue to scale our business and the number of customers accessing our platform grows and our volume of installed platforms increases, we may find that certain of our products, certain customers or certain markets may require a dedicated sales force or sales personnel with different experience than those we currently employ. We may need to increase our capacity for customer service and support, for billing and general process improvements, and expand our internal quality assurance programs. Identifying, recruiting and training additional qualified personnel would require significant time, expense and attention. We may also need to purchase additional equipment, some of which can take several months or more to procure, setup and validate, and increase our personnel levels to meet increased demand. There is no assurance that any of these increases in scale, expansion of personnel, equipment, software and computing capacities 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 or process enhancements will be successfully implemented, or that we will have adequate space, including in our manufacturing facilities, to accommodate such required expansion. 
 As we commercialize additional products, we will need to incorporate new equipment, implement new technology systems and laboratory processes, and hire new personnel, possibly with supplemental or different qualifications as compared to our current personnel. Failure to manage this growth or transition could result in turnaround time delays, higher product costs, declining product quality, deteriorating customer service and slower responses to competitive challenges. A failure in any one of these areas could make it difficult for us to meet market expectations for our products and could damage our reputation and the prospects for our business. 
 We have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate the prospects for our future viability and predict our future performance. 
 We completed our first sale of our instruments in June 2018. Revenue decreased by 2.9 to 16.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 17.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, we operate in highly competitive markets characterized by rapid technological advances and we expect that our business will have to evolve over time to remain competitive. As included in Note 5, the reserve for excess and obsolete inventory were 9.5 million and 0.4 million, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience pricing pressure for our products and services as a result of competitive factors and an evolving product mix as we expand the scope of our offering. Our limited operating history, evolving business and rapid growth may make it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and the risks and challenges we may encounter and may increase the risk that we will not continue to grow at or near historical rates. 
 If we fail to address the risks and difficulties that we face, including those described elsewhere in this Item 1A. of this Form 10K, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. We have encountered in the past, and expect to encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies with limited operating histories in new and rapidly changing industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks and difficulties successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our expectations and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 The life sciences technology market is highly competitive. If we fail to compete effectively, our business and results of operations will suffer. 
 We face significant competition in the life sciences technology market. We currently compete with many established technology companies in the flow cytometry, cellular analysis and single-cell-omics businesses. This includes companies that design, manufacture and market systems, consumables and software for, among other applications, genomics, transcriptomics, proteomics, metabolomics, single-cell analysis and immunology, and/or provide services related to the same. These companies include Becton, Dickinson and Company, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. and Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., each of which has products that compete to varying degrees with some but not all of our products. 
 Some of our current competitors are large publicly-traded companies, or are divisions of large publicly-traded companies, and may enjoy a number of competitive advantages over us, including: 
 greater name and brand recognition; 
 greater financial and human resources 
 broader product lines 
 larger sales forces and more established distributor networks 
 substantial intellectual property portfolios 
 larger and more established customer bases and relationships and 
 better established, larger scale and lower cost manufacturing capabilities. 
 As a result, our competitors and potential competitors may be able to respond more quickly to changes in customer requirements, devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their platforms or instruments than we can or sell their platforms or instruments, or offer services competitive with our platform and services, at prices designed to win significant levels of market share. We may not be able to compete effectively against these organizations. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, competitors may be acquired by, receive investments from or enter into other commercial relationships with larger, well-established and well-financed companies. Certain of our competitors may be able to secure key inputs from vendors on more favorable terms, devote greater resources to marketing and promotional campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies and devote substantially more resources to product development than we can. If we are unable to compete successfully against current and future competitors, we may be unable to increase market adoption and sales of our platform, which could prevent us from increasing our revenue or achieving profitability. 
 The sizes of the markets and forecasts of market growth for our platform are based on a number of complex assumptions and estimates, and may be inaccurate. 
 The market for our platform is evolving, making it difficult to predict with any accuracy the size of the markets for our current and future products. We use estimates and forecasts to calculate annual total addressable markets and market growth for our platform and for our technologies under development. These estimates and forecasts are based on a number of complex assumptions, internal and third party estimates and other business data, including assumptions and estimates relating to our ability to generate revenue from the development of new applications and products. While we believe our assumptions and the data underlying our estimates are reasonable, there are inherent challenges in measuring or forecasting such information. As a result, these assumptions and estimates may not be correct and the conditions supporting our assumptions or estimates may change at any time, thereby reducing the predictive accuracy of these underlying factors. As a result, our estimates of the annual total addressable market and our forecasts of market growth and future revenue for our current or future products may prove to be incorrect. If the annual total addressable market or the potential market growth for our platform is smaller than we have estimated, it may impair our sales growth and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 New product development involves a lengthy and complex process and we may be unable to develop or commercialize new products on a timely basis, or at all. 
 Products from our research and development programs will take time and considerable resources to develop, and may include improvements or changes to our instruments, chip consumables and software, and we may not be able to complete development and commercialize them on a timely basis, or at all. There can be no assurance that any of our applications and other products in development will produce commercial products and solutions and before we can commercialize any new products or workflows, we will need to expend significant funds in order to: 
 conduct substantial research and development, which may include validation and proof of concept studies 
 further develop and scale our laboratory, engineering and manufacturing processes to accommodate different products and workflows and 
 further develop and scale our infrastructure to be able to analyze increasingly large amounts of data. 
 Our product and workflow development processes involve a high degree of risk, and these efforts may be delayed or fail for many reasons, including: 
 failure of the product or workflow to perform as expected and 
 failure to reliably demonstrate the process advantages of our products or workflows. 
 In addition, if we are unable to generate additional data and insights from our research and development programs, then we may not be able to advance these programs as quickly, or at all, or without significant additional investment, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our product and workflow development efforts. 
 Even if we are successful in developing new products or workflows, it will require us to make significant additional investments in marketing and selling resources in order to commercialize any such products or workflows. As a result, we may be unsuccessful in commercializing new products or workflows that we develop, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly in the future, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or any guidance we may provide. 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results have fluctuated significantly in the past and may fluctuate significantly in the future, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future operating results. These fluctuations may occur due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including, but not limited to: 
 the level of demand for our platform, which may vary significantly 
 the length of time of the sales cycle for purchases of our products 
 the timing and cost of, and level of investment in, research, development and commercialization activities relating to our products, which may change from time to time 
 the mix of our products sold and the geographies in which they are sold period to period 
 the relative reliability and robustness of our IsoSpark and IsoLight instruments 
 the introduction of new products or product enhancements by us or others in our industry 
 expenditures that we may incur to acquire, develop or commercialize additional products and technologies 
 expenditures involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patent claims 
 changes in governmental regulations 
 future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies and 
 general market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors. 
 The effect of one of the factors discussed above, or the cumulative effects of a combination of factors discussed above, could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Investors should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be harmed if our customers discontinue or spend less on research, development and production and other scientific endeavors. 
 Our customers include biopharmaceutical companies and academic and research institutions. Many factors, including public policy spending priorities, available resources and product and economic cycles, have a significant effect on the capital spending policies of these entities. Fluctuations in the research and development budgets of our customers could have a significant effect on the demand for our products. Our customers determine their research and development budgets based on several factors, including the need to develop new products, continued availability of governmental and other funding, competition and the general availability of resources. If our customers research and development budgets are reduced, the impact could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we are unable to maintain and expand sales and marketing capabilities, we may not be successful in increasing sales of our existing products or commercializing new products. 
 We may not be able to market, sell or distribute our current products, or future products that we may develop, effectively enough to support our planned growth. 
 Competition for employees capable of selling expensive instruments and related products within the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries is intense. As of December 31, 2022, we employed a commercial team of approximately 100 team members, but we may not be able to retain existing personnel or attract new personnel or be able to maintain, and continue to build, an efficient and effective sales organization, which could negatively impact sales and market acceptance of our products and limit our revenue growth and potential profitability. In addition, the time and cost of establishing and maintaining a specialized sales, marketing and service force for a particular product or service may be difficult to justify in light of the revenue generated or projected. 
 Our expected future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including the need to identify, recruit, maintain and integrate additional employees. Our future financial performance and our ability to increase sales of our existing products, commercialize new products and to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to manage this potential future growth effectively, without compromising quality. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, we utilize thirteen distributor relationships to market and sell our products in Europe, North America, the Middle East and Asia-Pacific and we intend to leverage our distributor partnerships to expand into additional markets in the future. We exert limited control over these distributors under our agreements with them, and if their sales and marketing efforts for our products in any region are not successful, our business would be materially and adversely affected. Locating, qualifying and engaging distribution partners with local industry experience and knowledge will be necessary in at least the short to mid-term to effectively market and sell our products in certain countries outside the United States. We may not be successful in finding, attracting and retaining distribution partners, or we may not be able to enter into such arrangements on favorable terms. Even if we are successful in identifying distributors, such distributors may engage in sales practices that violate local laws or our internal policies, which could create civil or criminal liability for us. Furthermore, sales practices utilized by any such distribution parties that are locally acceptable may not comply with sales practices standards required under U.S. and other laws that apply to us, which could create additional compliance risk. If our sales and marketing efforts by us or our distributors are not successful outside the United States, we may not achieve our sales goals for our products outside the United States, which would materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we do not successfully manage the development and launch of new products, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Further development and commercialization of our current and future products are key elements of our growth strategy. For example, we completed our first sale of our IsoSpark instrument in the first quarter of 2021 and we intend to launch additional new products in the next six to twelve months. The expenses or losses associated with unsuccessful product development or launch activities, our inability to improve the functionality or reliability and robustness of our current products, or lack of market acceptance of our new products could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. This future growth could create strain on our organizational, administrative and operational infrastructure, including laboratory operations, quality control, customer service and sales organization management. 
 If we fail to offer high-quality customer service, our business and reputation could suffer. 
 Ensuring high-quality customer service is important for the growth of our business and any failure to maintain such standards of customer service, or a related market perception, could affect our ability to sell products to existing and prospective customers. Additionally, we believe our customer service team has a positive influence on recurring chip consumables revenue. Providing an exceptional customer experience requires significant time and resources from our customer service team. Potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the health and safety of our customer service organization could reduce or eliminate the organization s ability to provide an exceptional customer experience. Additionally, the organization s ability to provide on-site, in-person customer service (including on-site installation of our instruments) has and may continue to be restricted or eliminated due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. Therefore, failure to scale our customer service organization adequately or impacts on our organization s ability to provide an exceptional customer experience may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Customers utilize our service teams and online content for help with a variety of topics, including how to use our products efficiently, how to integrate our products into existing workflows, how to determine which of our other products may be needed for a given experiment and how to resolve technical, analysis and operational issues if and when they arise. As we introduce new products and enhance existing products, we expect utilization of our customer service teams to increase. In particular, the introduction of new or improved products may require additional customer service efforts to ensure customers use such products correctly and efficiently. While we have developed significant resources for remote training, including an extensive library of online videos, we may need to rely more on these resources for future customer training or we may experience increased expenses to enhance our online and remote solutions, particularly due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. If our customers do not adopt these resources, we may be required to increase the staffing of our customer service team, which would increase our costs. Also, as our business scales, we may need to engage third-party customer service providers, which could increase our costs and negatively impact the quality of the customer experience if such third parties are unable to provide service levels equivalent to ours. 
 The number of our customers has grown significantly and such growth, as well as any future growth, will put additional pressure on our customer service organization. We may be unable to hire qualified personnel quickly enough or to the extent necessary to accommodate increases in demand. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, as we continue to grow our operations and reach a global customer base, we need to be able to provide efficient customer service that meets our customers needs globally at scale. In geographies where we sell through distributors, we rely on those distributors to provide customer service. If these third-party distributors do not provide a high-quality customer experience, our business operations and reputation may suffer. 
 Repair or replacement costs due to warranties we provide on our instruments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We provide a one-year assurance-type warranty on our instruments. Existing and future warranties place us at the risk of incurring future repair and/or replacement costs. At the time revenue is recognized, we establish an accrual for estimated warranty expenses based on historical data and trends of product reliability and costs of repairing and replacing defective products. We exercise judgment in estimating the expected product warranty costs, using data such as the actual and projected product failure rates, estimated repair costs, freight, material, labor and overhead costs. While we believe that historical experience provides a reliable basis for estimating such warranty cost, unforeseen quality issues or component failure rates as well as significantly higher sales and the introduction of new products could result in future costs in excess of such estimates, or alternatively, improved quality and reliability in our products could result in actual expenses that are below those currently estimated. As of December 31, 2022, we had accrued expenses of 0.3 million relating to product warranty accruals. Substantial amounts of warranty claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our Credit Agreement contains covenants, which restrict our operating activities, and we may be required to repay the outstanding indebtedness in an event of default, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 On December 30, 2020, we entered into a credit agreement and guaranty (as amended, the Credit Agreement ), which provides for senior secured financing of up to 50.0 million, consisting of (i) a 25.0 million Tranche A term loan, (ii) a 10.0 million Tranche B term loan, (iii) a 7.5 million Tranche C term loan and (iv) a 7.5 million Tranche D term loan. The full amount of the Tranche A term loan was drawn on December 30, 2020, the full amount of the Tranche B term loan was drawn on May 27, 2021, the full amount of the Tranche C term loan was drawn on March 30, 2022, and the full amount of the Tranche D term loan was drawn on June 29, 2022. Unless accelerated prior to such date, all amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement are due to be repaid on December 30, 2025. Until we have repaid such indebtedness, the Credit Agreement subjects us to various customary covenants, including requirements as to minimum liquidity and minimum total revenue and restrictions on our ability to incur indebtedness or guarantees, to subject our assets to any liens, to make investments and loans, to make capital expenditures, to engage in mergers, acquisitions and asset sales, to engage in new lines of business, to declare dividends, make payments or redeem or repurchase equity interests, to enter into agreements limiting restricted subsidiary distributions, to prepay, redeem or purchase certain indebtedness and to engage in certain transactions with affiliates. In particular, the Credit Agreement includes a quarterly minimum total revenue covenant for the applicable trailing twelve month period, which revenue threshold began at approximately 16.8 million for the twelve months ended March 31, 2022 and increases over time. In November 2022 and February 2023, we obtained from the lenders waivers of the quarterly minimum total revenue covenant for the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022 and a waiver of any event of default resulting from non-compliance with the quarterly minimum total revenue covenant for such test period. In March 2023, we also obtained from the lenders a waiver pertaining to the existence of a going concern qualification in the accompanying opinion of our auditors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any resulting event of default. There can be no assurance as to our future compliance with the covenants under the Credit Agreement or that our lenders will waive any failure to satisfy such covenants under the Credit Agreement in the future. Our business may be adversely affected by these restrictions on our ability to operate our business. 
 We may be required to repay the amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement if an event of default occurs under the Credit Agreement. An event of default will occur if, among other things, we fail to make required payments under the Credit Agreement; we breach any of our covenants under the Credit Agreement, subject to specified cure periods with respect to certain breaches; the Administrative Agent determines that a material adverse change (as defined in the Credit Agreement) has occurred; we or our assets become subject to certain legal proceedings, such as bankruptcy proceedings; we are unable to pay our debts as they become due; or we default on certain material indebtedness which would permit the acceleration of maturity of such indebtedness. We may not have enough available cash or be able to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings to repay such indebtedness at the time any such event of default occurs. In the case where we may not have enough available cash or be able to raise additional funds to repay such indebtedness, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or operations or grant to others rights to develop and market products that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. The Administrative Agent could also exercise its 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 rights as secured lender to take possession of and to dispose of the collateral securing the term loans, which collateral includes substantially all of our property. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected as a result of any of these events. 
 Despite our level of indebtedness, we may incur more debt and undertake additional obligations. Incurring such debt or undertaking such additional obligations could further exacerbate the risks our indebtedness poses to our financial condition. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 46.4 million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding indebtedness, subject to certain conditions, under the Credit Agreement. Despite our level of indebtedness, we may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness in the future, including in the event we refinance or replace our existing Credit Agreement. Although the Credit Agreement contains restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions. These restrictions also will not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness and, if we refinance existing indebtedness, such refinancing indebtedness may contain fewer restrictions on our activities. To the extent new indebtedness is added to our currently anticipated indebtedness levels, the related risks that we face could intensify. While the Credit Agreement also contains restrictions on making certain investments and loans, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the investments and loans incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. 
 We depend on our key personnel and other highly qualified personnel, and if we are unable to recruit, train and retain our personnel, we may not achieve our goals. 
 Our future success depends upon our ability to recruit, train, retain and motivate key personnel. Our senior management team, including Sean Mackay, one of our co-founders and our Chief Executive Officer; John Strahley, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jing Zhou, our Chief Scientific Officer, is critical to our vision, strategic direction, product development and commercialization efforts. The departure of one or more of our executive officers, senior management team members, or other key employees could be disruptive to our business until we are able to hire qualified successors. We do not maintain key man life insurance on our senior management team. 
 Our continued growth depends, in part, on attracting, retaining and motivating qualified personnel, including highly-trained sales personnel with the necessary scientific background and ability to understand our platform at a technical level to effectively identify and sell to potential new customers. New hires require significant training and, in most cases, take significant time before they achieve full productivity. Our failure to successfully integrate these key personnel into our business could adversely affect our business. In addition, competition for qualified personnel in our industry is intense. We compete for qualified scientific and information technology personnel with other life science and information technology companies as well as academic institutions and research institutions. Some of our scientific personnel are qualified foreign nationals whose ability to live and work in the United States is contingent upon the continued availability of appropriate visas. As a result, changes to United States immigration policies could restrain the flow of technical and professional talent into the United States and may inhibit our ability to hire qualified personnel. The current United States rules, regulations, policies and mandates restricting immigration and reforming the work visa process may adversely affect our ability to retain and maintain qualified personnel. 
 We do not maintain fixed term employment contracts with any of our employees. As a result, our employees could leave our company with little or no prior notice and may be free to work for a competitor. Due to the complex and technical nature of our products and technology and the dynamic market in which we compete, any failure to attract, train, retain and motivate qualified personnel could materially harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 We depend on our information technology systems, and any failure of these systems could harm our business. 
 We depend on information technology and telecommunications systems for significant elements of our operations, including our laboratory information management system, our quality management system, our sales management system, and product lifecycle management system. We have installed, and expect to expand, a number of enterprise software systems that affect a broad range of business processes and functional areas, including for example, systems handling human resources, financial controls and reporting, contract management, regulatory compliance and other infrastructure operations. These information technology and telecommunications systems support a variety of functions, including manufacturing operations, laboratory operations, data analysis, quality control, customer service and support, billing, research and development activities, scientific and general administrative activities. 
 Information technology and telecommunications systems are vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, malicious software, bugs or viruses, human acts and natural disasters. Moreover, 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 despite network security and back-up measures, some of our servers are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems. Any disruption or loss of information technology or telecommunications systems on which critical aspects of our operations depend could have an adverse effect on our business and our reputation, and we may be unable to regain or repair our reputation in the future. 
 Due to the significant resources required to enable access in new markets, we must make strategic and operational decisions to prioritize certain markets or technology offerings. We may expend our resources to access markets or develop technologies that do not yield meaningful revenue or we may fail to capitalize on markets or technologies that may be more profitable or with a greater potential for success. 
 We believe our platform has potential applications across a wide range of markets and we have targeted certain markets in which we believe our technology has significant advantages, or for which we believe we have a higher probability of success or revenue opportunity or for which the path to realizing or achieving revenue is shorter. For example, our initial focus has been on developing applications for cancer immunology and cell and gene therapy but we are expanding our capabilities to include applications for infectious diseases, inflammatory conditions and neurological disorders. We seek to maintain a process of prioritization and resource allocation to maintain a balance between advancing near-term opportunities and exploring additional markets for our technology. However, due to the significant resources required for the development of new applications for new markets, we must make decisions on which markets to pursue and the amount of resources to allocate to each. Our decisions concerning the allocation of research, development, collaboration, management and financial resources toward particular applications may not lead to the development of any viable product and may divert resources away from better opportunities. 
 Our international business could expose us to business, regulatory, political, operational, financial, and economic risks associated with doing business outside of the United States. 
 We currently sell our products in several international markets, including in Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Israel, Japan, Portugal, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, and we intend to expand into additional international markets. We currently maintain relationships with distributors outside of the United States and may in the future enter into new distributor relationships. Doing business internationally involves a number of risks, including: 
 multiple, conflicting and changing laws and regulations such as privacy regulations, tax laws, export and import restrictions, tariffs, economic sanctions and embargoes, employment laws, regulatory requirements and other governmental approvals, permits and licenses; 
 failure by us or our distributors to obtain approvals to conduct our business in various countries; 
 differing intellectual property rights; 
 complexities and difficulties in obtaining intellectual property protection, enforcing our intellectual property and defending against third party intellectual property claims; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 logistics and regulations associated with shipping systems and parts and components for instruments and chip consumables, as well as transportation delays; 
 travel restrictions that limit the ability of marketing, presales, sales, services and support teams to service customers; 
 financial risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty collecting accounts receivable, the impact of local and regional financial crises on demand and payment for our products and exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 international trade disputes that could result in tariffs and other protective measures; 
 natural disasters, political and economic instability, including wars such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism and political unrest, outbreak of disease, boycotts, curtailment of trade and other business restrictions; and 
 regulatory and compliance risks that relate to maintaining accurate information and control over sales and distributors activities that may fall within the purview of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ), its books and records provisions, or its anti-bribery provisions, or similar laws in other countries. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Any of these factors could significantly harm our current operations and potential future international expansion and consequently, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, certain international markets are subject to significant political and economic uncertainty, including for example the effect of the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union. Significant political and economic developments in international markets for which we operate or intend to operate, or the perception that any of them could occur, creates further challenges for operating in these markets in addition to creating instability in global economic conditions. 
 Our products could have defects or errors, which may give rise to claims against us, adversely affect market adoption of our products, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our instruments, chip consumables and services utilize novel and complex technology and may develop or contain undetected defects or errors. We cannot assure you that material performance problems, defects, or errors will not arise, including as we commercialize additional products. We provide warranties that our instruments will meet performance expectations and will be free from defects. The costs incurred in correcting any defects or errors may be substantial and could adversely affect our operating margins. 
 In manufacturing our products, we depend upon third parties for the supply of various components, many of which require a significant degree of technical expertise to produce. If our suppliers fail to produce our components to specification or provide defective products to us and our quality control tests and procedures fail to detect such errors or defects, or if we or our suppliers use defective materials or workmanship in the manufacturing process, the reliability and performance of our products will be compromised. 
 If our products contain defects, we may experience: 
 loss of customer orders and delay in order fulfillment; 
 damage to our brand reputation; 
 increased warranty and customer service and support costs due to product repair or replacement; 
 product recalls, withdrawals or replacements; 
 inability to attract new customers; 
 diversion of resources from our manufacturing and research and development departments to our service department; and 
 legal claims against us, including product liability claims, which could be costly and time consuming to defend and result in substantial damages. 
 If we were to be sued for product liability, we could face substantial liabilities that exceed our resources. 
 The marketing, sale and use of our products could lead to the filing of product liability claims were someone to allege that our products identified inaccurate or incomplete information regarding the cells analyzed or otherwise failed to perform as designed. We may also be subject to liability for errors in, a misunderstanding of or inappropriate reliance upon, the information we provide in the ordinary course of our business activities. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we could incur substantial liabilities and reputational harm. In addition, regardless of the merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 
 costs of litigation; 
 distraction of management s attention from our primary business; 
 the inability to commercialize existing or new products; 
 decreased demand for our products; 
 damage to our business reputation; 
 product recalls or withdrawals from the market; 
 termination of existing agreements by customers and suppliers; and 
 loss of net sales. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 We maintain product liability insurance that we believe is adequate, but this insurance is subject to deductibles and coverage limitations. Our current product liability insurance may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all, and, if available, coverage may not fully protect us from the financial impact of defending against product liability claims. Any product liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could increase our insurance rates or prevent us from securing insurance coverage in the future. A product liability lawsuit, recall or other claim with respect to uninsured liabilities or for amounts in excess of insured liabilities could impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our insurance policies are expensive and protect us only from some business risks, which leaves us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. 
 We do not carry insurance for all categories of risk that our business may encounter and our policies have limits and significant deductibles. Some of the policies we currently maintain include general liability, property, umbrella and directors and officers insurance. 
 Any additional product liability insurance coverage we acquire in the future may not be sufficient to reimburse us for any expenses or losses we may suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive and in the future we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses. A successful product liability claim or series of claims in which judgments exceed our insurance coverage could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, including preventing or limiting the commercialization of any products we develop. 
 We also expect the laws, rules and regulations we are subject to as a public company to make it more expensive for us to maintain directors and officers liability insurance, and we may be required in the future to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to maintain coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified people to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. We do not know, however, if we will be able to maintain existing insurance with adequate levels of coverage. Any significant uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may need to raise additional capital to fund our existing operations, improve our platform or develop and commercialize new instruments, consumables and software, or expand our operations. 
 If our available cash resources and anticipated cash flows from operations are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, including because of lower demand for our products or the realization of other risks discussed in this Item 1A. of this Form 10-K, we may be required to raise additional capital through issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, entrance into a credit facility or another form of third party funding or seek other debt financing. There is no assurance we will be able to obtain future financing on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 In any event, we may consider raising additional capital in the future to expand our business, to pursue strategic investments, to take advantage of financing opportunities or for other reasons, including to: 
 increase our sales and marketing efforts to drive market adoption of our platform and address competitive developments; 
 fund development and marketing efforts of our existing products or any future products; 
 expand our technologies into additional markets; 
 acquire, license or invest in technologies and other intellectual property rights; 
 acquire or invest in complementary businesses or assets; and 
 finance capital expenditures and general and administrative expenses. 
 Our present and future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 our ability to achieve projected revenue growth; 
 the cost of expanding our operations, including production capacity, lab space, and our offerings, including our sales and marketing efforts; 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 our rate of progress in launching and commercializing new products, and the cost of the sales and marketing activities associated with increasing sales of our existing instruments and products; 
 our rate of progress in, and cost of research and development activities associated with, products in research and development; 
 the effect of competing technological and market developments; 
 the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patent claims; 
 costs related to domestic and international expansion; and 
 the potential cost of and delays in product development as a result of any regulatory oversight that may be applicable to our products. 
 The various ways we could raise additional capital carry potential risks. If we raise funds by issuing equity securities, dilution to our stockholders could result. Any preferred equity securities issued also could provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. If we raise funds by borrowing debt, such debt would have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. The terms of such debt could impose significant restrictions on our operations. If we raise funds through collaborations or licensing arrangements, we might be required to relinquish significant rights to our platform technologies or products or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us or commit to future payment streams. Market volatility resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic or other factors may further adversely impact our ability to raise capital as and when needed. 
 If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, if we require it, our ability to continue to pursue our business objectives and to respond to business opportunities, challenges, or unforeseen circumstances could be significantly limited, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We are subject to differing tax rates in several jurisdictions in which we operate, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We are subject to taxes in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions. Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in various jurisdictions, including the United States, may be subject to change. Our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in tax laws or their interpretation. In addition, we may be subject to income tax audits by various tax jurisdictions. Although we believe our income tax liabilities are reasonably estimated and accounted for in accordance with applicable laws and principles, an adverse resolution by one or more taxing authorities could have a material impact on the results of our operations. 
 International tariffs applied to goods traded between the United States and China may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 International tariffs, including tariffs applied to goods traded between the United States and China, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Since the beginning of 2018, there has been increasing rhetoric, in some cases coupled with legislative or executive action, from several U.S. and foreign leaders regarding the possibility of instituting tariffs against foreign imports of certain materials. More specifically, in March and April of 2018, the United States and China have applied tariffs to certain of each other s exports. The institution of trade tariffs both globally and between the United States and China specifically carries the risk of adversely affecting overall economic condition, which could have a negative impact on us as imposition of tariffs could cause an increase in the cost of our products and the components for our products, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Unfavorable U.S. or global economic conditions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, or otherwise, could adversely affect our ability to raise capital and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 While the potential economic impact brought by, and the duration of, the COVID-19 pandemic is difficult to assess or predict, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in, and may continue to result in, extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets, reducing our ability to raise additional capital through equity, equity-linked or debt financings, which could negatively impact our short-term and long-term liquidity and our ability to operate in accordance with our operating plan, or at all. Additionally, our results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and financial markets. If the operations of our suppliers are impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, we may 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 not be able to source the necessary components and materials to build our products in sufficient quantities to meet demand. If the operations of our customers are impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, including shutdowns of laboratories and delayed spending on instruments or chip consumables, we may not be able to sell our products or provide on-site, in-person customer service. A severe or prolonged economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand for our products and our ability to raise additional capital when needed on favorable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy could strain our customers budgets or cause delays in their payments to us. Any of the foregoing could harm our business, and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our ability to raise capital, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Risks Related to Manufacturing and Supply 
 If we are unable to manufacture our instruments in high-quality commercial quantities successfully and consistently to meet demand, our growth will be limited. 
 We have manufactured approximately 450 of our instruments as of December 31, 2022. We currently manufacture our instruments and chip consumables at our facilities in Branford, Connecticut. To manufacture our products in the quantities that we believe will be required to meet anticipated market demand, we will need to increase manufacturing capacity, which could involve significant challenges and may require additional quality controls. We may not successfully complete any required increase to existing manufacturing capacity in a timely manner, or at all. 
 If there is a disruption to our manufacturing operations, whether from COVID-19 or some other disruptions, we will have no other means of producing our products until we restore our facility or develop alternative manufacturing facilities. Additionally, any damage to or destruction of our facility or equipment may significantly impair our ability to manufacture our products on a timely basis. 
 If we are unable to produce our products in sufficient quantities to meet anticipated customer demand, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects would be harmed. The lack of experience we have in producing commercial quantities of our products may also result in quality issues, and could result in product defects or errors or recalls. 
 We use biological and hazardous materials that require considerable expertise and expense for handling, storage and disposal and may result in claims against us. 
 We work with materials, including chemicals, biological agents and compounds that could be hazardous to human health and safety or the environment. Our operations also produce hazardous and biological waste products. Federal, state and local laws and regulations govern the use, generation, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and wastes. We are subject to periodic inspections by federal, state and local authorities to ensure compliance with applicable laws. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations is expensive, and current or future environmental laws and regulations may restrict our operations. If we do not comply with applicable regulations, we may be subject to fines and penalties. 
 In addition, we cannot eliminate the risk of accidental injury or contamination from these materials or wastes, which could cause an interruption of our commercialization efforts, research and development programs and business operations, as well as environmental damage resulting in costly clean-up and liabilities under applicable laws and regulations. In the event of contamination or injury, we could be liable for damages or penalized with fines in an amount exceeding our resources and our operations could be suspended or otherwise adversely affected. Furthermore, environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent. We cannot predict the impact of such changes and cannot be certain of our future compliance. 
 Our manufacturing operations are dependent upon third party suppliers, including single source suppliers, making us vulnerable to external factors such as supply shortages and price fluctuations, which could harm our business. 
 We are subject to the risks inherent in the manufacturing of our products, including industrial accidents, environmental events, strikes and other labor disputes, capacity constraints, as well as global shortages, disruptions in supply chain and loss or impairment of key suppliers, as well as natural disasters and other external factors over which we have no control. Our products contain several critical components, including lasers, circuit boards, antibodies and reagents. Some of the suppliers of critical components or materials are single source suppliers. Although we believe there are suitable alternative suppliers for these components, the replacement of existing suppliers or the identification and qualification of suitable second sources may require significant time, effort and expense, and could result in delays in production, which could 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 negatively impact our business operations and revenue. We do not have supply agreements with certain suppliers of these critical components and materials beyond purchase orders and, although we maintain a safety stock inventory at our facilities in Branford, Connecticut for certain critical components, forecasted amounts may be inaccurate and we may experience shortages as a result of serious supply problems with these suppliers. There can be no assurance that our supply of components will not be limited, interrupted, or of satisfactory quality or continue to be available at acceptable prices. In addition, loss of any critical component provided by a single source supplier could require us to change the design of our manufacturing process based on the functions, limitations, features and specifications of the replacement components. 
 In addition, several other non-critical components and materials that comprise our products are currently manufactured by a single supplier or a limited number of suppliers. In certain of these cases, we have not yet qualified alternate suppliers. A supply interruption or an increase in demand beyond our current suppliers capabilities could harm our ability to manufacture our products unless and until new sources of supply are identified and qualified. Our reliance on these suppliers subjects us to a number of risks that could harm our business, including: 
 interruption of supply resulting from modifications to or discontinuation of a supplier s operations; 
 trade disputes or other political conditions or economic conditions; 
 delays in the manufacturing operations of our suppliers, or in the delivery of parts and components to support such manufacturing operations, due to the impact of public health issues, endemics or pandemics, such as COVID-19; 
 delays in product shipments resulting from uncorrected defects, reliability issues, or a supplier s variation in a component; 
 a lack of long-term supply arrangements for key components with our suppliers; 
 inability to obtain adequate supply in a timely manner, or to obtain adequate supply on commercially reasonable terms; 
 difficulty and cost associated with locating and qualifying alternative suppliers for our components in a timely manner; 
 a modification or change in a manufacturing process or part that unknowingly or unintentionally negatively impacts the operation of our platform; 
 production delays related to the evaluation and testing of products from alternative suppliers, and corresponding regulatory qualifications; 
 delay in delivery due to our suppliers prioritizing other customer orders over ours; 
 damage to our brand reputation caused by defective components produced by our suppliers; 
 increased cost of our warranty program due to product repair or replacement based upon defects in components produced by our suppliers; and 
 fluctuation in delivery by our suppliers due to changes in demand from us or their other customers. 
 Any interruption in the supply of components or materials, or our inability to obtain substitute components or materials from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could result in increased costs and impair our ability to meet the demand of our customers, any of which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We forecast sales to determine requirements for components and materials used in our instruments, and if our forecasts are incorrect, we may experience delays in shipments or increased inventory costs. 
 We keep limited materials, components and finished products on hand. To manage our operations with our third party suppliers, we forecast anticipated product orders and material requirements to predict our inventory needs and enter into purchase orders on the basis of these requirements. Several components of our products require an order lead time of 3 months to 6 months. Our limited historical commercial experience and rapid growth may not provide us with enough data to consistently and accurately predict future demand. If our business expands and our demand for components and materials increase beyond our estimates, our suppliers may be unable to meet our demand. In addition, if we underestimate our component and material requirements, we may have inadequate inventory, which could interrupt, delay, or prevent delivery of our products to our customers. By contrast, if we overestimate our component and material requirements, we may have excess inventory, which would increase our expenses. Any of these occurrences would negatively affect our financial performance and business results. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Shipping is a critical part of our business and any changes in our shipping arrangements or damages or losses sustained during shipping could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We currently rely on third party vendors for our shipping. If we are not able to negotiate acceptable pricing and other terms with these entities or they experience performance problems or other difficulties, it could negatively impact our operating results and our customers experience. In the past, some of our products have sustained serious damage in transit and were not repairable. Although we have taken steps to improve our shipping procedures, there is no guarantee our products will not become damaged or lost in transit in the future. If a product is damaged in transit, it may result in a substantial delay in the fulfillment of the customer s order, and depending on the type and extent of the damage and whether the incident is covered by insurance, it may result in a substantial financial loss. If our products are not delivered in a timely fashion or are damaged or lost during the delivery process, our customers could become dissatisfied and cease using our products or services, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If our facilities are damaged or become inoperable, we will be unable to continue to research, develop and manufacture our products and, as a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected until we are able to secure a new facility. 
 We do not have redundant facilities for the final assembly of our products. Our facilities and equipment would be costly to replace and could require substantial lead-time to repair or replace. Our facilities may be harmed or rendered inoperable by natural or man-made disasters, including, but not limited to, tornadoes, flooding, fire and power outages. Such disasters may render it difficult or impossible to manufacture our products and conduct our research and development activities for new products. The inability to perform those activities, combined with our limited materials, components and finished products, may result in the inability to continue manufacturing or supplying our products during such periods and the loss of customers or harm to our reputation. Although we possess insurance for damage to our facilities and the disruption of our business, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and this insurance may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 If we fail to maintain our numerous contractual relationships, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 We are party to numerous contracts in the normal course of our business, including our supply and distribution agreements. In the aggregate, these contractual relationships are necessary for us to operate our business. From time to time, we amend, terminate or negotiate our contracts. We may also periodically be subject to, or make claims of breach of contract, or threaten legal action relating to our contracts. These actions may result in litigation. At any one time, we have a number of negotiations under way for new or amended commercial agreements. We devote substantial time, effort and expense to the administration and negotiation of contracts involved in our business. However, these contracts may not continue in effect past their current term or we may not be able to negotiate satisfactory contracts in the future with current or new business partners, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Risks Related To Government Regulation 
 If our current or future products become subject to FDA or other related international regulation, the regulatory clearance or approval and the maintenance of continued and post-market regulatory compliance for such products will be expensive, time-consuming, and uncertain both in timing and in outcome. 
 We make our platform, which includes our instruments, chip consumables and software, available to customers as research-use-only RUO products. While products which are marketed and sold for RUO are not generally subject to regulation by the Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), regulatory requirements related to marketing, selling, and distribution of RUO products could change or be uncertain. Additionally, even if our products are labeled, promoted, and intended as RUO, the FDA or comparable agencies of other countries could disagree with our conclusion that our products are intended for research use only or deem our sales, marketing and promotional efforts as being inconsistent with RUO products. If the FDA or other regulatory authorities assert that any of our RUO products are subject to regulatory clearance or approval, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 In the event that we decide in the future to develop medical device products or modify our existing products in a manner intended for clinical or diagnostic uses, or if our existing platform were ever to be deemed a medical device by the FDA, we would be required in the United States to either receive clearance under Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or approval of a premarket approval application from the FDA, unless an exemption applies, prior to marketing any such product. The process of obtaining approval or clearance from the FDA for new products, or with 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 respect to enhancements or modifications to existing products, could take a significant period of time, require the expenditure of substantial resources, involve rigorous preclinical and clinical testing, require changes to products or result in limitations on the indicated uses of products. There can be no assurance that we would receive the required approvals or clearances for any new products or for modifications to our existing products on a timely basis or that any approval or clearance would not be subsequently withdrawn or conditioned upon extensive post-market study requirements. Moreover, even if we were to receive FDA clearance or approval of new products or modifications to existing products, we would be required to comply with extensive regulations relating to the development, research, clearance, approval, distribution, marketing, advertising and promotion, manufacture, adverse event reporting, recordkeeping, import and export of such products, which could substantially increase our operating costs and have a material impact on our business, profits and results of operations. Failure to comply with applicable regulations could jeopardize our ability to sell our products and result in enforcement actions such as warning letters, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, termination of distribution, recalls or seizures of products, delays in the introduction of products into the market, total or partial suspension of production, refusal to grant future clearances or approvals, withdrawals or suspensions of current approvals, resulting in prohibitions on sales of our products, and in the most serious cases, criminal penalties. Occurrence of any of the foregoing could harm our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our employees, consultants, distributors and commercial partners may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements, and insider trading. 
 We are exposed to the risk of fraud or other misconduct by our employees, consultants, distributors and commercial partners. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional failures to comply with the applicable laws and regulations in the United States and abroad, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting and other business arrangements. Such misconduct could result in legal or regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and any other precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses, or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could result in the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, which could have a significant impact on our business. Whether or not we are successful in defending against such actions or investigations, we could incur substantial costs, including legal fees and divert the attention of management in defending ourselves against any of these claims or investigations. 
 If we fail to comply with certain healthcare laws, including fraud and abuse laws, we could face substantial penalties and our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 Even though we do not order healthcare services or bill directly to Medicare, Medicaid, or other third party payors, certain federal and state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse may be applicable to our business. We could be subject to healthcare fraud and abuse laws of both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of available statutory and regulatory exceptions, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. If we or our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could materially adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for our products and technologies, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our products may be impaired. 
 We rely on patent protection as well as trademark, copyright, trade secret and other intellectual property rights protection and contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary products and technologies, all of which provide limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. If we fail to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property, third parties may be able to compete more effectively against us. In addition, we may incur substantial litigation costs in our attempts to recover or restrict use of our intellectual property. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 To the extent our intellectual property offers inadequate protection, or is found to be invalid or unenforceable, we would be exposed to a greater risk of direct competition. If our intellectual property does not provide adequate coverage of our products, our competitive position could be adversely affected, as could our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Both the patent application process and the process of managing patent and other intellectual property disputes can be time-consuming and expensive. 
 Our success depends in large part on our and our licensors ability to obtain and maintain protection of the intellectual property we may own solely and jointly with, or license from, third parties, particularly patents, in the United States and other countries with respect to our products and technologies. We apply for patents covering our products and technologies and uses thereof, as we deem appropriate. However, obtaining and enforcing patents is costly, time-consuming and complex, and we may fail to apply for patents on important products and technologies in a timely fashion or at all, or we may fail to apply for patents in potentially relevant jurisdictions. We may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications, or maintain, enforce and protect any patents that may issue from such patent applications, at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner or in all jurisdictions. It is possible that defects of form in the preparation or filing of our patents or patent applications may exist, or may arise in the future, for example with respect to proper priority claims, inventorship, claim scope or requests for patent term adjustments. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. If we delay filing a patent application, and a competitor files a patent application on the same or similar invention before we do, our ability to secure patent rights may be limited and we may not be able to patent the invention at all. Even if we can patent the invention, we may be able to patent only a limited scope of the invention, and the limited scope may be inadequate to protect our products and technologies, or to block a competitor s products and technologies that are similar or adjacent to ours. Our earliest patent filings have been published. A competitor may review our published patents and arrive at the same or similar technology advances for our products as we developed. If the competitor files a patent application on such an advance before we do, then we may no longer be able to protect that aspect of our products and technologies and we may require a license from the competitor, which may not be available on commercially viable terms. Moreover, we may not develop additional proprietary products, methods and technologies that are patentable. We may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the rights to patents licensed from or to third parties. Therefore, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced by such third parties in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. 
 In addition, the patent position of life sciences technology companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions, and has been the subject of much litigation in recent years. Changes in either the patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the United States or other countries or regions may diminish the value of our intellectual property. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability, and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. It is possible that none of our pending patent applications will result in issued patents in a timely fashion or at all, and even if patents are granted, they may not provide a basis for intellectual property protection of commercially viable products or services, may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be challenged, narrowed and invalidated by third parties. We cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in our patents or in third-party patents. It is possible that third parties will design around our current or future patents such that we cannot prevent such third parties from using similar technologies and commercializing similar products to compete with us. Some of our owned or licensed patents or patent applications may be challenged at a future point in time and we may not be successful in defending any such challenges made against our patents or patent applications. Any successful third-party challenge to our patents could result in the narrowing, unenforceability or invalidity of such patents and increased competition to our business. The outcome of patent litigation or other proceeding can be uncertain, and any attempt by us to enforce our patent rights against others or to challenge the patent rights of others may not be successful, or, regardless of success, may take substantial time and result in substantial cost, and may divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. Any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Further, while software and other of our proprietary works may be protected under copyright law, we have chosen not to register any copyrights in these works, and instead, we primarily rely on protecting our software as a trade secret. In order to bring a copyright infringement lawsuit in the United States, the copyright must be registered. Accordingly, the remedies and damages available to us for unauthorized use of our software may be limited. 
 The U.S. law relating to the patentability of certain inventions in the life sciences technology industry is uncertain and rapidly changing, which may adversely impact our existing patents or our ability to obtain patents in the future. 
 Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States or in other jurisdictions could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 issued patents. For instance, under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the America Invents Act, enacted in September 2011, the United States transitioned to a first inventor to file system in which, assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application is entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether a third party was the first to invent the claimed invention. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing or until issuance, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to either file any patent application related to our products and other proprietary technologies or invent any of the inventions claimed in our or our licensor s patents or patent applications. Even where we have a valid and enforceable patent, we may not be able to exclude others from practicing the claimed invention where the other party can show that they used the invention in commerce before our filing date or the other party benefits from a compulsory license. 
 In addition, the America Invents Act implemented changes that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted, redefine prior art and provide more efficient and cost-effective avenues for competitors or other third parties to challenge the validity of our patents. These changes include allowing third-party submission of prior art to the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to challenge the validity of a patent by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes review and derivation proceedings. Further, because of a lower evidentiary standard in these USPTO post-grant proceedings compared to the evidentiary standard in United States federal courts necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a USPTO proceeding sufficient for the USPTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the claim if first presented in a district court action. Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the USPTO procedures to invalidate our patent claims that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party as a defendant in a district court action. The America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Various courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court, have rendered decisions that impact the scope of patentability of certain inventions or discoveries relating to the life sciences technology. Specifically, these decisions stand for the proposition that patent claims that recite laws of nature are not themselves patentable unless those patent claims have sufficient additional features that provide practical assurance that the processes are genuine inventive applications of those laws rather than patent drafting efforts designed to monopolize the law of nature itself. What constitutes a sufficient additional feature is uncertain. Furthermore, in view of these decisions, since December 2014, the USPTO has published and continues to publish revised guidelines for patent examiners to apply when examining process claims for patent eligibility. 
 In addition, U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that may have a material adverse effect on our ability to obtain new patents and to defend and enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. 
 We cannot assure you that our patent portfolio will not be negatively impacted by the current uncertain state of the law, new court rulings or changes in guidance or procedures issued by the USPTO or other similar patent offices around the world. From time to time, the U.S. Supreme Court, other federal courts, the U.S. Congress or the USPTO may change the standards of patentability, scope and validity of patents within the life sciences technology and any such changes, or any similar adverse changes in the patent laws of other jurisdictions, could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on our products and technologies in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. 
 The laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and we and our licensors may encounter difficulties in protecting and defending such rights in foreign jurisdictions. Consequently, we and our licensors may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in some or all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our or our licensors inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors and other third parties may use our technologies 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and technologies and may also export infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products. Our and our licensors patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. In addition, certain countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to other parties. Furthermore, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against other parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of any patents. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of many other countries do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the misappropriation or other violations of our intellectual property rights including infringement of our patents in such countries. The legal systems in certain countries may also favor state-sponsored or companies headquartered in particular jurisdictions over our first-in-time patents and other intellectual property protection. The absence of harmonized intellectual property protection laws and effective enforcement makes it difficult to ensure consistent respect for patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property rights on a worldwide basis. As a result, it is possible that we will not be able to enforce our rights against third parties that misappropriate our proprietary technology in those countries. 
 Proceedings to enforce our or our licensors patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial cost and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our and our licensors patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our and our licensors patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We and our licensors may not prevail in any lawsuits that we or any of our licensors initiate, or that are initiated against us or any of our licensors, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. In addition, changes in the law and legal decisions by courts in the United States and foreign countries may affect our ability to obtain adequate protection for our products, services and other technologies and the enforcement of intellectual property. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. Any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Any of our issued patents covering our products could be narrowed or found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, including the USPTO. 
 Our owned and licensed patents and patent applications may be subject to validity, enforceability and priority disputes. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability. Some of our patents or patent applications (including licensed patents and patent applications) may be challenged at a future point in time in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant review or interference or other similar proceedings. Any successful third-party challenge to our or our licensors patents in this or any other proceeding could result in the unenforceability or invalidity of such patents, which may lead to increased competition to our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, if we or our licensors initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering our products, the defendant could counterclaim that such patent covering our products, as applicable, is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. There are numerous grounds upon which a third party can assert invalidity or unenforceability of a patent. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the relevant patent office, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. A litigant or the USPTO itself could challenge our patents on this basis even if we believe that we have conducted our patent prosecution in accordance with the duty of candor and in good faith. The outcome following such a challenge is unpredictable. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include ex parte re-examination, inter partes review, post-grant review and derivation proceedings in the U.S., and equivalent proceedings in non-U.S. jurisdictions, such as opposition proceedings. Such proceedings could result in revocation of or amendment to our or our licensors patents in such a way that they no longer cover and protect our products. With respect to the validity of our or our licensors patents, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art of which we, our licensors, our or their respective patent counsel and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability during patent litigation is unpredictable. If a defendant or other third party were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 certain aspects of our products and technologies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, regardless of the outcome, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license intellectual property, or develop or commercialize current or future products. 
 We may not be aware of all third-party intellectual property rights potentially relating to our products. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until approximately 18 months after filing or, in some cases, not until such patent applications issue as patents. We might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by each of our pending patent applications and we might not have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions. To determine the priority of these inventions, we may have to participate in interference proceedings, derivation proceedings or other post-grant proceedings declared by the USPTO, or other similar proceedings in non-U.S. jurisdictions, that could result in substantial cost to us and the loss of valuable patent protection. The outcome of such proceedings is uncertain. No assurance can be given that other patent applications will not have priority over our patent applications. In addition, changes to the patent laws of the United States allow for various post-grant opposition proceedings that have not been extensively tested, and their outcome is therefore uncertain. Furthermore, if third parties bring these proceedings against our patents, regardless of the merit of such proceedings and regardless of whether we are successful, we could experience significant costs and our management may be distracted. Any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, the value of our technology could be materially adversely affected and our business could be harmed. 
 We rely heavily on trade secrets and confidentiality agreements to protect our unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information and to maintain our competitive position. Certain elements of our products and technologies, including components of our software and processes for manufacturing, may involve proprietary know-how, information or technology that is not covered by patents. As such, we may consider trade secrets and know-how to be our primary intellectual property with respect to such aspects of our products and technologies. However, trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. In particular, we anticipate that with respect to our technologies, these trade secrets and know how will over time be disseminated within the industry through independent development, the publication of journal articles describing the methodology, and the movement of personnel from academic to industry scientific positions. 
 In addition to pursuing patents on our technology, we take steps to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology by entering into agreements, including confidentiality agreements, non-disclosure agreements and intellectual property assignment agreements, with our employees, consultants, academic institutions, corporate partners and, when needed, our advisers. However, we cannot be certain that such agreements have been entered into with all relevant parties that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes, and we cannot be certain that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed or that competitors or other third parties will not otherwise gain access (such as through cybersecurity breach) to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. For example, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Such agreements may not be enforceable or may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches of the agreements, and we may not be able to prevent such unauthorized disclosure, which could adversely impact our ability to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in the market. If we are required to assert our rights against such parties, it could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. Depending on the parties involved in such a breach, the available remedies may not provide adequate compensation for the value of the proprietary information disclosed to a third party. 
 Monitoring unauthorized disclosure is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to prevent such disclosure are, or will be, adequate. If we were to enforce a claim that a third party had wrongfully obtained and was using our trade secrets, it would be expensive and time-consuming, it could distract our personnel, and the outcome would be unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States may be less willing to protect trade secrets, if at all, and the damages and other remedies available for improper disclosure of proprietary information can differ substantially from those in the United States. We may need to share our proprietary information, including trade secrets, with future business partners, collaborators, contractors and other third parties located in countries with a heightened risk of theft of trade secrets, including through direct intrusion by private parties or foreign actors, and those affiliated with or controlled by state actors. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our confidential proprietary information by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems, but it is possible that these security measures could be breached and we may not have adequate remedies for such breach. If any of our confidential proprietary information were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, absent patent protection, we would have no right to prevent such competitor from using that technology or information to compete with us, which could harm our competitive position. Competitors or third parties could purchase our products and attempt to replicate some or all of the competitive advantages we derive from our development efforts, design around our protected technology, develop their own competitive technologies that fall outside the scope of our intellectual property rights or independently develop our technologies without reference to our trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently discovered by a competitor or other third party, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties or that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers or claims otherwise challenging the inventorship of our patents and other intellectual property. 
 We have employed and expect to employ individuals who were previously employed at universities or other companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants, advisors and independent contractors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that our employees, advisors, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers or other third parties, or to claims that we have improperly used or obtained such trade secrets. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel and face increased competition to our business. Any such litigation or the threat thereof may adversely affect our ability to hire employees or contract with advisors, contractors and consultants. A loss of key research personnel work product could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize potential products, which could harm our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. This type of litigation or proceeding could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce our resources available for development activities. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of this type of litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their substantially greater financial resources. 
 Furthermore, we or our licensors may in the future be subject to claims by former employees, consultants or other third parties asserting an ownership right in our owned or licensed patents or patent applications as an inventor or co-inventor. The failure to name the proper inventors on a patent application can result in the patents issuing thereon being unenforceable. Inventorship disputes may arise from conflicting views regarding the contributions of different individuals named as inventors, the effects of foreign laws where foreign nationals are involved in the development of the subject matter of the patent, conflicting obligations of third parties involved in developing our products or as a result of questions regarding co-ownership of potential joint inventions. Litigation may be necessary to resolve these and other claims challenging inventorship and/or ownership. An adverse determination in any such proceeding may result in loss of exclusivity or freedom to operate or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar technology, without payment to us, or could limit the duration of the patent protection covering our technology and products. Such challenges may also result in our inability to develop, manufacture or commercialize our products without infringing third-party patent rights. Also, our licensors may have relied on third-party consultants or collaborators or on funds from third parties, such as the U.S. government, such that our licensors may not be the sole and exclusive owners of the patents we in-license. If other third parties have ownership rights or other rights to our in-licensed patents, they may be able to license such patents to our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology. Any of the foregoing could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 In addition, while it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. Furthermore, individuals executing agreements with us may have pre-existing or competing obligations to a third party, such as an academic institution, and thus an agreement with us may be ineffective in perfecting ownership of inventions developed by that 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 individual, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 We may not be able to protect and enforce our trademarks and trade names or build name recognition in our markets of interest thereby harming our competitive position. 
 The registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names that we own may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared generic, lapsed or determined to be infringing on or dilutive of other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights in these trademarks and trade names, which we need in order to build name recognition. In addition, third parties have filed, and may in the future file, for registration of trademarks similar or identical to our trademarks, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. If they succeed in registering or developing common law rights in such trademark or any other trademarks that are similar or identical to our trademarks, and if we are not successful in challenging such rights and defending against challenges to our trademarks, we may not be able to use such trademarks to develop brand recognition of our technologies, products or services. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. Further, we may in the future enter into agreements with owners of such third party trade names or trademarks to avoid potential trademark litigation which may limit our ability to use our trade names or trademarks in certain fields of business. We may also license our trademarks and trade names to third parties, such as distributors. Though these license agreements may provide guidelines for how our trademarks and trade names may be used, a breach of these agreements or misuse of our trademarks and trade names by our licensees may jeopardize our rights in or diminish the goodwill associated with our trademarks and trade names. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, trade secrets, domain names, copyrights or other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. Any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our products for an adequate amount of time. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. While extensions may be available, the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. In the United States, a patent s term may, in certain cases, be lengthened by patent term adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the USPTO in examining and granting a patent, or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over a commonly owned patent or a patent naming a common inventor and having an earlier expiration date. Even if patents covering our products are obtained, once the patent life has expired, we may be open to competition from competitive products. If one of our products requires extended development, testing and/or regulatory review, patents protecting such products might expire before or shortly after such products are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to defend against third-party claims of infringement, misappropriation or other violations of intellectual property or to protect or enforce our intellectual property, any of which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful, and may prevent or delay our development and commercialization efforts. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability and the ability of future collaborators to develop, manufacture, market and sell our products and use our products and technologies without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the life sciences technology sector, as well as administrative proceedings for challenging patents, including interference, derivation, inter partes review, post grant review, and reexamination proceedings before the USPTO, or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. We may be exposed to, or threatened with, future litigation by third parties having patent or other intellectual property rights alleging that our products, manufacturing methods, software and/or technologies infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their intellectual property rights. 
 Numerous issued patents and pending patent applications that are owned by third parties exist in the fields in which we are developing our products and technologies. It is not always clear to industry participants, including us, the claim scope that may issue from pending patent applications owned by third parties or which patents cover various types of products, 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 technologies or their methods of use or manufacture. Thus, because of the large number of patents issued and patent applications filed in our fields, it is difficult to conclusively assess our freedom to operate without infringing on third party rights and there may be a risk that third parties, including our competitors, may allege they have patent rights encompassing our products, technologies or methods and that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. We cannot guarantee that any of our patent searches or analyses, including the identification of relevant patents, the scope of patent claims or the expiration of relevant patents, are complete or thorough, nor can we be certain that we have identified each and every third-party patent and pending application in the United States and abroad that is relevant to or necessary for the commercialization of our products in any jurisdiction. The scope of a patent claim is determined by an interpretation of the law, the written disclosure in a patent and the patent s prosecution history. Our interpretation of the relevance or the scope of a patent or a pending application may be incorrect. For example, we may incorrectly determine that our products are not covered by a third-party patent or may incorrectly predict whether a third-party s pending application will issue with claims of relevant scope. Our determination of the expiration date of any patent in the United States or abroad that we consider relevant may be incorrect. Our failure to identify and correctly interpret relevant patents may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our products. 
 If third parties, including our competitors, believe that our products or technologies infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their intellectual property, such third parties may seek to enforce their intellectual property, including patents, by filing an intellectual property-related lawsuit, including patent infringement lawsuit, against us. Even if we believe third-party intellectual property claims are without merit, there is no assurance that a court would find in our favor on questions of infringement, validity, enforceability, or priority. The patents and patent applications such third parties seek to enforce could be construed to cover our products and technologies. If any of these third parties were to assert these patents against us and we are unable to successfully defend against any such assertion, we may be required, including by court order, to cease the development and commercialization of the infringing products or technology and we may be required to redesign such products and technologies so they do not infringe such patents, which may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time. We could also be required to pay damages, which could be significant, including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to have willfully infringed such patents. We could also be required to obtain a license to such patents in order to continue the development and commercialization of the infringing product or technology. However, such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, including because certain of these patents are held by or may be licensed to our competitors. Even if such license were available, it may require substantial payments or cross-licenses under our intellectual property rights, and it may only be available on a non-exclusive basis, in which case third parties, including our competitors, could use the same licensed intellectual property to compete with us. Additionally, if our products are found to infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, these third parties may assert infringement claims against our licensees and other parties with whom we have business relationships, and we may be required to indemnify those parties for any damages they suffer as a result of these claims. The claims may require us to initiate or defend protracted and costly litigation on behalf of licensees and other parties regardless of the merits of these claims. If any of these claims succeed, we may be forced to pay damages on behalf of those parties or may be required to obtain licenses for the products they use. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation or prospects. 
 We may choose to challenge, including in connection with any allegation of patent infringement by a third party, the patentability, validity or enforceability of any third-party patent that we believe may have applicability in our field, and any other third-party patent that may be asserted against us. Such challenges may be brought either in court or by requesting that the USPTO, European Patent Office EPO ), or other foreign patent offices review the patent claims, such as in an ex-parte reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant review proceeding or opposition proceeding. However, there can be no assurance that any such challenge by us or any third party will be successful. Even if such proceedings are successful, these proceedings are expensive and may consume our time or other resources, distract our management and technical personnel. There can be no assurance that our defenses of non-infringement, invalidity or unenforceability will succeed. 
 Third parties, including our competitors, could be infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating our owned and in-licensed intellectual property rights. Monitoring unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult and costly. We may not be able to detect unauthorized use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights. From time to time, we seek to analyze our competitors products and services, and may in the future seek to enforce our rights against potential infringement, misappropriation or violation of our intellectual property. However, the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to enforce our rights as against such infringement, misappropriation or violation of our intellectual property. Any inability to meaningfully enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our ability to compete and reduce demand for our products and technologies. 
 Litigation proceedings may be necessary for us to enforce our patent and other intellectual property rights. In any such proceedings, a court may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our owned 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 and in-licensed patents do not cover the technology in question. Further, in such proceedings, the defendant could counterclaim that our intellectual property is invalid or unenforceable and the court may agree, in which case we could lose valuable intellectual property rights, which could allow third parties to commercialize technology or products similar to ours and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or could require us to obtain license rights from the prevailing party in order to be able to manufacture or commercialize our products without infringing such party s intellectual property rights, and if we are unable to obtain such a license, we may be required to cease commercialization of our products and technologies, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The outcome in any such proceedings are unpredictable. 
 Regardless of whether we are defending against or asserting any intellectual property-related proceeding, any such intellectual property-related proceeding that may be necessary in the future, regardless of outcome, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Some of our competitors and other third parties may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual property portfolios. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct these types of litigation or proceedings. Any of the foregoing, or any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations or could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various required procedures, document submissions, fee payments and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various governmental patent agencies outside of the United States at several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or applications. The USPTO and various non-U.S. governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. In certain circumstances, we rely on our licensors to pay these fees due to the U.S. and non-U.S. patent agencies and to take the necessary action to comply with these requirements with respect to our licensed intellectual property. In many cases, an inadvertent lapse, including due to the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on us, our licensors or our and our licensors patent maintenance vendors, can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. In such an event, our competitors and other third parties may be able to enter the market without infringing our patents, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We currently rely on licenses from third parties, and in the future may rely on additional licenses from other third parties, and if we lose any of these licenses, then we may be subjected to future litigation. 
 We are, and may in the future become, a party to license agreements that grant us rights to use certain intellectual property, including patents and patent applications, typically in certain specified fields of use. Currently, we rely on an in-license from certain third parties with respect to certain patent rights relating to multiplexed detection and high throughput single-cell polyomics, certain patent rights relating to methods and compositions for quantifying metabolites and certain patent rights relating to the detection of target molecules. We may in the future rely on licenses from other third parties with respect to our technology. Our rights to use licensed technology in our business are subject to the continuation of and compliance with the terms of these licenses and any licenses we may enter into in the future. Some of these licensed rights provide us with freedom to operate for aspects of our products and technologies. As a result, any termination of these licenses could result in the loss of significant rights and could harm our ability to develop, manufacture and commercialize our products. We may need to obtain additional licenses from others to advance our research, development and 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 commercialization activities. For instance, to the extent any additional intellectual property developed by our licensors is not included under our existing license agreements are necessary or useful for our products, we would need to negotiate for additional licenses to such additional intellectual property. Such licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or may be non-exclusive. 
 Our success may depend in part on the ability of our licensors and any future licensors to obtain, maintain and enforce patent protection for our licensed intellectual property. Under our current license agreements and under any licenses we may enter into in the future, we may not have the right to control the prosecution, maintenance or enforcement of patents and patent applications that are licensed to us. Our licensors or any future licensors may not successfully prosecute the patent applications we license or prosecute such patent applications in our best interest. Even if patents issue in respect of these patent applications, our licensors and any future licensors may fail to maintain these patents, may determine not to pursue litigation against other companies that are infringing these patents or may pursue such litigation less aggressively than we would. Without protection for the intellectual property we license, other companies might be able to offer substantially identical products and technologies for sale, which could materially adversely affect our competitive business position and harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Certain of our current license agreements impose, and future agreements may impose, various diligence, commercialization, milestone payment, royalty, insurance and other obligations on us and require us to meet development timelines, or to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize licensed products, in order to maintain the licenses. If we fail to comply with these obligations (including as a result of COVID-19 impacting our operations), we use the licensed intellectual property in an unauthorized manner or we are subject to bankruptcy-related proceedings, the terms of these license agreements may be materially modified, such as by rendering currently exclusive licenses non-exclusive, or by giving our licensors the right to terminate their respective agreement with us, in which event we would not be able to develop or market products or technology covered by the licensed intellectual property. With respect to any license agreement under which we are a sublicensee, if our current or future sublicensor fails to comply with its obligations under its upstream license agreement with its licensor, such licensor may have the right to terminate the upstream license, which may terminate our sublicense. If this were to occur, we would no longer have rights to the applicable intellectual property unless we are able to secure our own direct license with the owner of the relevant rights, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations and prospects. 
 Moreover, disputes may also arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreements and other interpretation-related issues; 
 our compliance with reporting, financial or other obligations under the license agreements; 
 whether, and the extent to which, our products, technology and processes infringe on, misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property of the licensors that is not subject to the licensing agreements; 
 our right to sublicense the applicable intellectual or proprietary rights to third parties; 
 our right to transfer or assign the license; 
 our diligence obligations under the license agreements and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 
 the inventorship and ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors; and 
 the priority of invention of patented technology. 
 If we do not prevail in such disputes, we may lose any or all of our rights under such license agreements, experience significant delays in the development and commercialization of our products and technologies, or incur liability for damages, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. In addition, we may seek to obtain additional licenses from our licensors, and, in connection with obtaining such licenses, we may agree to amend our existing licenses in a manner that may be more favorable to the applicable licensor, including by agreeing to terms that could enable third parties, including our competitors, to receive licenses to a portion of the intellectual property that is subject to our existing licenses and to compete with our products. 
 Further, certain of our future agreements with third parties may limit or delay our ability to consummate certain transactions, may impact the value of those transactions, or may limit our ability to pursue certain activities. For example, 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 we may in the future enter into license agreements that are not assignable or transferable, or that require the licensor s express consent in order for an assignment or transfer to take place. 
 In addition, the agreements under which we currently and in the future license intellectual property or technology from third parties are complex and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize any affected products or services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Absent the license agreements, we may infringe patents subject to those agreements, and if the license agreements are terminated, we may be subject to litigation by the licensor. Litigation could result in substantial costs to us and distract our management. If we do not prevail, we may be required to pay damages, including treble damages, attorneys fees, costs and expenses and royalties or be enjoined from selling our products, which could adversely affect our ability to offer products or services, our ability to continue operations and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we cannot license rights to use technologies on reasonable terms, we may not be able to commercialize new products in the future. 
 We may identify third-party technology that we may need to license or acquire in order to develop or commercialize our products or technologies. However, we may be unable to secure such licenses or acquisitions. The licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and several more established companies may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. 
 We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment or at all. In return for the use of a third party s technology, we may agree to pay the licensor royalties based on sales of our products or services. Royalties are a component of cost of products or technologies and affect the margins on our products. We may also need to negotiate licenses to patents or patent applications before or after introducing a commercial product. We may not be able to obtain necessary licenses to patents or patent applications, and our business may suffer if we are unable to enter into the necessary licenses on acceptable terms or at all, if any necessary licenses are subsequently terminated, if the licensor fails to abide by the terms of the license or fails to prevent infringement by third parties, or if the licensed intellectual property rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable. 
 Certain of our in-licensed patents are, and our future owned and in-licensed patents may be, subject to a reservation of rights by one or more third parties, including government march-in rights, that may limit our ability to exclude third parties from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 Our owned and in-licensed patents may be subject to a reservation of rights by one or more third parties. For example, the U.S. government may have certain rights, including march-in rights, to patent rights and technology funded by the U.S. government under the Patent and Trademark Law Amendments Act, or the Bayh-Dole Act Bayh-Dole Act ). The U.S. government may have these rights in certain technologies licensed to us from certain third parties, including, to the extent any invention included within the following licensed patents has been funded by the U.S. government, certain patent rights relating to multiplexed detection and high throughput single-cell polyomics, methods and compositions for quantifying metabolites and the detection of target molecules. We utilize these technologies in various products, including our IsoCode and CodePlex chips consumables. 
 Under the Bayh-Dole Act, when new technologies are developed with government funding, in order to secure ownership of such patent rights, the recipient of such funding is required to comply with certain government regulations, including timely disclosing the inventions claimed in such patent rights to the U.S. government and timely electing title to such inventions. Any failure to timely elect title to such inventions may permit the U.S. government to, at any time, take title to such inventions. Additionally, the U.S. government generally obtains certain rights in any resulting patents, including a non-exclusive license authorizing the government to use the invention or to have others use the invention on its behalf. If the government decides to exercise these rights, it is not required to engage us as its contractor in connection with 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 doing so. These rights may permit the U.S. government to disclose our confidential information to third parties and to exercise march-in rights to use or allow third parties to use our licensed technology. The U.S. government can exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we fail to achieve practical application of the government-funded technology, because action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations, or to give preference to U.S. industry. If the U.S. government exercises such march-in rights, we may receive compensation that is deemed reasonable by the U.S. government in its sole discretion, which may be less than what we might be able to obtain in the open market. In addition, our rights in such inventions may be subject to certain requirements to manufacture products embodying such inventions in the United States. While we currently believe such rights do not pose a material risk to our business, we cannot be sure that any licensed intellectual property will be free from governmental rights pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act. Any exercise by the government of any of the foregoing rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 In addition, our current and future licensors may retain certain rights under their agreements with us, including the right to use the underlying technology for non-commercial academic and research use, to publish general scientific findings from research related to the technology, and to make customary scientific and scholarly disclosures of information relating to the technology. It is difficult to monitor whether our licensors limit their use of the technology to these uses, and we could incur substantial expenses to enforce our rights to our licensed technology in the event of misuse, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our products contain third-party open source software components and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability to sell our products and provide third parties access to our proprietary software. 
 Our products contain software licensed by third parties under open source software licenses. Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source software licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. Some open source software licenses contain requirements that the licensee make its source code publicly available if the licensee creates modifications or derivative works using the open source software, depending on the type of open source software the licensee uses and how the licensee uses it. If we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source software licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public for free. This would allow our competitors and other third parties to create similar products with less development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of our product sales and revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Alternatively, to avoid the public release of the affected portions of our source code, we could be required to expend substantial time and resources to re-engineer some or all of our software. In addition, some companies that use third-party open source software have faced claims challenging their use of such open source software and their compliance with the terms of the applicable open source license. We may face claims from third parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software, or claiming non-compliance with the applicable open source licensing terms, including claims that demand release of source code for the open source software, derivative works or our proprietary source code that was developed using, or that is distributed with, such open source software. These claims could also result in litigation and could require us to make our proprietary software source code freely available, devote additional research and development resources to re-engineer our platform, seek costly licenses from third parties or otherwise incur additional costs and expenses, any of which could result in reputational harm and would have a negative effect on our business and operating results. Use of open source software may also present additional security risks because the public availability of such software may make it easier for hackers and other third parties to compromise or attempt to compromise our platform. 
 Although we review our use of open source software to avoid subjecting our proprietary software to conditions we do not intend, the terms of many open source software licenses have not been interpreted by United States courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products and proprietary software. Moreover, we cannot assure investors that our processes for monitoring and controlling our use of open source software in our products will be effective. If we are held to have breached the terms of an open source software license, we could be subject to damages, required to seek licenses from third parties to continue offering our products on terms that are not economically feasible, to re-engineer our products, to discontinue the sale of our products if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis, or to make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: 
 others may be able to make products that are similar to products and technologies we may develop or utilize similar technology that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or license now or in the future; 
 we, or our licensors, might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patent or pending patent application that we license or may own in the future; 
 we, or our licensors, might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our or their inventions; 
 others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating our owned or licensed intellectual property rights; 
 it is possible that our pending owned or licensed patent applications or those that we may own in the future will not lead to issued patents; 
 issued patents that we hold rights to may be held invalid or unenforceable, including as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 
 our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 
 we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 
 the patents of others may harm our business; 
 we may choose not to file a patent for certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent covering such intellectual property; and 
 our trade secrets or proprietary know-how may be unlawfully disclosed, thereby losing their trade secret or proprietary status. 
 Should any of these events occur, they could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, and also provides that the federal district courts will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, each of which could limit our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, stockholders, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, subject to limited exceptions, the Court of Chancery for the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 
 any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or stockholders to us or our stockholders; 
 any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws or the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or as to which the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and 
 any other action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 As described below, this provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Exchange Act ), or rules and regulations thereunder, or any other claim for which there is exclusive federal or concurrent federal and state jurisdiction. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America are the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action against us or any of our directors, officers, employees or agents and arising under the Securities Act. However, Section 22 of the Securities Act provides that federal and state courts have concurrent jurisdiction over lawsuits brought pursuant to the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. To the extent the exclusive forum provision restricts the courts in which claims arising under the Securities Act may be brought, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a provision. We note that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. This provision does not apply to claims brought under the Exchange Act. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to these provisions. These provisions may impose additional litigation costs on stockholders in pursuing any such claims, particularly if the stockholders do not reside in or near the State of Delaware, or limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business or financial condition. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our common stock. 
 Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and of state law may have anti-takeover effects and may delay, deter or prevent a takeover attempt that our stockholders might consider in their best interests. For example, such provisions or laws may prevent our stockholders from receiving the benefit from any premium to the market price of our common stock offered by a bidder in a takeover context. These anti-takeover provisions and laws may also make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their choosing. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these anti-takeover provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock if they are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. 
 Our ability to use net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss carryforward NOLs for federal purposes of approximately 12.7 million, which expire at various dates through 2033 and approximately 184.0 million which have no expiration. As of December 31, 2022, we also had state NOLs of approximately 124.4 million, which expire at various dates through 2043. We may use these NOLs to offset against taxable income for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes. However, Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, may limit the NOLs we may use in any year for U.S. federal income tax purposes in the event of certain changes in ownership of our company. A Section 382 ownership change generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5 of a company s stock increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. We have not conducted a 382 study to determine whether the use of our NOLs is impaired. We may have previously undergone multiple ownership changes. In addition, future issuances or sales of our stock, including certain transactions involving our stock that are outside of our control, could result in future ownership changes. Ownership changes that have occurred in the past or that may occur in the future could result in the imposition of an annual limit on the amount of pre-ownership change NOLs and other tax attributes we can use to reduce our taxable income, potentially increasing and accelerating our liability for income taxes, and also potentially causing those tax attributes to expire unused. States may impose other limitations on the use of our NOLs. Any limitation on using NOLs could, depending on the extent of such limitation and the NOLs previously used, result in our retaining less cash after payment of U.S. federal and state income taxes during any year in which we have taxable income, rather than losses, than we would be entitled to retain if such NOLs were available as an offset against such income for U.S. federal and state income tax reporting purposes, which could adversely impact our operating results. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we are permitted by SEC rules and plan to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other SEC registered public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 
 These exemptions include not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the consolidated financial statements, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We elected to take advantage of certain of the reduced disclosure obligations available to emerging growth companies in this Form 10-K and expect to take advantage of other reduced reporting requirements in our future filings. As a result, the information we provide stockholders may be different than the information that is available with respect to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. To the extent that we continue to qualify as a smaller reporting company, as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, after we cease to qualify as an emerging growth company, we will continue to be permitted to make certain reduced disclosures in our periodic reports and other documents that we file with the SEC. We cannot predict whether investors will find our common stock less attractive if we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 
 Your percentage ownership in us may be diluted by future issuances of capital stock, which could reduce your influence over matters on which stockholders vote. 
 Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, our board of directors has the authority, without action or vote of our stockholders, to issue all or any part of our authorized but unissued shares of common stock, including shares issuable upon the exercise of options, or shares of our authorized but unissued preferred stock. Issuances of shares of common stock or shares of voting preferred stock would reduce your influence over matters on which our stockholders vote and, in the case of issuances of shares of preferred stock, would likely result in your interest in us being subject to the prior rights of holders of that preferred stock. 
 Our directors, officers and principal stockholders have significant voting power and may take actions that may not be in the best interests of our other stockholders. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our officers, directors and principal stockholders each holding more than 5 of our common stock collectively owned approximately 70 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, if they act together, may be able to exert significant influence over the management and affairs of our company and most matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control and might adversely affect the market price of our common stock. This concentration of ownership may not be in the best interests of our other stockholders. 
 We do not expect to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future and our indebtedness could limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our equity securities. We do not currently anticipate declaring or paying regular cash dividends on our common stock in the near term and you should not rely on an investment in our common stock to provide dividend income. We currently intend to use our future earnings, if any, to pay debt obligations, 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 to fund our growth and develop our business and for general corporate purposes. Therefore, you are not likely to receive any cash dividends on your common stock in the near term, and the success of an investment in shares of our common stock will depend upon any future appreciation in their value. There is no guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which they are initially offered. Any future declaration and payment of cash dividends or other distributions of capital will be at the discretion of our board of directors and the payment of any future cash dividends or other distributions of capital will depend on many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, cash needs, regulatory constraints, capital requirements (including requirements of our subsidiaries) and any other factors that our board of directors deems relevant in making such a determination. The Credit Agreement contains, and any future credit facility that we enter into may contain, terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our common stock. We cannot assure you that we will establish a dividend policy or pay cash dividends in the future or continue to pay any cash dividend if we do commence paying cash dividends pursuant to a dividend policy or otherwise. 
 
 General Risks 
 We may acquire businesses or form joint ventures or make investments in other companies or technologies that could negatively affect our operating results, could divert our management s attention, dilute our stockholders ownership, increase our debt or cause us to incur significant expense. 
 We may pursue acquisitions of businesses and assets. We also may pursue strategic alliances and joint ventures that leverage our technologies and industry experience to expand our offerings or distribution. We have no experience with acquiring other companies and limited experience with forming strategic partnerships. We may not be able to find suitable partners or acquisition candidates, and we may not be able to complete such transactions on favorable terms, if at all. The competition for partners or acquisition candidates may be intense, and the negotiation process will be time-consuming and complex. If we make any acquisitions, we may not be able to integrate these acquisitions successfully into our existing business, these acquisitions may not strengthen our competitive position, the transactions may be viewed negatively by customers or investors, we may be unable to retain key employees of any acquired business, relationships with key suppliers, manufacturers or customers of any acquired business may be impaired due to changes in management and ownership, and we could assume unknown or contingent liabilities. Any future acquisitions also could result in the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or future write-offs of intangible assets or goodwill, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If we were to issue additional equity in connection with such acquisitions, this may dilute our stockholders. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to fully recover the costs of any acquisition. Integration of an acquired company also may disrupt ongoing operations and require management resources that we would otherwise focus on developing our existing business. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, technology license, strategic alliance or joint venture. We also may experience losses related to investments in other companies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 To finance any acquisitions or joint ventures, we may choose to issue shares of our common stock as consideration, which would dilute the ownership of our stockholders. Additional funds may not be available on terms that are favorable to us, or at all. If the price of our common stock is low or volatile, we may not be able to acquire companies or fund a joint venture project using our stock as consideration. 
 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock. 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and estimates and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, equity, revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. For example, in connection with the implementation of the new revenue accounting standard, management makes judgments and assumptions based on our interpretation of the new standard. The new revenue standard is principle-based and interpretation of those principles may vary from company to company based on their unique circumstances. It is possible that interpretation, industry practice and guidance may evolve as we apply the new standard. If our assumptions underlying our estimates and judgements relating to our critical accounting policies change or if actual circumstances differ from our assumptions, 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 estimates or judgements, our operating results may be adversely affected and could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock. 
 We have incurred and will continue to incur significant additional costs as a result of being a public company, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 As a public company, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting, compliance and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company and these expenses may increase even more after we are no longer an emerging growth company. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time and incur significant expense in connection with compliance initiatives. For example, as a public company, we have adopted additional internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures, retained a transfer agent and adopted an insider trading policy. As a public company, we will bear all of the internal and external costs of preparing and distributing periodic public reports in compliance with our obligations under the securities laws. 
 In addition, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the related rules and regulations implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq, have increased legal and financial compliance costs and will make some compliance activities more time-consuming. We intend to continue to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment will result in increased general and administrative expenses and may divert management s time and attention from our other business activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may be harmed. We also expect the laws, rules and regulations we are subject to as a public company to make it more expensive for us to maintain directors and officers liability insurance, and we may be required in the future to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to maintain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee and compensation committee, and qualified executive officers. 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors who have purchased shares of our common stock. 
 Our quarterly results of operations are likely to fluctuate in the future as a publicly traded company. In addition, securities markets worldwide have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, significant price and volume fluctuations. This market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, could subject the market price of our shares of common stock to wide price fluctuations regardless of our operating performance, which could cause a decline in the value of your investment. You should also be aware that price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of shares of our common stock is low. Some factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate, in addition to the other risks discussed in this Item 1A. of this Form 10-K, include: 
 our pending merger with Berkeley Lights; 
 our operating and financial performance and prospects; 
 our announcements or our competitors announcements regarding new products or services, enhancements, significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic investments; 
 changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts who cover our common stock; 
 fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or, in the event we provide it from time to time, earnings guidance, or the quarterly financial results or earnings guidance of companies perceived by investors to be similar to us; 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities, sales of large blocks of common stock by our stockholders or the incurrence of additional debt; 
 departure of key personnel; 
 reputational issues; 
 changes in general economic and market conditions, including related to the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 changes in industry conditions or perceptions or changes in the market outlook for the life sciences technology industry; and 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 changes in applicable laws, rules or regulations or regulatory actions affecting us or our clients and other dynamics. 
 These and other factors may cause the market price for shares of our common stock to fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of our common stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. In addition, in the past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock sometimes have instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. Securities litigation against us, regardless of the merits or outcome, could result in substantial costs and divert the time and attention of our management from the business, which could significantly harm our business, results of operation, financial condition or reputation. 
 Securities analysts may not publish favorable research or reports about our business or may publish no information at all, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts covering our business downgrade their evaluations of our common stock, the price of our common stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover our common stock, we could lose visibility in the market for our common stock, which in turn could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 Security breaches, loss of data and other disruptions could compromise sensitive information related to our business or prevent us from accessing critical information and expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our business and our reputation. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including personally identifiable information, intellectual property and proprietary business information owned or controlled by ourselves or our employees, customers and other parties. We manage and maintain our applications and data utilizing a combination of on-site systems and cloud-based data centers. We utilize external security and infrastructure vendors to manage parts of our data centers. These applications and data encompass a wide variety of business-critical information, including research and development information, commercial information and business and financial information. We face a number of risks relative to protecting this critical information, including loss of access risk, inappropriate use or disclosure, unauthorized access, inappropriate modification and the risk of our being unable to adequately monitor and audit and modify our controls over our critical information. This risk extends to the third party vendors and subcontractors we use to manage this sensitive data or otherwise process it on our behalf. The secure processing, storage, maintenance and transmission of this critical information are vital to our operations and business strategy, and we devote significant resources to protecting such information. Although we take reasonable measures to protect sensitive data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, no security measures can be perfect and our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or viruses or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other malicious or inadvertent disruptions. Any such breach or interruption could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed by unauthorized parties, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, breach, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, and liability under federal or state laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties. Notice of breaches may be required to affected individuals or state, federal or foreign regulators, and for extensive breaches, notice may need to be made to the media or State Attorneys General. Such a notice could harm our reputation and our ability to compete. 
 We are currently subject to, and may in the future become subject to additional, U.S. federal and state laws and regulations imposing obligations on how we collect, store and process personal information. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. Ensuring compliance with such laws could also impair our efforts to maintain and expand our future customer base, and thereby decrease our revenue. 
 We are, and may increasingly become, subject to various laws and regulations, as well as contractual obligations, relating to data privacy and security in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The regulatory environment related to data privacy and security is increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. These laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied differently over time and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and it is possible that they will be interpreted and applied in ways that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 In the United States, various federal and state regulators, including governmental agencies like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Federal Trade Commission, have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws and regulations 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 concerning personal information and data security. Certain state laws may be more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to personal information than federal, international or other state laws, and such laws may differ from each other, all of which may complicate compliance efforts. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which increases privacy rights for California residents and imposes obligations on companies that process their personal information, came into effect on January 1, 2020. Among other things, the CCPA requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers and provide such consumers new data protection and privacy rights, including the ability to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches that result in the loss of personal information. This private right of action may increase the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data breach litigation. In November 2020, California voters passed the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which became effective in most material respects beginning on January 1, 2023. The CPRA further expands the CCPA with additional data privacy compliance requirements and obligations and establishes a regulatory agency dedicated to enforcing the CCPA and CPRA. In addition, laws in all 50 U.S. states require businesses to provide notice to consumers whose personal information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. State laws are changing rapidly and there is discussion in the U.S. Congress of a new comprehensive federal data privacy law to which we would become subject if it is enacted. 
 Internationally, laws, regulations and standards in many jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, retention, security, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal information. For example, the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which became effective in May 2018, greatly increased the European Commission s jurisdictional reach of its data privacy and security laws and added a broad array of requirements for handling personal data. EU member states are tasked under the GDPR to enact, and have enacted, certain implementing legislation that adds to and/or further interprets the GDPR requirements and potentially extends our obligations and potential liability for failing to meet such obligations. The GDPR, together with national legislation, regulations and guidelines of the EU member states governing the processing of personal data, impose strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, use, retain, protect, disclose, transfer and otherwise process personal data. In particular, the GDPR includes requirements to establish a legal basis for processing, higher standards for obtaining consent from individuals to process their personal data, more robust disclosures to individuals, a strengthened individual data rights regime, requirements to implement safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of personal data, data breach notification obligations to appropriate data protection authorities or individuals, limitations on retention and secondary use of information and additional obligations when entities contract with third-party processors to process personal data. The GDPR authorizes fines for certain violations of up to 4 of global annual revenue or 20 million, whichever is greater. Following the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union, data privacy and security laws that are substantially similar to the GDPR are in effect in the United Kingdom, which carry similar risks and authorize similar fines for certain violations. 
 All of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs, such as costs related to organizational changes, implementing additional protection technologies, training employees and engaging consultants, which are likely to increase over time. In addition, such requirements may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies, distract management or divert resources from other initiatives and projects, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with any applicable federal, state or similar foreign laws and regulations relating to data privacy and security could result in damage to our reputation, as well as proceedings or litigation by governmental agencies or other third parties, including class action privacy litigation in certain jurisdictions, which would subject us to significant fines, sanctions, awards, penalties or judgments, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 Our global headquarters is located in Branford, Connecticut. We utilize the following facilities: 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Location Purpose or Use Square Feet Status Branford, Connecticut Corporate headquarters, engineering, research and development 24,932 Leased, expires December 31, 2026 Branford, Connecticut Manufacturing 32,973 Leased, expires June 30, 2026 Branford, Connecticut Manufacturing, research and development 20,118 Leased, expires June 30, 2026 Branford, Connecticut Research and development 14,674 Leased, expires July 31, 2025 Branford, Connecticut Engineering, research and development 9,600 Leased, expires December 31, 2026 
 
 In addition to the facilities listed above, we lease space in various international locations, primarily for use as sales offices. 
 
 Upon expiration of our facilities leases, we believe we will obtain lease agreements under similar terms; however, there can be no assurance that we will receive similar terms or that any offer to renew will be accepted. 
 
 We believe that our current facilities are sufficient to meet our ongoing needs and that, if we require additional space, we will be able to obtain additional facilities on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time we are a party to various litigation matters incidental to the conduct of our business. Other than as disclosed below, we are not presently party to any legal proceedings the resolution of which we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operation, cash flows or capital levels. 
 
 In connection with our pending merger with Berkeley Lights, five individual complaints have been filed by purported stockholders of the Company in federal courts, alleging that the proxy statement disseminated in connection with the proposed Merger contains material misrepresentations or omissions in violation of the federal securities laws. Certain demand letters have also been sent to the Company by purported stockholders making similar allegations. 
 
 On February 2, 2023, a purported IsoPlexis stockholder filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, captioned Dunbar v. IsoPlexis Corporation, et al. , No. 1:23-cv-00899, naming IsoPlexis and the members of the IsoPlexis board of directors as defendants and alleging, among other things, that the registration statement on Form S-4 filed by Berkeley Lights relating to the Merger omits material information concerning the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement in violation of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14a-9 promulgated thereunder. Three other substantially similar purported stockholder complaints have subsequently been filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and another substantially similar complaint has been filed in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. Each of the five stockholder complaints seeks, among other things, to enjoin the Merger or, in the alternative, rescission of the Merger or rescissory damages, and an award of attorneys fees and expenses. 
 
 It is possible that additional lawsuits asserting similar claims could be filed. We believe the allegations in the stockholder complaints are without merit, and are vigorously defending against them. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information and Holders 
 Our common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ISO since October 8, 2021. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our common stock. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 As of February 27, 2023, there were 64 stockholders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock, nor do we currently intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain our earnings, if any, for the future operation and expansion of our business. 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 See Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters for a table displaying Equity Compensation Plan Information. 
 
 Item 6. [Removed and Reserved] 
 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto that appear elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the sections titled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors included in this Form 10-K, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 
 
 Overview 
 IsoPlexis Corporation is a company empowering labs to leverage the cells and proteome changing the course of human health. Our systems identify a comprehensive range of multifunctional single cells, i.e. the superhero cells in the human body. These cells enable researchers to understand and predict disease progression, treatment resistance and therapeutic efficacy to advance all of human health. We are a life sciences company building solutions to accelerate the development of curative medicines and personalized therapeutics. Our award-winning single-cell proteomics systems reveal unique biological activity in small subsets of cells, allowing researchers to connect more directly to in vivo biology and develop more precise and personalized therapies. 
 We are enabling deeper access to in vivo biology and driving durable and potentially transformational research on disease in a new era of advanced medicine. We believe our platform is the first to employ both proteomics and single-cell biology in an effort to fully characterize and link cellular function to patient outcomes by revealing treatment response and disease progression. Our single-cell proteomics platform, which includes instruments, chip consumables and software, provides an end-to-end solution to reveal a more complete view of protein function at an individual cellular level. Since our commercial launch in June 2018, our platform has been adopted by the top 15 global biopharmaceutical companies by revenue and approximately three-fourths of the comprehensive cancer centers in the United States to help develop more durable therapeutics, overcome therapeutic resistance, and predict patient responses for advanced immunotherapies, cell therapies, gene therapies, vaccines, and regenerative medicines. Our initial focus has been on developing applications of our platform for cancer immunology and cell and gene therapy. We are now expanding our capabilities to include applications for infectious diseases, inflammatory conditions, and neurological diseases. 
 We currently market and sell our technology with an in-house commercial team in the United States, China and Europe. We are also utilizing our distribution network to market and sell across multiple countries, including Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Israel, Japan, Portugal, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. We intend to further expand our international presence by growing our distribution networks in Brazil, India, Mexico and beyond. 
 We manufacture our instruments and chip consumables in our manufacturing facilities in Branford, Connecticut and do not outsource any of our production manufacturing to third party contract manufacturers. Certain of our suppliers of 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 components and materials are single source suppliers and we do not have supply agreements with certain suppliers of these components and materials beyond purchase orders. As part of our overall risk management strategy, we continue to evaluate and identify alternative suppliers for each of our components and materials. 
 Since our inception in March 2013, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, conducting research and development activities, and filing patent applications. Prior to the completion of our IPO, we financed our operations primarily through the private placement of our securities, the incurrence of indebtedness and, to a lesser extent, grant income and revenue derived from sales of our instruments and chip consumables. As of December 31, 2022, our principal source of liquidity was cash, which totaled 37.5 million. 
 We completed our first sale of our systems in June 2018. Revenue decreased to 16.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 17.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. We have incurred recurring losses since inception. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net losses were 106.0 million as compared to 81.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 240.0 million. 
 
 On December 21, 2022, IsoPlexis entered into the Merger Agreement with Berkeley Lights and Merger Sub. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth therein, Merger Sub will be merged with and into IsoPlexis, with IsoPlexis continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Berkeley Lights. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ), each share of common stock, par value 0.001, of IsoPlexis IsoPlexis Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares of IsoPlexis Common Stock owned (i) by IsoPlexis as treasury stock, (ii) by Berkeley Lights or Merger Sub (unless owned by Berkeley Lights or Merger Sub in a fiduciary, representative or other capacity on behalf of other persons) or (iii) by any wholly owned subsidiary of IsoPlexis or Berkeley Lights (other than Merger Sub and unless held in a fiduciary, representative or other capacity on behalf of other persons)) will be converted into the right to receive 0.6120 fully paid and nonassessable shares (the Exchange Ratio of common stock, par value 0.00005, of Berkeley Lights Berkeley Lights Common Stock (the Merger Consideration ), together with cash in lieu of fractional shares of Berkeley Lights Common Stock, if any, and any unpaid dividends or other distributions. The consummation of the Merger is subject to customary closing conditions, including, among others, (i) the adoption of the Merger Agreement by IsoPlexis stockholders and the approval by Berkeley Lights stockholders of the issuance of Berkeley Lights Common Stock to IsoPlexis stockholders in connection with the Merger (the Share Issuance ), (ii) termination or expiration of any waiting period applicable to the Merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, (iii) effectiveness of Berkeley Lights registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC pursuant to the Merger Agreement, (iv) approval of the listing on Nasdaq of the shares of Berkeley Lights Common Stock issuable as Merger Consideration, subject to official notice of issuance and (v) the absence of a judgment or law that prevents, makes illegal, enjoins or prohibits the consummation of the Merger. The Merger Agreement generally requires IsoPlexis to operate its business in the ordinary course pending consummation of the proposed Merger and restricts IsoPlexis, without Berkeley Lights consent from taking certain specified actions until the Merger is completed. 
 
 We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future in connection with ongoing development and business expansion activities, particularly as we continue to: 
 expand our research and development activities; 
 obtain, maintain and expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 
 market and sell new and existing products and services; and 
 attract, hire and maintain qualified personnel to support our expanding business efforts. 
 Furthermore, we will incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company, including significant legal, accounting, compliance, investor relations and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. 
 As a result of these anticipated expenditures, we will need substantial additional financing to support our continuing operations and pursue our growth strategy. Until such time as we can generate positive cash flows from operations, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, and sales of products and services to our customers. We may be unable to raise additional funds when needed on favorable terms or at all. Our inability to raise capital as and when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. We will need to generate significant revenue to achieve profitability, and we may never do so. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 We believe that our financial performance has been, and in the foreseeable future will continue to be, primarily driven by the following factors. While each of these factors presents significant opportunities for our business, they also pose important challenges that we must successfully address in order to pursue our growth strategy and improve our results of operations. Our ability to successfully address the factors below is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those factors set forth in the section titled Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 New Customer Adoption of Our Platform 
 Our financial performance has been, and in the foreseeable future will continue to be, driven by our ability to increase the adoption of our platform and the installed base of our instruments. We plan to drive new customer adoption through a direct sales and marketing organization in the United States, China and parts of Europe and third party distributors in Europe, North America, the Middle East and Asia-Pacific. 
 Recurring Revenues from Sales of our Chip Consumables 
 Our IsoCode chip consumables represent a source of recurring revenue from customers using our platform across a wide range of applications. Our instruments and consumables are designed to work together exclusively. As we expand our installed base of instruments, we expect consumable revenues to increase on an absolute basis and become an increasingly important contributor to our overall revenues. 
 Adoption of Our Platform Across Existing Customers Organizations 
 There is an opportunity to grow our installed base and expand the number of instruments within organizations that are already utilizing our platform to advance their research and therapeutic development by their purchasing of additional instruments to support multiple locations or to increase capacity. 
 Adoption of Our Platform for New Applications 
 We founded our company to help solve critical challenges to accelerating advanced medicines and since our inception, we have developed multiple applications spanning cancer immunology, cell and gene therapy, infectious diseases, inflammatory conditions, and neurological diseases. As we continue to deploy our platform, we intend to concurrently expand the breadth of applications for our technologies to encourage increased use of our platform across our addressable markets. We expect our investments in these efforts to increase as we develop and market new applications, including a diagnostic application. 
 
 Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Revenue consists of sales of instruments and consumables in addition to service revenue. Our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 16.8 million compared to 17.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. We expect that our revenue will be less than our expenses for the foreseeable future and that we will experience losses as we continue to expand our business. 
 Cost of Product and Service Revenue 
 The Company s cost of product revenue primarily consists of manufacturing related costs incurred in the production process, including personnel and related costs, costs of components and materials, labor and overhead, packaging and delivery costs and allocated costs for facilities and information technology. Cost of service revenue consists primarily of personnel and related costs of service and warranty costs to support our customers. 
 Company re-organization and reduction in force 
 On April 11, 2022, the Company completed a re-organization of the commercial team and company-wide reduction in force RIF which reduced total head count company-wide from approximately 500 as of March 31, 2022 to approximately 380 as of June 30, 2022. This action resulted in one-time non-recurring restructuring expenses of 4.3 million which were primarily associated with severance, benefits, and outplacement services during the second and third quarters of 2022. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 While the RIF was executed on April 11, 2022, we have continued to pursue further efficiencies and expect to achieve even lower operating expenses across multiple areas of our business, including but not limited to further savings in salaries and salary-related expenses, consultants and other professional services, internal material usage and licenses fees, in the fourth quarter of 2022 as seek to implement an accelerated path towards profitability. While we expect operating expenses to be lower in the short-term, over the longer-term operating expenses will go up as revenue increases, to support a larger installed instrument base and higher consumables sales. 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses include: 
 costs to obtain licenses to intellectual property and related future payments should certain success, development and regulatory milestones be achieved; 
 employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense; 
 costs of purchasing lab supplies and non-capital equipment used in our research and development activities; 
 consulting and professional fees related to research and development activities; and 
 facility costs, depreciation, and other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, insurance, and other supplies. 
 We expense research and development costs as incurred. Research and development activities are central to our business model. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development, we cannot determine with certainty the duration and completion costs of our current or future research and development efforts. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation, for personnel in executive, finance, business development, facility and administrative functions. Other significant costs include facility costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses, legal fees relating to patent and corporate matters and fees for accounting, tax and consulting services. 
 We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase in the long term to support continued expansion of our commercial, development and operating activities. These increases will likely include increased costs related to the hiring of additional personnel and fees to outside consultants, lawyers and accountants, among other expenses. 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of compensation related expenses, including salaries, bonuses, benefits, non-cash stock-based compensation for sales and marketing personnel, advertising and promotion expenses, consulting and subcontractor fees, sales commissions, recruiting fees, and various other selling expenses. We anticipate that our sales and marketing expenses will increase in the long term as we pursue growth and as we identify and expand into new markets, increase our product offerings, and expand our installed instrument base. 
 Grant Income 
 We are engaged in various Small Business Innovation Research SBIR grants with the federal government to help fund the costs of certain research and development activities. We believe that we have complied with all contractual requirements of the SBIR grants through the date of the financial statements. We do not currently expect future grant income to be a material source of funding for the Company. 
 Research and Development State Tax Credits 
 Research and development R D tax credits exchanged for cash pursuant to the Connecticut R D Tax Credit Exchange Program, which permits qualified small businesses engaged in R D activities within Connecticut to exchange their unused R D tax credits for a cash amount equal to 65 of the value of exchanged credits, are recorded as a receivable and other income in the year the R D tax credits relate to, as it is reasonably assured that the R D tax credits 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 will be received, based upon our history of filing for and receiving the tax credits. R D tax credits receivable where cash is expected to be received by us more than one year after the balance sheet date are classified as noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Fair Value Adjustment for Warrants and Loan Commitments 
 Warrants and loan commitments are freestanding financial instruments that qualify as liabilities or equity and assets, respectively, required to be recorded at their estimated fair value at the inception date and remeasured at each reported balance sheet date thereafter until settlement, with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognized in the statement of operations during each period. Our outstanding preferred share warrants were converted to common share warrants upon our IPO and were reclassified from liabilities to equity for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparisons of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, together with the dollar change in those items: 
 Year Ended December 31, Period to period change (in thousands) 2022 2021 Revenue: Product revenue 13,852 16,201 (2,349) Service revenue 2,909 1,057 1,852 Total revenue 16,761 17,258 (497) Cost of product revenue 17,453 8,445 9,008 Cost of service revenue 233 47 186 Gross profit (loss) (925) 8,766 (9,691) Operating expenses: Research and development expenses 23,504 20,966 2,538 General and administrative expenses 42,680 26,349 16,331 Sales and marketing expenses 29,876 37,774 (7,898) Restructuring expenses 4,245 4,245 Total operating expenses 100,305 85,089 15,216 Loss from operations (101,230) (76,323) (24,907) Other income (expense): Interest (expense), net (5,342) (3,618) (1,724) Other (expense) income, net 575 (1,628) 2,203 Net loss (105,997) (81,569) (24,428) 
 Revenue 
 Total revenue decreased 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. This consisted of a decrease of 3.2 million for instruments and an increase of 1.3 million in collaboration, 0.8 million for consumables, and 0.6 million for other revenue. 
 The decrease in instruments revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due primarily to macro-economic factors affecting sales in EMEA and APAC and slowing the pace of instrument sales in North America. The increase in consumable revenue in 2022 was driven by an increase in the number of units at customer locations. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit as a percentage of total revenues was (5.5) for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 50.8 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The gross profit percentage decrease was due to an increase in inventory reserve of 9.1 million attributable to excess inventory at the end of 2022. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses increased by 15.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. This included 6.5 million in deal-related expenses associated with the agreement of Berkeley Lights to acquire IsoPlexis, signed on December 21, 2022 and 4.2 million of one-time restructuring charges associated with the re-organization of the sales and marketing teams, manufacturing operations and research and development. These costs consisted of severance, benefits, and outplacement services provided as part of the Company s reduction in force. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, Period to period change (in thousands) 2022 2021 Compensation related expenses 13,159 9,863 3,296 Professional fees and sub-contractor 381 1,647 (1,266) Prototyping 2,478 2,538 (60) Recruiting 115 676 (561) Lab materials 1,184 1,794 (610) Supplies expense 1,907 3,113 (1,206) Depreciation and amortization 2,308 291 2,017 Other 1,972 1,044 928 Total 23,504 20,966 2,538 
 
 Research and development expenses increased by 2.5 million, or 12.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in compensation related expenses of 3.3 million which represents the carryover of new hires at the end of 2021, a 2.0 million increase in depreciation and amortization related to Qiagen patent expenses related to the purchase of patents from QIAGEN Sciences, LLC and QIAGEN GmbH, a 1.3 million decrease in professional fees, a 1.2 million decrease in supplies expense, and a 0.3 million decrease in all other expenses, including recruiting, prototyping and lab materials. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 16.3 million, or 62.0 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to increases in compensation related expenses of 6.4 million, including increased salary, bonus, benefits, and non-cash stock-based compensation, for additional personnel, including several executives, to support increased activities, 6.5 million in deal related costs for the pending Berkeley Lights acquisition of IsoPlexis, an increase of 1.4 million in computer expense, an increase of 1.3 million in depreciation and amortization, a decrease of 0.8 million in recruiting expenses, an increase of 0.5 million in lab materials and an increase of 1.0 million in various other expenses. 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 Sales and marketing expenses decreased by 7.9 million, or 20.9 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to decreases in compensation related expenses of 3.7 million, including salary, bonus, benefits and non-cash stock-based compensation, a decrease of 1.9 million in consulting and professional fees, and a decrease of 2.3 million in recruiting expenses. Overall, the decrease was driven by streamlining sales support functions and less reliance on consultants and outside services. 
 Interest expense 
 As a result of the Credit Agreement we entered into on December 30, 2020, we had 50.0 million of borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and we recognized 5.3 million in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 37.5 million in cash. Cash as of December 31, 2022 decreased by 89.1 million compared to December 31, 2021, primarily due to the factors described under the heading Cash Flows below. Our 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 primary source of liquidity, other than cash on hand, has been cash flows from issuances of common stock in our IPO, issuances of preferred stock, debt financings and the sale of products and services to our customers. 
 Cash Flows 
 Comparisons of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table provides information regarding our cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities (96,642) (86,507) Investing activities (7,815) (24,223) Financing activities 15,330 130,655 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 26 Net (decrease) increase in cash (89,101) 19,925 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily consisted of net loss of 106.0 million, plus net changes in operating assets and liabilities of 11.1 million, but offset by net non-cash adjustments of 20.5 million. The primary non-cash adjustments to net income were: the change in the provision for excess and obsolete inventory of 9.1 million, the change in stock-based compensation of 4.4 million, and the change in depreciation and amortization of 3.5 million. Cash flow impact from changes in net operating assets and liabilities were primarily driven by increases in inventory and Right of Use ROU assets, partially offset by increases in ROU liabilities. 
 Net cash used in operating activities in the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily consisted of net loss of 81.6 million, partially offset by net non-cash adjustments of 1.6 million, plus net changes in operating assets and liabilities of 0.7 million. The primary non-cash adjustments to net income included share-based compensation of 0.5 million, depreciation and amortization expenses of 0.9 million, change in fair value of warrants of 0.1 million, and provision for warranty costs of 0.1 million. Cash flow impact from changes in net operating assets and liabilities were primarily driven by an increase in inventories and prepaid expenses and other current assets and partially offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities totaled 7.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. We purchased 7.4 million of property and equipment. We paid 0.5 million related to purchases of patents from third-parties. 
 Net cash used in investing activities totaled 24.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. We purchased 3.8 million of property and equipment. We paid 20.4 million related to purchases of patents from third-parties. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 15.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. We borrowed the remaining 15.0 million under our Credit Agreement. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 130.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. We raised cash through our IPO with net proceeds of 110.5 million. We also borrowed the Tranche B term loan under our Credit Agreement, with net proceeds of 10.0 million. 
 Funding Requirements 
 We expect to continue to generate operating losses in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we continue our research and development efforts and expand our business efforts. Furthermore, we have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs as a result of being a public company. Accordingly, we will need to obtain additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or future commercialization efforts. 
 
 At the time of issuance of our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, we concluded that there was substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the issuance of such audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We have based our projections of operating capital requirements on assumptions that may prove to be incorrect, and we may use all of our available capital resources sooner than we expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with our research and development efforts, we are unable to estimate the exact amount of our operating capital requirements. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 future research and development efforts; 
 the need to service and refinance our indebtedness; 
 our ability to enter into and terms and timing of any collaborations, licensing agreements or other arrangements; 
 the costs of sales, marketing, distribution and manufacturing efforts; 
 our headcount growth and associated costs as we expand our business; 
 the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and protecting our intellectual property rights and defending against intellectual property related claims; and 
 the costs of operating as a public company 
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate positive cash flows from operations, we expect to finance our additional cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, and sales of products and services to our customers. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, existing stockholder ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of those securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of holders of common stock. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. 
 If we raise funds through additional strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or future revenue streams or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity offerings, debt financings or grants when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, or reduce our expansion efforts. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Contractual obligations represent future cash commitments and liabilities under agreements with third parties and exclude orders for goods and services entered into in the normal course of business that are not enforceable or legally binding. The Company has agreements outstanding that have been entered into during the normal course of business that may become a purchase commitment or other commitment in the future. 
 On December 30, 2020, we entered into the Credit Agreement, which provides for senior secured financing of up to 50.0 million. At December 31, 2022, the entire 50.0 million balance was outstanding. 
 
 On December 28, 2022, the Company entered into a Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, pursuant to which the interest rate on borrowings was replaced from one-month LIBOR to forward-looking SOFR term rate Term SOFR as administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited, plus the applicable margin. The interest rate floor and applicable margin remain 1.75 and 9.50 , respectively, under the Fourth Amendment. The interest rate was 13.63 at December 31, 2022. Monthly payments of interest only are due over the term of the Credit Agreement with no scheduled loan amortization. Unless accelerated prior to such date, all amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement are due to be repaid on December 30, 2025. In addition, the Credit Agreement includes a quarterly minimum total revenue covenant for the applicable trailing twelve month period. In November 2022 and February 2023, we obtained from the lenders a waiver of the quarterly minimum total revenue covenant for the twelve months ended September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022, respectively, and a waiver of any event of default resulting from non-compliance with the quarterly minimum total revenue covenant for such test period. In March 2023, we also obtained from the lenders a waiver pertaining to the existence of a going concern qualification in the accompanying opinion of our auditors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any resulting event of default. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our commitments to settle contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: 
 (in thousands) Total Less than 1 year 1-3 Years 4-5 Years More than 5 Years Lease commitments (1) 
 5,769 1,811 3,182 776 Total 5,769 1,811 3,182 776 
 (1) Represents commitments under our non-cancelable leases. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Management bases its estimates on historical experience, market and other conditions, and various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable. Although these estimates are based on management s best knowledge of current events and actions that may impact us in the future, the estimation process is, by its nature, uncertain given that estimates depend on events over which we may not have control. Though the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic to our business and operating results presents additional uncertainty, we continue to use the best information available to inform our critical accounting estimates. If market and other conditions change from those that we anticipate, our consolidated financial statements may be materially affected. In addition, if our assumptions change, we may need to revise our estimates, or take other corrective actions, either of which may also have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. In addition to the accounting policies discussed below, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 2 for other significant accounting policies. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Our revenue is generated primarily from the sale of products and services. Product revenue primarily consists of sales of instruments and chip consumables. Service revenue primarily consists of revenue generated from measuring immune responses using the Company s technology. 
 The Company recognizes revenue when control of products and services is transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive from the customers in exchange for those products and services. This process involves identifying the contract with a customer, determining the performance obligations in the contract, determining the contract price, allocating the contract prices to distinct performance obligations in the contract, and recognizing revenue when the performance obligations have been satisfied. Revenue recognition for contracts with multiple deliverables is based on the separate satisfaction of each distinct performance obligation within the contract. A performance obligation is considered distinct from other obligations in a contract when it provides a benefit to the customer either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer and is separately identified in the contract. The Company considers a performance obligation satisfied once the Company has transferred control of a good or service to the customer, meaning the customer has the ability to use and obtain the benefit of the good or service. The contract price is allocated to each performance obligation in proportion to its standalone selling price. If the product or service has no history of sales or if the sales volume is not sufficient, the Company relies upon prices set by management, adjusted for applicable discounts. 
 The Company records revenue from product sales when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with customers are satisfied. Generally, this occurs with the transfer of control of the goods to customers at the time of shipment. The Company also generates service revenues by measuring immune responses using the Company s technology. The Company recognizes service revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with customers are satisfied, which is generally at the time the analysis data is made available to the customer or agreed-upon milestones are reached. The Company makes judgments as to its ability to collect outstanding receivables and provides allowances when collection becomes doubtful. 
 Revenue is recorded net of discounts and sales taxes collected on behalf of governmental authorities. Employee sales commissions are recorded as sales and marketing expenses when incurred as the amortization period for such costs, if capitalized, would have been one year or less. 
 Inventory Valuation 
 Inventories are valued at the lower of cost, determined on a first-in, first-out basis, or market. The primary components of cost included in inventories are raw material, labor and overhead. Provisions are made to reduce excess or obsolete 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 inventories to their estimated net realizable value. The process for evaluating the value of excess and obsolete inventory often requires the Company to make subjective judgments and estimates concerning future sales levels, quantities and prices at which such inventory will be sold in the normal course of business and estimated costs. Estimates of excess and obsolete inventory may differ from actual results due to changes in market value, channels of distribution, customer preferences and overall economic and market conditions. Accelerating the disposal process or changes in estimates based on future sales potential or estimated costs may necessitate future adjustments to these provisions. 
 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 Our determination of the fair value of stock options with time-based vesting on the date of grant utilizes the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and is impacted by our common stock price as well as other variables including, but not limited to, expected term that options will remain outstanding, expected common stock price volatility over the term of the option awards, risk-free interest rates and expected dividends. 
 The fair value of a stock-based award is recognized over the period during which an optionee is required to provide services in exchange for the option award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period) on a straight-line basis. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized based on the fair value determined on the date of grant and is reduced for forfeitures as they occur. Estimating the fair value of equity-settled awards as of the grant date using valuation models, such as the Black-Scholes option pricing model, is affected by assumptions regarding a number of complex variables. Changes in the assumptions can materially affect the fair value and ultimately how much stock-based compensation expense is recognized. These inputs are subjective and generally require significant analysis and judgment to develop. 
 As there had been no public market for our common stock prior to our IPO, the estimated fair value of our common stock had been determined by our board of directors as of the date of each option grant, with input from management, considering our most recently available third-party valuations of common stock, and our board of directors assessment of additional objective and subjective factors that it believed were relevant and which may have changed from the date of the most recent valuation through the date of the grant. These third-party valuations were performed in accordance with the guidance outlined in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation . Our common stock valuations were prepared using one or more of the following methods: the option pricing method OPM ), the probability-weighted expected return method PWERM or the hybrid method, which combines both the OPM and the PWERM. The OPM uses market approaches to estimate our enterprise value and treats common stock and preferred stock as call options on the total equity value of a company, with exercise prices based on the value thresholds at which the allocation among the various holders of a company s securities changes. Under this method, the common stock has value only if the funds available for distribution to stockholders exceed the value of the preferred stock liquidation preferences at the time of a liquidity event, such as a strategic sale or a merger. A discount for lack of marketability of the common stock is then applied to arrive at an indication of value for the common stock. The PWERM is a scenario-based analysis that estimates the value per share based on the probability-weighted present value of expected future investment returns, considering each of the possible outcomes considered by us, as well as the economic and control rights of each share class. 
 In addition to considering the results of these third-party valuations, our board of directors considered both objective and subjective factors, including: 
 the prices at which we sold our redeemable convertible preferred stock and the superior rights and preferences of the redeemable convertible preferred stock relative to our common stock at the time of each grant; 
 the progress of our research and development; 
 our stage of development and our business strategy; 
 external market conditions affecting the biotechnology industry, and trends within the biotechnology industry; 
 our financial position, including cash on hand, and our historical and forecasted performance and operating results; 
 the lack of an active public market for our common stock and our redeemable convertible preferred stock; and 
 the likelihood of achieving a liquidity event, such as an initial public offering or a sale of our company in light of prevailing market conditions. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Expected Term We have opted to use the simplified method for estimating the expected term of options, whereby the expected term equals the arithmetic average of the vesting term and the original contractual term of the option (10 years). 
 Expected Volatility Due to our limited operating history and a lack of company specific historical and implied volatility data, we have based our estimate of expected volatility on the historical volatility of a group of similar companies that are publicly traded. The historical volatility data was computed using the daily closing prices for the selected companies shares during the equivalent period of the calculated expected term of the stock-based awards. 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate The risk-free rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury instruments with maturities similar to the expected term of our stock options. 
 Expected Dividend We have not issued any dividends in our history and do not expect to issue dividends over the life of the options and therefore have estimated the dividend yield to be zero. 
 The assumptions underlying these valuations represented management s best estimate, which involved inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. As a result, if we had used significantly different assumptions or estimates, the fair value of our common stock and our stock-based compensation expense could have been materially different. 
 Estimates of the fair value of common stock are no longer necessary to determine the fair value of new awards in periods ended after the closing of our IPO, since the underlying shares have begun trading publicly. 
 Valuation of warrants 
 Prior to our IPO, we issued warrants exercisable into Series A-2 redeemable convertible preferred stock and Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock in connection with debt issuances. These warrants were classified as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets as of December 30, 2020, as we determined that they met the definition of a freestanding financial instrument since they are legally detachable and also determined that such instruments represent forward sale contracts on redeemable shares and, accordingly, the instruments should be accounted for as a liability separate from the redeemable convertible preferred stock. They are reported at fair value at inception with an allocation of the proceeds from the debt issued. We remeasure these liabilities to fair value at each reporting date, and immediately prior to exercise or settlement, and recognize changes in the fair value of the liabilities in our consolidated statements of operations recorded as change in fair value of warrants. The warrant exercisable into Series A-2 redeemable convertible preferred stock was exercised on May 11, 2021, at an exercise price of 12.58608 per share for 3,178 shares of Series A-2 redeemable convertible preferred stock. Upon closing of the IPO on October 12, 2021, the warrant exercisable into Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock was converted into a warrant exercisable for a total of 811,374 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 9.62 per warrant share. In connection with the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement dated March 30, 2022, the exercise price of the warrants has been changed from 9.62 per warrant share to 6.00 per warrant share. The common stock warrant is no longer considered potentially redeemable and the fair value of the warrant liability as of October 12, 2021 has been reclassified from liabilities to equity in accordance with ASC 480 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 The JOBS Act 
 The JOBS Act permits an emerging growth company such as us to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this exemption and, therefore, we will not be subject to new or revised accounting standards at the same time that they become applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies until such time that we either (i) irrevocably elect to opt out of such extended transition period or (ii) no longer qualify as an emerging growth company. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 37.5 million. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, our cash is held primarily in savings and checking accounts. Because of the short-term nature of the instruments in our portfolio, an immediate 10 change in the interest rate would not have a material impact on the fair market value of our investment portfolio or on our financial position or results of operations. 
 
 We are exposed to changes in the U.S. dollar based short term rates, specifically SOFR. Fluctuations in SOFR may affect the amount of interest expense we incur on borrowings indexed to SOFR, such as borrowings under our Credit Agreement, which bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the 30-day Term SOFR rate (with a minimum Term SOFR rate for such purposes of 1.75 plus a margin of 9.5 . 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had wholly owned subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and China. Our results of operations and cash flow are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Certain of our revenue and expenses are denominated Chinese Yuan, the Euro and the Pound. Our results of operations and cash flow are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and may be adversely affected in the future due to changes in foreign exchange rates. We do not hedge our foreign currency exchange risk and the materiality of these fluctuations have not had a material effect on our financial results. In the future, we may enter into formal currency hedging transactions to decrease the risk of financial exposure from fluctuations in the exchange rates of our principal operating currencies. These measures, however, may not adequately protect us from significant changes in such fluctuations. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm [Deloitte Touche LLP, Hartford, CT Auditor Firm ID: ] 
 72 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 73 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 74 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Incomes (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 75 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 76 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 77 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 78 

68 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of IsoPlexis Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of IsoPlexis Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes, (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Going Concern 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred recurring losses from operations, negative cash flows and may be unable to remain in compliance with certain financial covenants required by its credit agreement that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, effective January 1, 2022, the Company adopted FASB ASC Topic 842, Leases , using the modified retrospective transition approach. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 
 March 2, 2023 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2020. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, (in thousands, except share amounts) 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of thousand as of December 31, 2022 and thousand as of December 31, 2021) 
 Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term operating lease obligations Long-term debt Total liabilities: Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 10, 13 and 14) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; and shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and shares issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Year ended December 31, 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 2022 2021 Revenue Product revenue Service revenue Total revenue Cost of product revenue Cost of service revenue Gross profit ) Operating expenses: Research and development expenses General and administrative expenses Sales and marketing expenses Restructuring expenses Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense, net ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) Net loss ) ) Accrued dividends on preferred stock ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders Basic and diluted net loss per common share Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

71 

Table of Contents 

 ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 
 Year ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Comprehensive loss ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Series A Preferred Series A-2 Preferred Series B Preferred Series B-2 Preferred Series C Preferred Series C-2 Preferred Series D Preferred Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Comprehensive Other Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2021 ) ) Issuance of Preferred Stock, net of issuance cost of 
 Exercise of common stock options Stock-based compensation Conversion of preferred stock ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Accrued dividend on preferred shares converted to common shares ) Issuance of common stock from initial public offering, net of underwriting and issuance costs of 
 Reclassification of warrant liability to equity Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) Exercise of common stock options Restricted stock awards released Stock-based compensation Warrant modification expense Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for warranty costs Change in fair value of warrants and loan commitment Amortization of debt discount Amortization of right-of-use assets Stock-based compensation Provision for excess and obsolete inventories Provision for bad debt Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Other assets ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred revenue Operating lease obligations Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Payments for patents acquired and capitalized ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from exercise of Series A-2 preferred stock warrants Proceeds from issuance of Series D preferred stock Proceeds from initial public offering of common stock, net of underwriting fees of 
 Proceeds received from borrowings on credit agreement Initial public offering costs paid ) Exercise of common stock options Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Non-cash investing and financing activities Transfer of Tranche B loan commitment to contra-debt upon additional borrowing under credit agreement Transfer of Tranche C loan commitment to contra-debt upon additional borrowing under credit agreement Transfer of Tranche D loan commitment to contra-debt upon additional borrowing under credit agreement Exercise of Series A-2 preferred stock warrants Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock upon closing of the initial public offering (including million of accrued dividends) 
 Conversion of preferred stock warrants to common stock warrants Increase in operating lease right-of-use assets Increase in operating lease obligations Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid for interest 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1 - 
 , of the Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares of Common Stock owned (i) by the Company as treasury stock, (ii) by Berkeley Lights or Merger Sub (unless owned by Berkeley Lights or Merger Sub in a fiduciary, representative or other capacity on behalf of other persons) or (iii) by any wholly owned subsidiary of the Company or Berkeley Lights (other than Merger Sub and unless held in a fiduciary, representative or other capacity on behalf of other persons)) will be converted into the right to receive fully paid and nonassessable shares (the Exchange Ratio of common stock, par value , of Berkeley Lights Berkeley Lights Common Stock (the Merger Consideration ), together with cash in lieu of fractional shares of Berkeley Lights Common Stock, if any, and any unpaid dividends or other distributions. The consummation of the Merger is subject to customary closing conditions, including, among others, (i) the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the Company s stockholders and the approval by Berkeley Lights stockholders of the issuance of Berkeley Lights Common Stock to IsoPlexis stockholders in connection with the Merger (the Share Issuance ), (ii) termination or expiration of any waiting period applicable to the Merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, (iii) effectiveness of Berkeley Lights registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC pursuant to the Merger Agreement, (iv) approval of the listing on The Nasdaq Global Select Market of the shares of Berkeley Lights Common Stock issuable as Merger Consideration, subject to official notice of issuance and (v) the absence of a judgment or law that prevents, makes illegal, enjoins or prohibits the consummation of the Merger. The Merger Agreement generally requires the Company to operate its business in the ordinary course pending consummation of the proposed Merger and restricts the Company, without Berkeley Lights consent, from taking certain specified actions until the Merger is completed. 
 
 Stock Split 
 On September 27, 2021, the Company implemented an 8-for-1 forward stock split (the Stock Split of the Company s common stock, par value per share Common Stock ), pursuant to an amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation approved by the Company s board of directors and stockholders. As a result of the Stock Split, all Common Stock share and per share data and related information shown in these financial statements and related notes have been adjusted on a retroactive basis for all periods presented. There was no change in the par value of the Company s Common Stock. 
 Initial public offering 
 On October 12, 2021, the Company closed an initial public offering IPO of its Common Stock through an underwritten sale of shares of Common Stock at a price of per share. The aggregate net proceeds from the IPO, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable by the Company, were approximately million. The net proceeds from the IPO are being used for general corporate purposes. 
 Preferred stock conversion 
 Upon closing of the IPO on October 12, 2021, all shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the IPO automatically converted into shares of Common Stock. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Common Stock to the holders of the redeemable convertible preferred stock outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the IPO in respect of accrued dividends thereon accrued to but not including October 12, 2021, based on the IPO price of per share. 
 COVID-19 
 The COVID-19 pandemic developed rapidly in 2020, with a significant number of cases. Measures taken by various governments to contain the virus have affected economic activity. The Company has taken a number of measures to monitor and mitigate the effects of COVID-19, such as safety and health measures for the Company s employees (such as social distancing and working from home) and securing the supply of materials that are essential to the production process. 
 At this stage, the impact on the Company s business and results has not been significant and based on the Company s experience to date, management expects this to remain the case. The Company will continue to follow the various government policies and advice. 
 Liquidity and ability to continue as a going concern 
 
 The accompanying financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Management has evaluated whether there are conditions and events that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued. 
 
 Since its inception, the Company has incurred net losses and negative cash flows from operations. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred a net loss of million and million, respectively, and used million and million in cash for operations, respectively. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million. The Company expects to continue to generate operating losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future. 
 
 The Company has financed its operations primarily from the sale of equity securities and debt. The Company may never achieve profitability, and unless and until it does, the Company will continue to need to raise additional capital to fund its operations. In addition, as disclosed in Note 7, as of December 31, 2022, the Company has an outstanding balance under the Credit Agreement of million. The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, which require the Company to maintain a minimum cash balance of million and meet minimum revenue amounts measured on a quarterly basis. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was not in compliance with the minimum total revenue covenant requirement of million and was in compliance with the minimum cash balance covenant requirement of million. The Company has obtained a waiver of the minimum total revenue requirements for the twelve month period ended December 31, 2022. However, the inherent uncertainties described above may impact the Company s ability to remain in compliance with these covenants over the next twelve months. If the Company breaches its financial covenants and fails to secure a waiver or forbearance from the third-party lender, such breach or failure could accelerate the repayment of the outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement or the exercise of other rights or remedies the third-party lender may have under applicable law. No assurance can be provided a waiver or forbearance will be granted or the outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement will be successfully refinanced on terms that are acceptable to the Company. These conditions and events raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for at least a period of one year from the issuance of these audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The Company may seek additional funding in order to reach its business objectives. The Company may seek these funds either through public debt or equity offerings or further private equity financings, debt financings, and strategic alliances. The Company may not be able to obtain funding on acceptable terms, or at all, and the terms of any funding may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of the Company s stockholders. If the Company is unable to obtain additional funding, it could adversely affect the Company s business prospects. 
 
 The Company is subject to risks common to companies in the life sciences industry. There can be no assurance that the Company s research and development will be successful, that adequate protection for its intellectual property will be maintained, that any products developed will obtain required regulatory approval, or that any approved products will be commercially viable. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

Note 2 - 

million and million, respectively. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 . Amortization of leasehold improvements is recorded over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or remaining lease term. 
 to years 
 Computers and technology to years 
 Leasehold improvements Lesser of lease term or useful life (approximately to years) 
 
 years. Patent costs are amortized as part of cost of product and service revenue. The Company periodically evaluates capitalized patent costs to determine if any amounts should be written down. Patent costs for products that have not reached technological feasibility are expensed as incurred in general and administrative expenses since recoverability of such expenditures is uncertain. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, as of January 1, 2022. The operating lease ROU assets at adoption were lower than the operating lease liabilities because of the balance of the Company s deferred rent liabilities of million at December 31, 2021, which was reclassified into operating lease assets. The adoption of the standard did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated statements of operations or consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 million of R D tax credits receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

In 2022, the Company split the remaining tranche of debt into two borrowings and the Company drew the entire balance of the loan on June 29, 2022. The balance of the loan commitment asset is at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021, the balance of million was included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and its income tax returns after 2018 are subject to audit by the applicable taxing authorities. The Company will recognize any interest and penalties associated with tax matters as part of income tax expense. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 There were no impairment indicators in 2022 or 2021. 
 
 preferred shares are issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 warranty on instruments. At the time revenue is recognized, an accrual is established for estimated warranty expenses based on historical experience as well as anticipated product performance. The Company periodically reviews the warranty reserve for adequacy and adjusts the warranty accrual, if necessary, based on actual experience and estimated costs to be incurred. Warranty expense is recorded as a component of cost of product revenue. Product warranties are meant to ensure all the Company s instruments are operating effectively and based on the terms of the purchase or service agreement. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

Note 3 - 
 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Loan commitment asset 
 Under ASC 480, the preferred stock warrants (see Note 7) were freestanding financial instruments that qualified as liabilities required to be recorded at their estimated fair value at the inception date and remeasured at each reported balance sheet date thereafter until settlement. The warrant exercisable into Series A-2 redeemable convertible preferred stock was 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 per share for shares of Series A-2 redeemable convertible preferred stock. Upon closing of the IPO on October 12, 2021, the warrant held by Perceptive Credit Holdings III, LP to purchase Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock was converted to a warrant exercisable to purchase shares of common stock under the same terms as the original warrant. This common stock warrant is no longer considered potentially redeemable and the outstanding balance of the warrant liability has been reclassified into equity in accordance with ASC 480 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The Company did not change the manner in which it values assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value. The Company recognizes transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy as of the end of the reporting period. There were no transfers within the hierarchy during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The fair value of the loan commitment was estimated based on the present value of future expected cash flows discounted at the Company s effective interest rate of at December 31, 2021. The loan balance was fully drawn during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the loan commitment asset has been reduced to zero as shown below. 
 Exercise of warrant ) Exercise of Tranche B loan commitment ) Change in estimated fair value ) Conversion to common share warrant ) Balances at December 31, 2021 Exercise of Tranche C loan commitment ) Change in warrant exercise price Exercise of Tranche D loan commitment ) Balances at December 31, 2022 
 
 On March 30, 2022, we entered into a Third Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty with Perceptive Credit Holdings III, LP pursuant to which the Company amended the warrant that had been previously issued to Perceptive Credit Holdings III, LP to purchase up to shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrant exercise price was amended to per share. The change in exercise price resulted in an increase to debt issuance costs of million, half of which was recognized with the Tranche C term loan draw as shown in the table above. The other half was recognized on June 29, 2022, when Tranche D was drawn upon. 
 The above fair value measurements are sensitive to changes in underlying unobservable inputs. A change in those inputs could result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. Changes in fair value of the warrants and loan commitment is included in other expense (income), net in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Note 4 - 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Consumables Extended service warranty Other service revenue Total revenue 
 Europe (2) 
 Greater China (3) 
 Asia-Pacific (4) 
 Total revenue 
 ________________ 
 (1) Region includes revenue from the United States of America and Canada 
 (2) Region includes revenue from the United Kingdom, Belgium, France, Czech Republic, Spain, Germany, Sweden, Italy, Israel, Ireland, Netherlands, Portugal and Switzerland 
 (3) Region includes revenue from China and Taiwan 
 (4) Region includes revenue from Singapore, Japan, Australia, and Korea 
 Performance obligations 
 The Company regularly enters into contracts with multiple performance obligations. Most performance obligations are generally satisfied within a short time after the contract execution date. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was million, of which substantially all is expected to be recognized as revenue during 2023. 
 Contract balances 
 Contract balances represent amounts presented in the consolidated balances sheets when either the Company has transferred goods or services to the customer, or the customer has paid consideration to the Company under the contract. These contract balances included accounts receivable (see Note 5) and deferred revenue. Accounts receivable balances represent amounts billed to customers for goods and services when the Company has an unconditional right to payment of the amount billed. Deferred revenue, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million respectively. Deferred revenue represents cash consideration received from customers for which all services or products have not yet been transferred. Revenue recorded in 2022 included million of previously deferred revenue that was included in contract liabilities as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no single customer represented 10 or more of revenue. 
 
 Note 5 - 
 Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total accounts receivable, net 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Write-offs of uncollectable accounts ) Provision for credit losses Allowance for credit losses, end of year 
 (1) 
 (1) 
 PUSH-ZGC Pharmaceutical and Medical Devices Co., Ltd. (1) 
 (1) 
 
 (1) Trade receivables associated with this customer did not total more than 10 of the Company s accounts receivable, net for the indicated period. 
 Work in process Finished goods Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory ) ) Total inventories, net 
 
 Purchases from the following significant suppliers totaled more than 10 of the Company s accounts payable: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (thousands) of Total Inventory Purchases (thousands) of Total Inventory Purchases Raven Biosciences ApS (1) 
 (1) 
 R D Systems, Inc. (1) 
 (1) 
 
 (1) Accounts payable associated with this supplier did not total more than 10 of the Company s accounts payable for the indicated period. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Computers and technology Leasehold improvements Total Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Accrued operating expenses Short-term operating lease liability Other, including warranties Total accrued liabilities 
 Accrued compensation includes commissions of million, vacation of million, and bonuses of million at December 31, 2022 compared to commissions of million, vacation of million and bonuses of million at December 31, 2021. Accrued operating expenses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 primarily consists of accrued vendor payments and professional services fees of million and million, respectively. 
 On April 11, 2022, the Company completed a re-organization of the commercial team and company-wide reduction in force RIF ). This action resulted in non-recurring restructuring expenses of million which were primarily associated with severance, benefits, and outplacement services during the second and third quarters of 2022. Restructuring liability is included within other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Outplacement services Stock-based compensation expense Consultant fees Other Total 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6 - 
 - 
 Capitalized licenses - 
 Total intangible assets December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Remaining Useful Life Gross Accumulated Amortization Net Patents - 
 Capitalized licenses - 
 Total intangible assets 
 Amortization expense was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amortization of capitalized intangible assets is recognized in cost of product and service revenue. The amortization of purchased intangible assets is recognized in general and administrative operating expenses. 
 The estimated annual amortization of intangible assets for the next five years is shown in the following table. Actual amortization expense to be reported in future periods could differ from these estimates as a result of acquisitions, divestitures, and asset impairments, among other factors. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 

Note 7 - 
 million Credit Agreement with Perceptive Credit Holdings III, L.P.. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balances under the Credit Agreement were million and million, respectively. 
 
 On December 28, 2022, the Company entered into a Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty with Perceptive Credit Holdings, III, LP, pursuant to which the interest rate on borrowings was replaced from one-month LIBOR to forward-looking 30-day SOFR term rate Term SOFR as administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited, plus the applicable margin. The interest rate floor and applicable margin remain and , respectively, under the Fourth Amendment. The interest rate was at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Monthly payments of interest-only are due over the term of the loan with no scheduled loan amortization. Amounts borrowed are due and payable on the maturity date, December 30, 2025. The loan is secured by substantially all of the Company s assets. Financial covenants include a million minimum cash balance at all times and minimum revenue amounts measured on a quarterly basis. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was not in compliance with the minimum total revenue covenant requirement of million and was in compliance with the minimum cash balance covenant requirement of million. The Company has obtained a waiver of the minimum total revenue requirements for the twelve month period ended December 31, 2022. The Company has also obtained a waiver pertaining to the existence of a 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 June 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 December 31, 2023 
 
 In connection with the Credit Agreement closing, the Company issued to the lender warrants to purchase shares of Series D preferred stock. The warrants have a -year contractual life and an exercise price of per warrant share. Upon closing of the IPO on October 12, 2021, the Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock warrant was converted into a warrant exercisable for a total of shares of common stock with an exercise price of per warrant share. In connection with the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement dated March 30, 2022, the exercise price of the warrants was changed from per warrant share to per warrant share. This common stock warrant is no longer considered potentially redeemable and the fair value of the warrant liability as of October 12, 2021 has been reclassified into equity in accordance with ASC 480 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (see Note 3). 
 
 At December 31, 2021, a million asset related to the future loan commitment was included in other assets on the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, the Credit Agreement has been fully borrowed and the loan commitment asset has been reclassified to debt discount and is being amortized over the term of the Credit Agreement. 

Note 8 - 
 shares of Common Stock of which a total of shares and shares were outstanding, respectively. 
 
 Preferred stock 
 
 Upon closing of the IPO on October 12, 2021, all shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the IPO automatically converted into shares of Common Stock. In addition, the Company issued shares of Common Stock to the holders of the redeemable convertible preferred stock outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the IPO in respect of accrued dividends thereon accrued to but not including October 12, 2021, based on the IPO price of per share. 
 
 Preferred Shares outstanding prior to conversion Aggregate liquidation preference 
 Under the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed upon the Company s IPO, the Company authorized shares of non-redeemable preferred stock, par value per share Preferred Stock ), of which shares were outstanding at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

89 

Table of Contents 

 Note 9 - 
 , plus the number of shares of the Company s common stock underlying awards under the 2014 Plan, not to exceed shares, that become available again for grant under the 2014 Plan in accordance with its terms. The share pool will automatically increase on January 1 of each year beginning with January 1, 2022 by the lesser of (i) five percent of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on December 31 of the immediately preceding calendar year and (ii) such number of shares of common stock determined by the Compensation Committee. 
 Stock options 
 Stock options expire years from the date of grant. The stock options and restricted stock awards generally vest upon the one-year anniversary of the service inception date and then ratably each month over the remaining months. Upon termination of service, any unvested stock options are forfeited and returned to the Company. Vested stock options that are not exercised within the specified period, according to the terms and conditions of the option plan, following the termination as an employee, consultant, or service provider to the Company are surrendered back to the Company. Those stock options are added back to the 2021 Plan and made available for future grants. Compensation cost is recorded on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award based on the fair value of the options issued on the measurement date. 
 Granted Forfeited ) Exercised ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of stock options awarded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately per share and per share, respectively. The aggregate grant date fair value of stock options vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was a total of million of unrecognized employee compensation costs related to non-vested stock option awards expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 The Company estimates the fair value of stock-based compensation utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which is dependent upon several variables, such as expected term, volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected dividends. Each of these inputs is subjective and generally requires significant judgment to determine. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 - 
 Expected term (in years) Expected volatility - 
 Expected dividend yield Exercise prices - 
 - 
 Estimated fair value of common stock - 
 - 
 
 The risk-free interest rate assumption was based upon observed interest rates appropriate for the expected term of the stock options. Prior to the Company s IPO in October 2021, the expected volatility used was based on volatility of a group of similar entities, referred to as guideline companies. Subsequent to the IPO, the company continued to estimate its volatility based on the volatility of a group of similar entities, referred to as its peer group . In evaluating similarity, the Company considered factors such as industry, stage of life cycle and size. The expected term is based on the average of the vesting period and the legal term. The Company has not declared any dividends in its history and does not expect to issue dividends over the life of the stock options and therefore has estimated the dividend yield to be . 
 
 Restricted stock awards 
 
 Restricted stock awards are rights to receive shares of the Company s Common Stock upon meeting specified vesting requirements. The fair value of a restricted stock award is the market value as determined by the closing price of the stock on the day of grant. These awards were granted under the Company s 2021 Plan. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards. This amount is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average vesting period of years. 
 
 Employee stock purchase plan 
 
 In the third quarter of 2021, the Company approved the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), which became effective upon completion of our IPO. A total of shares of Common Stock was initially reserved for issuance under the ESPP on October 7, 2021. The maximum number of shares of the Company s Common Stock which will be authorized for sale under the ESPP is equal to shares. The number of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year, beginning on January 1, 2022, through January 1, 2031, by the lesser of (1) of the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as of the last day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (2) such number of shares of Common Stock determined by the administrator of the ESPP, provided, however, that in no event shall more than shares of Common Stock be issued under the ESPP. As of December 31, 2022, there has not been an offering under the ESPP and no shares of Common Stock have been purchased under the ESPP. 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative Sales and marketing Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 The following table summarizes restricted stock-based compensation expense, and also the allocation within the consolidated statements of operations: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Research and development General and administrative Sales and marketing Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 The million of restricted stock-based compensation expense includes million of accelerated expenses related to restructuring cost. 

Note 10 - 
 years, including any reasonably probable extensions. 
 
 Liabilities: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Long-term operating lease obligations Total lease liabilities Supplemental non-cash disclosures Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 
 
 Operating lease expense, including variable and short-term lease costs, which were insignificant to the total operating lease cash flows and supplemental cash flow information were as follows: 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development expenses Sales and marketing expenses General and administrative expenses Total operating lease expense 
 Operating cash outflows from operating leases 
 
 The weighted average remaining lease liability term and the weighted average discount rate were as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 Weighted average lease liability term (in years) Weighted average discount rate 
 
 The following table reconciles the undiscounted cash flows for each of the first five years and thereafter to the operating lease liabilities recognized in the Company s consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had operating lease with a term that had not yet commenced. The total initial lease liability, which is immaterial to the balance sheet, is not reflected within the above maturity schedule. 

Note 11 - 
 following the delivery date. Accrued warranty costs are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities. 
 Cost of warranty services during the year ) ) Estimated provision for warranty costs Accrued warranty costs, end of year 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Note 12 - 
 percent. 
 State income taxes Permanent items ) ) Stock-based compensation Other ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Effective income tax rate 
 Other accruals Deferred revenue Inventory adjustments Intangible assets ASC842 Lease Liability Net operating losses Federal and state tax credits Capitalized research and experimental costs Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: ASC842 Right-of-use asset ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax assets and liabilities, net of valuation allowance 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for federal purposes of approximately million, which expire at various dates through 2033 and approximately million which have no expiration. The Company also had state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million, which expire at various dates through 2043. The Company had federal research and development tax credit carryforwards available to offset future federal income taxes of approximately million and state of Connecticut research and development tax credit carryforwards available to offset future state income taxes of approximately million. 
 On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act was enacted which included provisions related to NOL carryovers and carrybacks. The CARES Act amended the NOL carryback rules by allowing NOLs arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2021 to be carried back to each of the 5 years preceding the year of the loss to generate a refund of previously paid income taxes. In addition, the CARES Act temporarily removed the 80 limitation under which NOLs generated post-2017 could be used to offset no more than 80 of taxable income, and allows for full use of such NOLs for tax years before January 1, 2021. The 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 million primarily due to the generation of net operating losses. 
 Future realization of the tax benefits of existing temporary differences and net operating loss carryforwards ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company performed an evaluation to determine whether a valuation allowance was needed. The Company considered all available evidence, both positive and negative, which included the results of operations for the current and preceding years. The Company concluded that it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize or the benefits of the net deferred tax assets. Accordingly, the Company maintained a full valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Under Internal Revenue Code Section 382, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income may be limited. Generally, an ownership change occurs when certain shareholders increase their aggregated ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage in a testing period (typically three years). The Company has not completed a study to assess whether an ownership change has occurred or whether there have been multiple ownership changes since becoming a loss corporation as defined in Section 382. Future changes in stock ownership, which may be outside of the Company s control, may trigger an ownership change. In addition, future equity offerings or acquisitions that have an equity component of the purchase price could result in an ownership change. If an ownership change has occurred or does occur in the future, utilization of the NOL carryforwards or other tax attributes may be limited, which could potentially result in the expiration of a portion of the federal and state net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards before utilization, the reduction of the Company s gross deferred tax assets and corresponding calculation allowance, and increased future tax liability to the Company. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did t have any unrecognized tax benefits. The Company has completed a study for the research and development credit carryforwards through December 31, 2020, and has not yet completed a study of research and development credit carryforwards for the year ended December 31, 2022. This study, once completed, may result in an adjustment to the Company s research and development credit carryforwards; however, until the study is completed, and any adjustment is known, no amounts are being presented as an uncertain tax position. A full valuation allowance has been provided against the Company s research and development credits and, if an adjustment is required, this adjustment would be offset by an adjustment to the valuation allowance. Thus, there would be no impact to the balance sheets or statements of operations if an adjustment were required. 
 To the extent penalties and interest would be assessed on any underpayment of income tax, the Company s policy is that such amounts would be accrued and classified as a component of income tax expense in the financial statements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 
 
 Note 13 - 
 per year to per year under the applicable agreements) during the terms of such agreements, which ranges from to years. The Company has agreements outstanding that have been entered into during the normal course of business that may become a purchase commitment or other commitment in the future. The Company is also required to pay royalties on net sales of certain products and services under the license and supply agreements at rates that range from mid single-digit to low double-digit percentage. The Company is also party to a non-exclusive sublicense agreement that provides the Company with a non-exclusive sublicense to certain patent rights. During the term of the agreement, the Company is required to pay royalties at a low single-digit percentage rate on net revenue of products and services that are covered by the licensed patent rights. This agreement also contained a provision for a million payment upon a change of control or IPO event, which the Company paid in December 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred an immaterial amount in royalty expense pursuant to these agreements. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Note 14 - 

Note 15 - 
 R D tax credit income State income tax ) ) Investment income Change in fair value of warrants and loan commitment ) Currency gain (loss) ) ) Net book value of asset disposed ) ) Other income (expense) ) Other income (expense), net ) 
 
 Note 16 - 
 Unvested restricted stock awards 
 
 Note 17 - 
 current receivables or payables due from or to Perceptive Credit Holdings III, LP as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Note 18 - 
 of the participant s contributions beginning in the year 2021. The Company recorded million and million of expense for company contributions during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Note 19 - 

On March 1, 2023, the Company obtained a waiver from Perceptive Credit Holdings III, LP, as administrative agent and lender under the Credit Agreement, pertaining to the existence of a going concern qualification in the accompanying opinion of the Company's auditors in its Annual Report on Form 10-K and any resulting event of default. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgement in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this Form 10-K that has materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Board of Directors Board ): Set forth below are names of the persons who, as of February 15, 2023, constituted our Board of Directors and their ages, and classifications as of that date. 
 Name Age Position(s) Gregory P. Ho 70 Class I director Daniel Wagner 52 Class I director Adam Wieschhaus 39 Class I director Nachum Homi Shamir 69 Class II director James R. Heath 61 Class II director Jason Myers 47 Class III director 
 John G. Conley 66 Class III director and Chairman of the Board 
 Sean Mackay 40 Class III director and CEO 

Director Qualifications --Our Nominating and Governance Committee and our Board seek to assemble a board that, as a whole, possesses the appropriate balance of professional and industry knowledge, financial expertise and high-level management experience necessary to oversee and direct our business. To that end, our Board has identified and evaluated directors in the broader context of our Board s overall composition, with the goal of recruiting members who complement and strengthen the skills of other members and who also exhibit integrity, collegiality, sound business judgment and other qualities that our Board views as critical to effective functioning of our Board. The brief biographies below include information, as of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K regarding the specific and particular experience, qualifications, attributes or skills of each director. 
 
 Board Diversity--The following table summarizes the gender and demographic diversity of our Board: 
 
 Board Diversity Matrix for IsoPlexis Corporation As of February 15, 2023 Total Number of Directors Part I: Gender Identity Female Male Non-Binary Directors 8 Part II: Demographic Background African American or Black Alaskan Native or American Indian Asian 1 Hispanic or Latinx Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander White 6 Two or More Races or Ethnicities LGBTQ+ Did Not Disclose Demographic Background 1 
 
 The following is a brief biography of each director and a discussion of the specific experience, qualifications, attributes or skills of each director. 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 Gregory P. Ho has served as a member of our board of directors since 2014. Mr. Ho serves as President of Spring Mountain Capital, LP SMC ), an investment management firm that he co-founded with John L. Steffens in 2001. Previously, he was a Principal and Chief Financial Officer of McKinsey Company, Inc. McKinsey ). During his 16 years with McKinsey, he led financial and tax planning for the firm and its worldwide partner group. Mr. Ho was also a member of the firm s Investment Committee and a Trustee of McKinsey s Profit-Sharing Retirement Plan. In these capacities, he oversaw the identification, evaluation, and selection of traditional and alternative asset managers and investments for over 1 billion of assets managed by the McKinsey Investment Office. After leaving McKinsey in 1998 and prior to co-founding SMC, Mr. Ho was a private investor and consultant. Prior to joining McKinsey, he was associated with the law firm of Donovan Leisure Newton Irvine. Mr. Ho currently serves on the boards of ReNetX Bio, Inc. and AtlasXomics Inc. and is a member of the Advisory Board for Venture for America. He received a J.D. from Columbia Law School and a B.S. with honors in Administrative Science from Yale College. He is a member of the New York Bar and the California Bar. We believe that Mr. Ho is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his financial expertise and experience in the venture capital industry. 
 
 Daniel Wagner has served as a member of our board of directors since 2014. Mr. Wagner has served as Senior Managing Director of Investments at Connecticut Innovations, Incorporated CI since 2007 and is an active board member of multiple life sciences companies. Mr. Wagner contributes to CI s expertise in biotechnology with more than 10 years in the industry. He was previously employed by CuraGen Corporation, where he held a variety of scientific and operational management positions. He holds an M.B.A. and M.H.S. degree in Biomedical Sciences from Quinnipiac University, and a B.S. degree in Biology from the University of Dayton. We believe that Mr. Wagner is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive experience in the biotechnology and life sciences industries and experience serving as a member of other private and public company boards. 
 
 Adam Wieschhaus, Ph.D., CFA , has served as a member of our board of directors since 2021. Dr. Wieschhaus serves as a Director at Northpond Ventures, LLC Northpond Ventures ), a global science, medical, and technology-focused venture capital firm, since 2020, where he leads the firm s work in life science research and development solutions, molecular diagnostics, and environmental sciences. Previously, Dr. Wieschhaus was a Vice President at Cowen and Company, where he covered the life science tools and diagnostics space from 2014 to 2020. Prior to Cowen, he conducted his postdoctoral studies at Tufts Medical School, where he developed and refined drug candidates across several therapeutic areas. Dr. Wieschhaus serves on the boards of directors of various private companies, including Inflammatix, Isolere Bio, Ori Biotech, SpeeDx, Torus Biosystems, Ultivue, and Vestaron. He holds a Ph.D. from the University of Illinois College of Medicine, a B.S. in biochemistry and molecular biology from University of Georgia, and is a CFA charterholder. We believe Dr. Wieschhaus is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his financial, managerial, and scientific experience, coupled with his substantial experience as an investor in emerging tools and diagnostics companies. 
 
 James R. Heath, Ph.D. , has served as a member of our board of directors since 2015. Dr. Heath has been president of the Institute of Systems Biology since 2018 and serves on the boards of PACT Pharma, Inc., a biotechnology company, and Indi Molecular, Inc., an emerging life sciences company. He is also a member of the Scientific Advisory Board of AtlasXomics Inc., a biotechnology company, and previously served on the board of Sofie Biosciences, Inc., a biotechnology company that he co-founded, from 2010 to 2020. Dr. Heath was the Elizabeth W. Gilloon Professor and Professor of Chemistry at Caltech from 2003 to 2018, and Professor of Molecular Medical Pharmacology at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), and Director of the National Cancer Institute s NSB Cancer Center. He has founded or co-founded several companies, including NanoSys, MTI, and Indi Dx, and has served on the board of a number of organizations including the Board of Scientific Advisors of the National Cancer Institute. Dr. Heath graduated with a degree in Chemistry from Baylor University in Texas. He completed his Ph.D. in Physics and Chemistry from Rice University. He was awarded the 2000 Feynman Prize in Nanotechnology. He became a fellow of American Physical Society in 1999 and in 2009 he was named one of the seven most powerful innovators of the world by Forbes magazine. We believe that Dr. Heath is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive medical and scientific knowledge and track record of academic excellence. 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 John G. Conley has served as the chairman of our board of directors since 2014. Mr. Conley also serves on the board of Cognoptix, Inc., a biotechnology company, and Windgap Medical, Inc., a pharmaceutical company. Mr. Conley is also currently a partner at Gilliam Capital LLC, a life science investment firm he co-founded in 2007, and has been a member of Launchpad Venture Group since 2013. From 2015 to 2018, Mr. Conley served as the Chief Operating Officer of Entrepreneurship for All, a nonprofit that is accelerating economic and social impact through fostering entrepreneurship in mid-sized cities. He co-founded the RNA interference therapeutics company Alnylam Pharmaceuticals in 2002 where he held the position of Vice President, Strategy and Finance and Chief Financial Officer through to its successful IPO in 2004. Prior to that, he had over ten years of experience at Biogen where he served in several marketing, business development, sales and finance positions, including Country Manager United Kingdom and Ireland, and Treasurer. He was a Manager at the strategy-consulting firm of Bain Company for four years. Mr. Conley graduated with a B.S. in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania s Wharton School and an M.B.A. from the Yale School of Management. He was a 2014 Fellow in the Advanced Leadership Initiative at Harvard University. We believe that Mr. Conley is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive leadership experience in the biotechnology and life sciences industries. 
 
 Sean Mackay , our co-founder, has served as our Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our board of directors since 2014. Mr. Mackay also serves on the board of AbbraTech, a biotechnology company. Previously, Mr. Mackay worked at Lazard, and advised on a number of transactions across industries, helping life sciences and medical device companies manage and reconfigure their capital structures to pursue various operational goals. Additionally, Mr. Mackay was part of Kleiner Perkins-incubated Lifesquare, which aimed to connect patients, payers, and providers through sharing essential healthcare information. Throughout his career, Mr. Mackay has focused on advising and building companies that can improve the healthcare ecosystem with breakthrough technology. Mr. Mackay has co-authored publications centered around immunology and is an inventor on various patents for single cell products. We believe that Mr. Mackay is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of the perspective and experience he brings as our Chief Executive Officer, his experience in the biotechnology and life sciences industry and his scientific knowledge. 
 
 Jason Myers, Ph.D. , has served as a member of our board since 2021. Dr. Myers currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the board of GenapSys, a genomic sequencing technology company. From 2015 to 2020, Dr. Myers founded and served as CEO and member of the board of directors of ArcherDX, Inc., a genomics and oncology technology company. He later served as President and member of the board of directors of Invitae Corporation, a medical genetics company, following its acquisition of ArcherDX, where he led oncology strategy development from 2020 to 2021. Prior to founding ArcherDX, Dr. Myers led cross-functional platform and sequencing application development for Ion TorrentTM, which was acquired by Life Technologies in 2010. Dr. Myers received his Ph.D. in Molecular Pharmacology from Stanford University School of Medicine and a Bachelor of Science from Colorado State University. We believe Dr. Myers is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive experience in the biotechnology industry and experience scaling businesses and bringing innovative technologies to market. 
 
 Nachum Homi Shamir has served as a member of our board since August 2022. Mr. Shamir was most recently the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Luminex Corporation from 2014 through its sale to DiaSorin S.p.A. DiaSorin in 2021. Mr. Shamir continued to serve as President of Luminex after its sale to DiaSorin pursuant to a transition agreement with DiaSorin until June 2022. Additionally, Mr. Shamir has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Given Imaging from 2006 through its sales to Covidien (now Medtronic) in 2014. Mr. Shamir currently serves on the Board of Directors of Strata Skin Sciences (Nasdaq: SSKN); and as Chairman of the Boards of Mediwound (Nasdaq: MDWD) and Cactuc Acquisiton Corp. (Nasdaq: CCTS). Mr. Shamir holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and a Masters of Public Administration from Harvard University. We believe Mr. Shamir is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive experience in the biotechnology industry, his experience leading and scaling businesses, and his experience serving as a member of other public company boards. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

Executive Officers : Set forth below are the name, age and position of each of our executive officers as of February 15, 2023. 
 
 Name Age Position(s) Sean Mackay 40 Chief Executive Officer, co-founder and director John Strahley 56 Chief Financial Officer Jing Zhou 53 Chief Scientific Officer Richard W. Rew II 55 Senior Vice President, General Counsel Secretary 
 
 Sean Mackay s biography is included under the section titled Board of Directors" above. 
 
 John Strahley has served as our Chief Financial Officer since 2019. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Strahley served as Managing Director at Ironwood Capital Ironwood ), a private equity fund manager, from 2010 to 2019. Mr. Strahley is a financial services professional with diverse experience in operational and investment roles with early-stage and closely held private companies. As CFO, Mr. Strahley leads strategic planning and financial management and reporting across the organization. While a Managing Director at Ironwood, Mr. Strahley was responsible for originating, structuring and closing debt and equity investments. In this role, Mr. Strahley worked closely with portfolio company management teams on strategy and execution, financial reporting, fund raising and acquisition. Prior to his time at Ironwood, Mr. Strahley was a Senior Vice President at Webster Bank, where he helped launch the bank s venture capital practice, built a loan sales and structuring group and during the 2008 financial crisis, led the credit administration group. Mr. Strahley began his career as a certified public accountant. 
 
 Jing Zhou, M.D., Ph.D. , has served as our Chief Scientific Officer since 2020. Dr. Zhou served as our Senior Vice President of Translational Medicine from January 2019 to December 2019, Vice President of Immunology and Translational Medicine from January 2017 to December 2018, and Director of Immunology from January 2016 to December 2016. Working with the talented multidisciplinary teams at the Company, she is responsible for developing single cell assays for precisely profiling the functional properties and heterogeneity of immune cells using our IsoCode proteomics platform, and for discovery of predictive biomarkers as correlates of patient outcome to immunotherapies. Since joining the Company in 2015, she has led multiple studies with various biopharma and trial center leaders, particularly in the immuno-oncology space, to develop single cell polyfunctional metrics that can distinguish and predict patient response to CAR-T and antibody-based cancer immunotherapies. These novel findings have led to numerous presentations at prestigious scientific conferences including AACR, ASH, ASCO, SITC, FOCiS and high-impact publications in journals such as Blood and JITC. Prior to joining the Company, she was an immunologist at the Yale School of Medicine with expertise in defining phenotype and functionality of immune cells in diseased and healthy settings, with a good track record of 30+ scientific publications in leading journals. Dr. Zhou earned her medical degree in Clinical Medicine from Bengbu Medical College, M.S. and Ph.D. in Immunology from Shanghai Jiao Tong University, and has been the principal investigator of NIH, AHA and Yale University grants. 
 
 Richard W. Rew II has served as our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Rew served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from 2015 to 2021 and also served as Chief Compliance Officer from February 2021 to July 2021 at Luminex Corporation Luminex ), a biotechnology company now part of DiaSorin S.p.A. At Luminex, Mr. Rew was responsible for managing all legal, compliance and corporate development matters, including multiple acquisitions. Prior to his time at Luminex, Mr. Rew served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary at ArthroCare Corporation, a publicly-traded medical devices company, from 2009 to 2014. In this role, he helped guide the company through a restatement process and successful resolution of a multi-year Department of Justice and SEC investigation and related shareholder class action litigation. Mr. Rew holds a J.D. from the University of Oklahoma and a B.A. from the University of Texas at Austin. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

Corporate Governance: 
 
 Information Regarding Committees of the Board of Directors 
 
 Our Board has three committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Governance Committee. Each of the committees has authority to engage legal counsel or other experts or consultants, as it deems appropriate to carry out its responsibilities. Our Board of Directors has determined that each member of each committee meets the applicable Nasdaq rules and regulations regarding independence and each member is free of any relationship that would impair his or her individual exercise of independent judgment with regard to Isoplexis. 
 
 The following table provides our committee membership for each Board committee and the number of meetings held by each committee in 2022. 
 Name Audit Compensation Nominating and Governance John G. Conley X X Nachum Homi Shamir X X 
 James R. Heath X Gregory P. Ho X Jason Myers X Daniel Wagner X Adam Wieschhaus X Total meetings in 2022 7 6 4 
 Committee Chairperson 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 The Audit Committee was established by our Board in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act to oversee our corporate accounting and financial reporting processes and audits of our financial statements. The purpose of the Audit Committee is assisting the board of directors oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) the independent auditors qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of the independent auditors and our internal audit function. The responsibilities of the Audit Committee include: 
 
 appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the work of our independent auditors and any other registered public accounting firm engaged for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or to perform audit, review or attestation service 
 
 pre-approval, or the adoption of appropriate procedures to pre-approve, all audit and non-audit services to be provided by our independent auditors 
 
 consideration of reports or communications submitted to the Audit Committee by our independent auditors, including reports and communications related to the overall audit strategy 
 
 meeting with management and our independent auditors to discuss the scope of the annual audit, to review and discuss our financial statements and related disclosures, to discuss any significant matters arising from any audit and any major issues regarding accounting principles and financial statement presentations 
 
 discussing with members of the legal department any significant legal, compliance or regulatory matters that may have a material effect on our financial statements, business or compliance policies and 
 
 establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, and for the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

The Audit Committee is currently comprised of three directors: Messrs. Ho, Conley and Wagner. Mr. Ho serves as the Chair of the Audit Committee. Our Board has adopted a written Audit Committee charter that is publicly available in the corporate governance section of our website at www.isoplexis.com. 
 
 Our Board reviews the definition of independence for Audit Committee members on an annual basis and has determined that Messrs. Ho, Conley and Wagner satisfy the independence standards for such committee established by Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, and other SEC and Nasdaq listing standards, as applicable, including Rule 5605(c)(2)(A)(i) and (ii) of the Nasdaq listing standards. 
 
 Our Board has also determined that Messrs. Ho, Conley and Wagner qualify as an audit committee financial experts, as defined in applicable SEC rules. Our Board made a qualitative assessment of Messrs. Ho, Conley and Wagner s level of knowledge and experience based on a number of factors, including Mr. Ho s previous experience as a Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Conley s experience running an investment firm, and Mr. Wagner s experience as the managing director of an investment firm. 

Compensation Committee 
 
 The Compensation Committee is currently comprised of three directors: Messrs. Myers, Shamir and Dr. Wieschhaus. Dr. Myers serves as the Chair of the Compensation Committee. Each of Dr. Myers, Dr. Wieschhaus and Mr. Shamir are independent (as independence is currently defined in Rule 5605(d)(2) of the Nasdaq listing standards). Our Board has adopted a written Compensation Committee charter that is available to stockholders in the corporate governance section of our website at www.isoplexis.com. 
 
 The responsibilities of the Compensation Committee include: 
 
 establishing and approving, and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding, performance goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, evaluating the performance of our Chief Executive Officer in light of those goals and objectives and setting, or recommending to the full board of directors for approval, the Chief Executive Officer s compensation, including incentive-based and equity-based compensation, based on that evaluation; 
 
 setting the compensation of our other executive officers, based in part on recommendations of the Chief Executive Officer; 
 
 exercising administrative authority under our equity incentive plans and employee benefit plans; 
 
 establishing policies and making recommendations to our board of directors regarding director compensation; and 
 
 preparing a compensation committee report on executive compensation as may be required from time to time to be included in our annual proxy statements or annual reports on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. 
 
 Each year, our Compensation Committee reviews with management our executive compensation tables and accompanying narrative disclosure and considers whether to recommend that it be included in proxy statements and other filings. 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Compensation Committee Processes and Procedures 
 
 The agenda for each meeting of the Compensation Committee is usually developed by the Chair of the Compensation Committee, in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer and the Senior Vice President of People Operations. The Compensation Committee meets regularly in executive session. However, from time to time, various members of management and other employees as well as outside advisors or consultants may be invited by the Compensation Committee to make presentations, to provide financial or other background information or advice or to otherwise participate in Compensation Committee meetings. The Chief Executive Officer may not participate in, or be present during, any deliberations or determinations of our Compensation Committee regarding his compensation or individual performance objectives. The charter of the Compensation Committee grants the Compensation Committee full access to all books, records, facilities and personnel of the Company. In addition, under the charter, the Compensation Committee has the authority to obtain, at the expense of the Company, advice and assistance from compensation consultants and internal and external legal, accounting or other advisors and other external resources that the Compensation Committee considers necessary or appropriate in the performance of its duties. The Compensation Committee has direct responsibility for the oversight of the work of any consultants or advisers engaged for the purpose of advising our Compensation Committee. In particular, the Compensation Committee has the sole authority to retain, in its sole discretion, compensation consultants to assist in its evaluation of executive and director compensation, including the authority to approve the consultant s reasonable fees and other retention terms. Under the charter, the Compensation Committee may select, or receive advice from, a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser to the Compensation Committee, other than in-house legal counsel and certain other types of advisers, only after taking into consideration six factors, prescribed by the SEC and Nasdaq, that bear upon the adviser s independence; however, there is no requirement that any adviser be independent. 
 
 In January 2022, after taking into consideration the six factors prescribed by the SEC and Nasdaq described above, IsoPlexis s Compensation Committee engaged F. W. Cook as compensation consultants. F.W. Cook was selected because it is a well-known and respected national compensation consulting firm that commonly provides information, recommendations and other executive compensation advice to compensation committees and management. F. W. Cook developed recommendations that were presented to the Compensation Committee and ultimately, the Board for consideration. In 2022, the Compensation Committee requested that F.W. Cook: 
 
 evaluate the efficacy of our existing compensation strategy and practices in supporting and reinforcing our long-term strategic goals; and 
 
 assist in refining our compensation strategy and in developing and implementing an executive compensation program to execute that strategy. 
 
 Nominating and Governance Committee 
 
 The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for identifying, reviewing and evaluating candidates to serve as directors of our Board (consistent with criteria approved by the Board), reviewing and evaluating incumbent directors, selecting candidates for election to our Board, making recommendations to our Board regarding the membership of the committees of the Board, assessing the performance of management and our Board. The responsibilities of the Nominating and Governance Committee include: 
 
 identifying and recommending director nominees, consistent with criteria approved by the board of directors 
 
 developing and recommending to the board of directors standards to be applied in making determinations as to the absence of material relationships between us and a director and 
 
 developing and recommending corporate governance guidelines to the board of directors. 
 
 The Nominating and Governance Committee is comprised of three directors: Mr. Conley, Dr. Heath and Mr. Shamir. Mr. Conley serves as Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee. All members of our Nominating and Governance Committee are independent (as independence is currently defined in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq listing standards). Our Board has adopted a written Nominating and Governance Committee charter that is available to stockholders in the corporate governance section of our website at www.isoplexis.com. 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 The Nominating and Governance Committee believes that candidates for director should have certain minimum qualifications, including the ability to read and understand basic financial statements, being over 21 years of age and having the highest personal integrity and ethics. Our Nominating and Governance Committee also intends to consider such factors as possessing relevant expertise upon which to be able to offer advice and guidance to management, having sufficient time to devote to the affairs of the Company, demonstrated excellence in his or her field, having the ability to exercise sound business judgment and having the commitment to rigorously represent the long-term interests of our stockholders. However, our Nominating and Governance Committee retains the right to modify these qualifications from time to time. Candidates for director nominees are reviewed in the context of the current composition of the Board, the operating requirements of the Company and the long-term interests of stockholders. In conducting this assessment, our Nominating and Governance Committee typically considers diversity, age, skills and such other factors as it deems appropriate, given our current needs and the needs of our Board, to maintain a balance of knowledge, experience and capability. 
 
 In the case of incumbent directors whose terms of office are set to expire, our Nominating and Governance Committee reviews these directors overall service to the Company during their terms, including the number of meetings attended, level of participation, quality of performance and any other relationships and transactions that might impair the directors independence. In the case of new director candidates, our Nominating and Governance Committee also determines whether the nominee is independent for Nasdaq purposes, which determination is based upon applicable Nasdaq listing standards, applicable SEC rules and regulations and the advice of counsel, if necessary. The Nominating and Governance Committee then uses its network of contacts to compile a list of potential candidates, but may also engage, if it deems appropriate, a professional search firm. The Nominating and Governance Committee conducts any appropriate and necessary inquiries into the backgrounds and qualifications of possible candidates after considering the function and needs of the Board. The Nominating and Governance Committee meets to discuss and consider the candidates qualifications and then selects a nominee for recommendation to the Board by majority vote. 
 
 At this time, the Nominating and Governance Committee does not have a policy with regard to director candidates recommended by stockholders. Our Nominating and Governance Committee believes that it is in the best position to identify, review, evaluate and select qualified candidates for Board membership, based on the comprehensive criteria for Board membership approved by the Board. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 In August, 2021, we adopted our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all officers, directors, employees and agents. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available in the corporate governance section of our website at www.isoplexis.com. If we make any substantive amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or grant any waiver from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to any executive officer or director, we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website. 
 
 Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities (collectively, the "Reporting Persons") to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Reporting Persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 
 
 Based solely on our review of copies of such forms received by us, and on representations made to us, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022, all filing requirements applicable to all officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial shareholders were timely complied with. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 IsoPlexis Executive Compensation 
 
 As an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, we have opted to comply with the executive compensation disclosure rules applicable to smaller reporting companies as such term is defined in the rules promulgated under the Securities Act, which permit us to limit reporting of executive compensation to our principal executive officer and our two other most highly compensated executive officers. Our executive compensation program is designed to attract, motivate and retain high quality leadership and incentivize our executive officers to achieve performance goals over the short- and long-term, which also aligns the interests of our executive officers with those of our shareholders. 

Our named executive officers NEOs for 2022, which consist of our principal executive officer and our two other most highly compensated executive officers, were: 
 
 Sean Mackay, our Chief Executive Officer; 
 
 John Strahley, our Chief Financial Officer; and 
 
 Richard Rew, Senior Vice President, General Counsel Secretary. 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table presents compensation awarded to, earned by and paid to our NEOs for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Option Awards 
 ) (1) 
 Nonequity Incentive Compensation 
 ) (2) 
 All Other Compensation (3) 
 Total ) Sean Mackay , 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 550,000 561,169 330,000 2,325 1,443,494 2021 420,000 5,758,560 210,000 5,550 6,394,110 John Strahley, 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 375,000 192,931 112,500 7,450 687,881 2021 325,000 774,000 113,750 5,362 1,218,112 Richard Rew, 
 Senior VP, General Counsel Secretary 
 2022 400,000 192,931 120,000 6,330 719,261 2021 90,473 177,200 44,000 311,673 
 __________ ______ 
 (1) The amounts reported here do not reflect the actual economic value realized by each NEO. In accordance with SEC rules, these columns represent the grant date fair value of shares underlying stock options, calculated in accordance with Accounting Standards Update 718, Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718). For additional information, see note 2 in Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. The assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value of the stock options reported in this table are set forth in Note 9 in "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements" contained in this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Reflects annual incentive bonuses. See Annual Incentive Awards below for more information. 
 (3) This column reflects the amount of the Company s matching contributions under our 401(k) plan 
 
 Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 
 
 The following describes the material elements of our compensation program for the year ended December 31, 2022 as applicable to our NEOs and reflected in the Summary Compensation Table above. 
 
 Base Salary 
 
 Base salaries for our executive officers were established primarily based on individual negotiations with the executive officers when they joined the Company. In determining compensation for our executive officers, we considered salaries provided to executive officers of our peer companies, each executive officer s anticipated role criticality relative to others 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 at the Company, and our determination of the essential need to attract and retain these executive officers. Shortly after the completion of our Initial Public Offering, the Compensation Committee reviewed the base salary of our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mackay, and determined to raise it from 420,000 annually to 550,000 annually, effective January 1, 2022. The Committee later raised Mr. Strahley s base salary from 325,000 annually to 375,000 annually, also effective January 1, 2022. 
 
 Annual Incentive Awards 
 
 Each of our NEOs is eligible to receive an annual cash bonus, with the target opportunity expressed as a percentage of base salary and payable based upon the achievement of performance goals set annually by our board of directors. On January 25, 2023, the Board, after consultation with the Compensation Committee, unanimously authorized the payment of 2022 bonuses to the Named Executive Officers of 60 of each named executive officer s target based on performance against the 2022 revenue targets and other performance factors determined by the Compensation Committee and the limitations set forth in the Agreement and Plan of Merger between the Company and Berkely Lights dated December 21, 2022. The Board authorized bonuses of 330,000 for Mr. Mackay; 112,500 for Mr. Strahley and 120,000 for Mr. Rew. 
 
 Employee Benefits and Perquisites 
 
 Our NEOs are eligible to participate in our health and welfare plans on the same terms and conditions as provided to our full-time employees generally. We generally do not provide our NEOs with perquisites or other personal benefits. 
 
 Retirement Benefits 
 
 We maintain a 401(k) plan that provides eligible U.S. employees with an opportunity to save for retirement on a tax advantaged basis. Eligible employees are able to defer eligible compensation up to certain Code limits, which are updated annually. Contributions are allocated to each participant s individual account and are then invested in selected investment alternatives according to the participants directions. Employees are immediately and fully vested in their own contributions. The Company may elect to make matching or other contributions into participants individual accounts. The Company did not make any such contributions in 2020, but our board of directors has approved a 3 matching contribution beginning in respect of 2021. The 401(k) plan is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code, with the related trust intended to be tax exempt under Section 501(a) of the Code. As a tax-qualified retirement plan, contributions to the 401(k) plan are deductible by us when made, and contributions and earnings on those amounts are not taxable to the employees until withdrawn or distributed from the 401(k) plan. 
 
 Employment Agreements . 
 
 Of the Company's executive officers, only Messrs. Strahley and Rew are party to an offer letter with the Company (collectively, the Offer Letters ). The Offer Letters provide for a lump sum payment equal to six months' base salary in the event of a termination of employment without cause within 12 months of a change of control, subject to execution and non-revocation of a general release in favor of IsoPlexis. For purposes of the Offer Letters, cause is not defined and is determined by IsoPlexis in its sole discretion. The Offer Letters include a requirement that each executive enters into IsoPlexis' customary Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Invention Assignment Agreement, which includes a perpetual confidentiality covenant and one-year post-employment non-competition and employee and consultant non-solicitation covenants. 
 
 Long-Term Incentive Awards 
 
 We have granted our NEOs from time to time stock options to purchase shares of our common stock, each with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the date of grant and subject to the terms of our 2014 Stock Plan and 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (see Equity Plans below) and the applicable award agreement. Generally 25 of the stock options granted to the NEOs vest upon the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date, with the remainder vesting in 36 equal monthly installments thereafter. Certain of Mr. Mackay s stock options are also subject to performance goals. For more information on the stock options granted to our NEOs and any applicable performance goals, see Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End and accompanying footnote disclosure below. 
 
 On March 31, 2022 the Company granted stock options to our Executive Officers as follows. Mr. Mackay was granted options to purchase 296,100 shares of the Company s common stock at an option price of 3.43/share. The options were 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 granted for a ten (10) year period with 25 vesting on the first anniversary of the date of the grant and the remainder vesting in 36 equal monthly installments thereafter. Mr. Strahley was granted options to purchase 101,800 shares of the Company s common stock at an option price of 3.43/share. The options were granted for a ten (10) year period with 25 vesting on the first anniversary of the date of the grant and the remainder vesting in 36 equal monthly installments thereafter. Mr. Rew was granted options to purchase 101,800 shares of the Company s common stock at an option price of 3.43/share. The options were granted for a ten (10) year period with 25 vesting on the first anniversary of the date of the grant and the remainder vesting in 36 equal monthly installments thereafter. 
 
 In the event a NEO terminates employment for any reason, all unvested stock options are forfeited, unless the NEO is terminated by the Company for cause, in which case both vested and unvested stock options are forfeited. 
 
 In connection with the Merger, each stock option (whether vested or unvested) held by an employee (including our NEOs) who continues employment with the Company following the effective time of the Merger will be, (i) if the exercise price is less than the average closing sale price for a share of the Company's common stock, rounded to the nearest one-tenth of a cent, as reported on Nasdaq for the five most recent trading days ending on and including the third business day prior to the closing date of the Merger, assumed and converted generally on the same terms and conditions (including vesting) into a [Berkeley Lights] stock option (A) with respect to a number of shares of [Berkeley Lights] common stock determined by multiplying (x) the number of shares of the Company's common stock subject to such stock option (with performance-based vesting conditions, if applicable, deemed satisfied in full) immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, by (y) the exchange ratio, and rounding the resulting number down to the nearest whole number of shares of [Berkeley Lights] common stock and (B) with an exercise price per share equal to the number obtained by dividing (x) the exercise price per share of the Company's common stock subject to such stock option immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, by (y) the exchange ratio, and rounding the resulting number up to the nearest whole hundredth of a cent or (ii) if the exercise price is equal to or greater than the average closing sale price for a share of the Company's common stock, rounded to the nearest one-tenth of a cent, as reported on Nasdaq for the five most recent trading days ending on and including the third business day prior to the closing date of the Merger, canceled for no consideration at the effective time of the Merger. 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 
 The following table presents information regarding outstanding equity awards held by our NEOs as of December 31, 2022. 
 Option Awards Name Grant Date Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (#) (1) 
 Options Exercise Price ) Option Expiration Date Sean Mackay 11/01/2015 19,834 0.28 10/31/2025 10/05/2017 140,000 0.73 10/4/2027 10/20/2016 52,000 0.44 10/19/2026 1/16/2018 24,000 0.73 1/15/2028 2/12/2018 48,000 0.73 2/11/2028 6/29/2018 52,000 0.73 6/28/2028 9/27/2018 40,000 0.73 9/26/2028 12/14/2018 96,000 0.96 12/13/2028 04/15/2020 680,000 (2) 
 1.03 4/14/2030 6/21/2021 279,000 465,000 4.81 6/20/2031 3/31/2022 0 296,100 3.43 3/20/2032 John Strahley 12/04/2019 20,000 25,000 1.03 12/03/2029 6/21/2021 37,500 62,500 4.81 6/7/2031 3/31/2022 101,800 3.43 3/30/2032 Richard Rew 12/6/2021 10,000 30,000 8.02 12/5/2031 3/31/2022 101,800 3.43 3/30/2032 
 ________________ 
 (1) These stock options are subject to the time-based vesting schedule described above in Long Term Incentive Awards. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 (2) These stock options were granted subject to the achievement of certain 2020 revenue targets. I n December 2020 our board of directors accelerated the vesting of these stock options. 
 
 Director Compensation for 2022 
 
 In August 2021, prior to our initial public offering, we adopted our Non-Employee Director Compensation Program. Our Non-Employee Director Compensation Program is intended to attract and retain, on a long-term basis, exceptional directors. We intend to periodically evaluate our Non-Employee Director Compensation Program as part of our regular review of our overall compensation strategy. 
 
 Under our Non-Employee Director Compensation Program, each non-employee director receives cash and equity compensation for services on our board of directors. We also reimburse our non-employee directors for reasonable out-of-pocket and documented expenses incurred in attending meetings of the board of directors or any committee thereof. Each non-employee director is entitled to receive an annual retainer of 40,000, payable quarterly in arrears. In addition, the non-executive chair of our board of directors, committee chairs and committee members are entitled to receive the following additional annual retainers, payable quarterly in arrears: 
 
 30,000 for the non-executive chair of our board of directors; 
 15,000 for the chair of our Audit Committee; 
 8,000 for the chair of our Nominating and Governance Committee; 
 10,000 for the chair of our Compensation Committee; 
 7,500 for each other member of our Audit Committee; 
 4,000 for each other member of our Nominating and Governance Committee; and 
 5,000 for each other member of our Compensation Committee. 
 
 Each person who becomes a non-employee director will receive an automatic initial award of a number of stock options to purchase shares of our common stock determined by dividing 374,000 by the grant date closing price of our common stock. This initial award will vest in equal monthly installments over approximately three years, subject to the non-employee director continuing in service through each applicable vesting date. Additionally, on the date of each annual meeting of our stockholders following the effective date of our Non-Employee Director Compensation Program, each non-employee director continuing in service after the meeting will automatically be granted a number of stock options to purchase shares of our common stock determined by dividing 187,000 by the grant date closing price of our common stock. Such annual grants will vest on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of such grants and (ii) the day prior to the date of the next annual meeting following the applicable grant date, in each case, subject to such non-employee director continuing in service through the vesting date. 
 
 The following table summarizes the compensation paid with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 to each of the Company s non-employee directors: 
 Name 
 Fees earned of paid in cash ) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 John G Conley 
 79,277 103,321 
 182,598 Michael Egholm 
 42,935 103,321 
 146,256 James R. Heath 
 44,953 103,321 
 148,274 Gregory P. Ho 
 53,206 
 103,321 
 156,527 Nachum Homi Shamir 
 5,326 206,645 
 211,971 Jason Myers 
 45,440 103,321 
 148,761 Daniel Wagner 
 45,951 

45,951 Adam Wieschhaus 
 
 Siddhartha Kadia 
 37,664 103,321 140,985 
 (1) We utilize the grant date fair value using the Black-Scholes method as described in Note 9 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Paid to Spring Mountain Capital, LP in lieu of Mr. Ho; 
 paid to Connecticut Innovations, Incorporated in lieu of Mr. Wagner 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 In connection with the Merger, each stock option held by a non-employee director (whether vested or unvested) that is either (i) vested or (ii) would become vested solely as a result of the consummation of the Merger, will be exercisable through the date that is ten days prior to the effective time of the Merger. To the extent any such IsoPlexis stock options are unexercised following such date, they will be canceled for no consideration at the effective time. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. As an emerging growth company we will be exempt from certain requirements related to executive compensation, including, but not limited to, the requirements to hold a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and to provide information relating to the ratio of total compensation of our Chief Executive Officer to the median of the annual total compensation of all of our employees, each as required by the Investor Protection and Securities Reform Act of 2010, which is part of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
 
 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 
 
 Other than Mr. Strahley s and Mr. Rew s severance payments described above in the section titled Employment Agreements, none of our NEOs are entitled to any payments or benefits that are payable upon termination or in connection with a change in control of the Company. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding the ownership of our common stock as of February 6, 2023 by: 
 each director; 
 
 each of our named executive officers; 
 
 each stockholder known by us to be beneficial owners of more than 5 of outstanding common stock; and 
 
 all of our current directors and executive officers as a group. 
 
 The number of shares beneficially owned by each stockholder is determined under the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Under these rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the individual or entity has sole or shared voting power or investment power. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by an individual or entity and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of common stock subject to options, warrants or other rights held by such person that are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of February 6, 2023 are considered outstanding, although these shares are not considered outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 
 
 Except as otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table, to our knowledge all persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws. 
 
 Except as otherwise indicated, the address for each stockholder listed below is c/o IsoPlexis Corporation, 35 NE Industrial Rd, Branford, CT 06405. 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Name and address of beneficial owners Shares Beneficially Owned as of February 6, 2023 Percent Owned 5 stockholders: Entities affiliated with Northpond Ventures, LP (1) 
 8,808,531 21.8 Entities affiliated with Spring Mountain Capital, LP (2) 
 6,064,661 15.0 Entities affiliated with Perceptive Advisors LLC (3) 
 4,906,872 12.2 Entities affiliated with North Sound Ventures, LP (4) 
 3,644,418 9.0 Connecticut Innovations, Incorporated (5) 
 2,731,449 6.8 Danaher Innovation Center LLC (6) 
 1,976,791 4.9 Directors and named executive officers: Sean Mackay (7) 
 2,565,891 6.5 John Conley (8) 
 310,905 James Heath (9) 
 327,435 Gregory Ho (10) 
 6,153,708 15.5 Jason Myers (11) 
 105,713 Nachum Shamir (12) 
 247,095 John Strahley (13) 
 215,450 Richard W. Rew II (14) 
 58,783 Daniel Wagner Adam Wieschhaus All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (11 persons) (15) 
 10,122,455 25.5 
 
 Less than 1 
 ________________ 
 
 (1) Represents aggregate amount of beneficially owned shares of IsoPlexis common stock as reported in a Schedule 13D Amendment No. 1 filed by Northpond Ventures, LP Northpond LP ), Northpond Ventures GP, LLC Northpond GP ), Northpond Capital, LP Northpond Capital ), Northpond Capital GP, LLC Northpond Capital GP and Michael P. Rubin on December 22, 2022. As of the date thereof, Northpond LP owned directly 6,727,570 shares of IsoPlexis common stock. Northpond LP has the shared power to vote, or direct the voting of, and the shared power to dispose of, or direct the disposition of, the shares of IsoPlexis common stock held by it. As the general partner of Northpond LP, Northpond GP may be deemed to be the indirect beneficial owner of the 6,727,570 shares of IsoPlexis common stock beneficially owned by Northpond LP. Northpond GP has the shared power to vote, or direct the voting of, and the shared power to dispose of, or direct the disposition of, the shares of IsoPlexis common stock held by Northpond LP. As of the date thereof, Northpond Capital owned directly 2,080,961 shares of IsoPlexis common stock. Northpond Capital has the shared power to vote, or direct the voting of, and the shared power to dispose of, or direct the disposition of, the shares of IsoPlexis common stock held by it. As the general partner of Northpond Capital, Northpond Capital GP may be deemed to be the indirect beneficial owner of the 2,080,961 shares of IsoPlexis common stock beneficially owned by Northpond Capital LP. Northpond Capital GP has the shared power to vote, or direct the voting of, and the shared power to dispose of, or direct the disposition of, the shares of IsoPlexis common stock held by Northpond Capital LP. Michael P. Rubin is the sole managing member of each of Northpond GP and Northpond Capital GP. As a result of the foregoing relationships, Mr. Rubin may be deemed to be the indirect beneficial owner of the 8,808,531 shares of IsoPlexis common stock beneficially owned by Northpond LP and Northpond Capital LP. Mr. Rubin has the shared power to vote, or direct the voting of, and the shared power to dispose of, or direct the disposition of, the shares of IsoPlexis common stock held by Northpond LP and Northpond Capital LP. Each Reporting Person disclaimed beneficial ownership of the securities reported herein except to the extent of his or its pecuniary interest therein. The address of the entities mentioned in this footnote is 7500 Old Georgetown Road, Suite 850, Bethesda, MD 20814. 
 
 (2) Represents aggregate amount of beneficially owned shares of IsoPlexis common stock as reported in a Schedule 13G filed by SMC Growth Capital II GP, LLC and affiliates on January 25, 2022. The securities are directly held by SMC Growth Capital Partners II, LP GCII ), SMC Private Equity Holdings, LP PEH and SMC Holdings II, LP Holdings ). SMC Growth Capital II GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GCII GP ), is the general partner of GCII. SMC Private Equity Holdings G.P., LLC, a Delaware limited liability company PEH GP ), is the general partner of PEH. SMC Holdings II G.P., LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Holdings GP ), is the general partner of Holdings. Spring Mountain Capital G.P., LLC, a Delaware limited liability company SMC GP ), is the managing member of GCII GP and PEH GP. John L. Steffens and Gregory P. Ho each serve as a managing member of SMC GP and Holdings GP. The address of the entities mentioned in this footnote is 650 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor, New York, NY 10022. 
 
 (3) Represents aggregate amount of beneficially owned shares of IsoPlexis common stock as reported in a Schedule 13G Amendment No. 1 filed by Perceptive Advisors LLC and affiliates on January 25, 2022. Neither Perceptive Advisors LLC Perceptive nor Joseph Edelman directly holds any shares of IsoPlexis common stock. Perceptive Life Sciences Master Fund, Ltd. Master Fund directly holds 3,554,587 shares of IsoPlexis common stock. Perceptive Credit Holdings III, LP Perceptive Credit Holdings III 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 directly holds 335,962 shares of IsoPlexis common stock and warrants exercisable for 811,374 shares of IsoPlexis common stock. PCOF EQ AIV III, LP PCOF holds directly 204,949 shares of IsoPlexis common stock. Perceptive Advisors LLC serves as the investment manager to the Master Fund. Perceptive Credit Advisors, LLC Perceptive Credit serves as the investment manager to Perceptive Credit Holdings III and PCOF. Mr. Edelman is the managing member of Perceptive Advisors LLC and Perceptive Credit. The address of Perceptive and Perceptive Credit is 51 Astor Place, 10th Floor, New York, New York 10003. 
 
 (4) Based on the IsoPlexis voting agreement, includes 1,243,987 shares of IsoPlexis common stock held by North Sound Trading, LP NST ), 1,660,995 shares of IsoPlexis common stock held by Brian P Miller and Giovanna R Miller, JTWROS, 549,436 shares of IsoPlexis common stock held by The Miller Family 2011 Trust and 190,000 shares of IsoPlexis common stock held by Brian Paul Miller Roth Contributory IRA. As the general partner of NST and North Sound Ventures, LP NSV ), North Sound Management, Inc. NS Management may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held by NST and NSV. Brian Miller is the sole owner of NS Management and may be deemed to beneficially own the shares of IsoPlexis common stock beneficially owned by NS Management. The address of the entities mentioned in this footnote is 115 East Putnam Avenue, Greenwich, CT 06830. 
 
 (5) Represents aggregate amount of beneficially owned shares of IsoPlexis common stock as reported in a Schedule G Amendment No. 1 filed by Connecticut Innovations, Incorporated CII on February 1, 2023. The address of CII is 470 James Street, Suite 8, New Haven, CT 06513. 
 
 (6) Represents aggregate amount of beneficially owned shares of IsoPlexis common stock as reported in a Schedule 13G Amendment No. 1 filed on January 27, 2023. DHR Ventures LLC DV is a subsidiary of Danaher Corporation. Danaher Corporation may be deemed to beneficially own the shares of IsoPlexis common stock held by DV. The address of DV is 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Suite 800W, Washington, D.C. 20037. 
 
 (7) Includes 1,651,525 shares of IsoPlexis common stock underlying stock options that are currently exercisable as of February 6, 2023 or vest within 60 days of February 6, 2023. 
 
 (8) Includes 174,965 shares of IsoPlexis common stock underlying stock options that are currently exercisable as of February 6, 2023 or vest within 60 days of February 6, 2023, including stock options that are being accelerated in connection with the proposed merger. 
 
 (9) Includes 327,435 shares of IsoPlexis common stock underlying stock options that are currently exercisable as of February 6, 2023 or vest within 60 days of February 6, 2023, including stock options that are being accelerated in connection with the proposed merger. 
 
 (10) Includes (a) 89,047 shares of IsoPlexis common stock underlying stock options that are currently exercisable as of February 6, 2023 or vest within 60 days of February 6, 2023, including stock options that are being accelerated in connection with the proposed merger, and (b) 6,064,661 shares of IsoPlexis common stock directly held by SMC Growth Capital Partners II, LP GCII ), SMC Private Equity Holdings, LP PEH and SMC Holdings II, LP Holdings ). SMC Growth Capital II GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GCII GP ), is the general partner of GCII. SMC Private Equity Holdings G.P., LLC, a Delaware limited liability company PEH GP ), is the general partner of PEH. SMC Holdings II G.P., LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Holdings GP ), is the general partner of Holdings. Spring Mountain Capital G.P., LLC, a Delaware limited liability company SMC GP ), is the managing member of GCII GP and PEH GP. Mr. Ho serves as a managing member of SMC GP and Holdings GP. Mr. Ho disclaims beneficial ownership, within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise, of such portion of the securities held by GCII, PEH and Holdings in which Mr. Ho has no pecuniary interest. 
 
 (11) Includes 105,713 shares of IsoPlexis common stock underlying stock options that are currently exercisable as of February 6, 2023 or vest within 60 days of February 6, 2023, including stock options that are being accelerated in connection with the proposed merger. 
 
 (12) Includes 196,842 shares of IsoPlexis common stock underlying stock options that are currently exercisable as of February 6, 2023 or vest within 60 days of February 6, 2023, including stock options that are being accelerated in connection with the proposed merger. 
 
 (13) Includes 150,450 shares of IsoPlexis common stock underlying stock options that are currently exercisable as of February 6, 2023 or vest within 60 days of February 6, 2023. 
 
 (14) Includes 38,783 shares of IsoPlexis common stock underlying stock options that are currently exercisable as of February 6, 2023 or vest within 60 days of February 6, 2023. 
 
 (15) Includes (a) 2,753,760 shares of IsoPlexis common stock underlying stock options that are currently exercisable as of February 6, 2023 or vest within 60 days of February 6, 2023, including stock options that are being accelerated in connection with the proposed merger, and (b) 6,064,661 shares of IsoPlexis common stock directly held by SMC Growth Capital Partners II, LP, SMC Private Equity Holdings, LP and SMC Holdings II, LP, with respect to which Gregory P. Ho disclaims beneficial ownership, within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise, of such portion in which Mr. Ho has no pecuniary interest. 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following summarizes our equity compensation plan and warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022: 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information (a) (b) (c) Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 6,044,028 3.61 1,898,687 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 6,044,028 3.61 1,898,687 
 See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements- Notes 7 and 9 for a description of our outstanding warrants and stock incentive plan. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Described below are all transactions occurring since January 1, 2021 and all currently proposed transactions to which either we were a party and in which (i) the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000, and (ii) a director, executive officer, holder of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, or any member of such person's immediate family had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and other arrangements, which are described under Executive Compensation. We believe the terms obtained or consideration that we paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm s-length transactions with unrelated third parties. 
 
 Series D Convertible Preferred Stock Financing 
 
 In January 2021, we issued and sold an aggregate of 130,006 shares of our Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock at a purchase price of 76.92 per share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 10.0 million to Northpond Ventures II, LP, an entity affiliated with Northpond Ventures, LP. All shares of our Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock converted to shares of common stock at IPO. 
 
 Credit Agreement and Guaranty 
 
 On December 30, 2020, we closed on a 50.0 million Credit Agreement with a significant equity investor. As of December 31, 2022, the entire credit agreement was drawn. 
 
 On December 28, 2022, the Company entered into a Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty with Perceptive Credit Holdings, III, LP, pursuant to which the interest rate on borrowings was replaced from one-month LIBOR to forward-looking 30-day SOFR term rate Term SOFR as administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited, plus the applicable margin. The minimum Term SOFR rate and applicable margin remain 1.75 and 9.50 , respectively, under the Fourth Amendment. The interest rate was 13.63 at December 31, 2022. Monthly payments of interest-only are due over the term of the loan with no scheduled loan amortization. Amounts borrowed are due and payable on the maturity date, December 30, 2025. The loan is secured by substantially all of the Company s assets. Financial covenants include a 3.0 million minimum cash balance at all times and minimum revenue amounts measured on 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 a quarterly basis. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the minimum cash balance requirement and was not in compliance with the total revenue covenant requirement and has obtained a waiver from the lender of this requirement. The Company has also obtained a waiver pertaining to the existence of a "going concern" qualification in the accompanying opinion of the Company's auditors in its Annual Report on Form 10-K and any resulting event of default. 
 
 In connection with the execution of the Credit Agreement, we issued to Perceptive Credit Holdings III, LP a warrant to purchase up to 97,504 shares of Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock at a price per share equal to 76.92. Upon closing of the IPO on October 12, 2021, the Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock warrant was converted into a warrant exercisable for a total of 811,374 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 9.62 per warrant share. In connection with the Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement dated March 30, 2022, warrants were reissued and the exercise price was changed from 9.62 per warrant share to 6.00 per warrant share. 
 
 Investors Rights Agreement 
 
 We are party to our Sixth Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement (the Investor Rights Agreement ), dated as of December 30, 2020, with certain holders of our capital stock, including entities affiliated with Northpond Ventures, LP, Spring Mountain Capital, LP, Perceptive Advisors LLC, Connecticut Innovations, Incorporated and Danaher Innovation Center LLC. The Investor Rights Agreement provides, among other things, that certain holders of our capital stock have the right to demand that we file a registration statement or request that their shares of capital stock be covered by a registration statement that we are otherwise filing, subject to certain exceptions. The registration and associated rights will expire no later than five years following the completion of our initial public offering (i.e. October 2026). All other rights set forth in the Investor Rights Agreement terminated immediately prior to the completion of our initial public offering. 
 
 Right of First Refusal and Co-Sale Agreement 
 
 We were party to our Sixth Amended and Restated Right of First Refusal and Co-Sale Agreement (the Right of First Refusal Agreement ), dated as of December 30, 2020, under which we have a right of first refusal, and certain holders satisfying an ownership threshold of redeemable convertible preferred stock have a right of first refusal and co-sale, with respect to shares of capital stock that certain stockholders propose to sell to third parties. Entities affiliated with Northpond Ventures, LP, Spring Mountain Capital, LP, Perceptive Advisors LLC, Connecticut Innovations, Incorporated and Danaher Innovation Center LLC are among the parties to the Right of First Refusal Agreement. This Agreement terminated upon completion of the Company s initial public offering. 
 
 Voting Agreements 
 
 We were party to our Sixth Amended and Restated Voting Agreement (the Voting Agreement ), dated as of December 30, 2020, under which certain holders of our capital stock, including Sean Mackay, our Chief Executive Officer, and entities affiliated with Northpond Ventures, LP, Spring Mountain Capital, LP, Perceptive Advisors LLC, Connecticut Innovations, Incorporated and Danaher Innovation Center LLC, have agreed to the manner in which they will vote their shares on certain matters, including the election of directors. See Management Board Composition. In connection with this offering, the Voting Agreement will terminate following completion of this offering and none of our stockholders will have any special rights regarding the election or designation of any members of our board of directors or the voting of our capital stock. This Agreement terminated upon completion of the Company s initial public offering. 
 
 Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, we entered into a voting agreement (the Merger Voting Agreement with certain holders of our capital stock, including Sean Mackay, our Chief Executive Officer, and entities affiliated with Northpond Ventures, LP, Spring Mountain Capital, LP, Perceptive Advisors LLC and Connecticut Innovations, Incorporated. Pursuant to the Merger Voting Agreement, each such stockholder agreed, among other things, (i) to vote all of the shares of our common stock held by such stockholder in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement and the approval of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and against alternative transactions and (ii) subject to certain exceptions, not to transfer shares of our common stock held by such stockholder during the term of the Merger Voting Agreement. 
 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 Indemnification 
 
 We provide indemnification to our directors and officers so that they will be free from undue concern about personal liability in connection with their service to us. Under our Amended and Restated Bylaws and Certificate of Incorporation, we are required to indemnify our directors and officers to the extent not prohibited under Delaware or other applicable law. We have also entered into indemnity agreements with certain officers and directors. These agreements provide, among other things, that we will indemnify the officer or director, under the circumstances and to the extent provided for in the agreement, for expenses, damages, judgments, fines and settlements he or she may be required to pay in actions or proceedings which he or she is or may be made a party by reason of his or her position as a director, officer or other agent of IsoPlexis, and otherwise to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law and our Amended and Restated Bylaws and Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 Related Person Transactions Policy and Procedures 
 
 We have adopted a written Related Person Transactions and SEC Compliance Policy that sets forth our policies and procedures regarding the identification, review, consideration and approval or ratification of related persons transactions. For purposes of our policy only, a related person transaction is a transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which we and any related person are participants involving an amount that exceeds 120,000. Transactions involving compensation for services provided to us as an employee, director, consultant or similar capacity by a related person are not covered by this policy. A related person is any executive officer, director, or more than 5 stockholder of the Company, including any of their immediate family members, and any entity owned or controlled by such persons. 
 
 Under the policy, where a transaction has been identified as a related person transaction, management must present information regarding the proposed related person transaction to our Audit Committee (or, where Audit Committee approval would be inappropriate, to another independent body of our Board) for consideration and approval or ratification. The presentation must include a description of, among other things, the material facts, the interests, direct and indirect, of the related persons, the benefits of the transaction to us and whether any alternative transactions were available. To identify related person transactions in advance, we rely on information supplied by our executive officers, directors and certain significant stockholders. In considering related person transactions, our Audit Committee takes into account the relevant available facts and circumstances including, but not limited to (a) the risks, costs and benefits to us, (b) the impact on a director s independence in the event the related person is a director, immediate family member of a director or an entity with which a director is affiliated, (c) the terms of the transaction, (d) the availability of other sources for comparable services or products and (e) the terms available to or from, as the case may be, unrelated third parties or to or from employees generally. In the event a director has an interest in the proposed transaction, the director must recuse himself or herself from the deliberations and approval. The policy requires that, in determining whether to approve, ratify or reject a related person transaction, our Audit Committee consider, in light of known circumstances, whether the transaction is in, or is not inconsistent with, our best interests and those of our stockholders, as our Audit Committee determines in the good faith exercise of its discretion. 
 
 Independence of the Board of Directors 
 As required under Nasdaq listing standards, a majority of the members of a listed company s Board must qualify as independent, as affirmatively determined by the Board. Our Board consults with our counsel to ensure that the Board s determinations are consistent with relevant securities and other laws and regulations regarding the definition of independent, including those set forth in pertinent listing standards of Nasdaq as in effect from time to time. 
 
 Consistent with these considerations, after review of all relevant identified transactions or relationships between each director, or any of his or her family members, and us, our senior management and our independent auditors, our Board has affirmatively determined that all our directors, with the exception of Sean Mackay, our Chief Executive Officer and President, are independent directors within the meaning of the applicable Nasdaq listing standards. In making this determination, our Board found that none of these directors had a material or other disqualifying relationship with IsoPlexis. 
 
 Our Board considered the relationships between such directors and certain of our investors and determined that such relationships did not affect such directors' independence under Nasdaq listing standards, or, where applicable, under SEC rules. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 The following table represents aggregate fees billed to us for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 by Deloitte Touche LLP, our principal accountant. 
 For the Year Ended (in thousands) 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 Audit Fees (1) 
 997 1,754 Audit-Related Fees Tax Fees All Other Fees Total Fees 997 1,754 
 (1) Audit fees for 2022 and 2021 consist of fees billed for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements, the review of our quarterly financial statements, and audit services that are normally provided by independent registered public accounting firm in connection with regulatory filings and were 997,000 and 846,000 respectively. The audit fees for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 also include fees for professional services provided in connection with our initial public offering, including comfort letters, consents and review of documents filed with the SEC which totaled 908,000. 
 
 All fees described above were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 
 
 Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 
 
 Our Audit Committee has adopted a policy and procedures for the pre-approval of audit and non-audit services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm. The policy generally pre-approves specified services in the defined categories of audit services, audit-related services and tax services up to specified amounts. Pre-approval may also be given as part of our Audit Committee s approval of the scope of the engagement of the independent auditor or on an individual, explicit, case-by-case basis before the independent auditor is engaged to provide each service. The pre-approval of services may be delegated to one or more of our Audit Committee s members, but the decision must be reported to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 
 
 Our Audit Committee has determined that the services other than audit services rendered by Deloitte Touche LLP during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 are compatible with maintaining the principal accountant s independence. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 1. Financial Statements 
 
 We include this portion of Item 15 under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 We include the financial statement schedules required by the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC in the notes to our consolidated financial statements and incorporate that information in this Item 15 by reference. 
 
 3. Exhibits 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 21, 2022, among IsoPlexis Corporation, Berkeley Lights, Inc. and Iceland Merger Sub Inc. 
 8-K 001-40894 2.1 December 21, 2021 3.1 Eighth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of IsoPlexis Corporation 
 8-K 001-40894 3.1 October 13, 2021 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of IsoPlexis Corporation 
 8-K 001-40894 3.2 October 13, 2021 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate of IsoPlexis Corporation 
 S-1/A 333-258046 4.1 August 20, 2021 4.2 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2020, by and among IsoPlexis Corporation and the other parties thereto 
 S-1/A 333-258046 4.2 August 20, 2021 4.3 Warrant Certificate, dated as of December 30, 2020, by and between IsoPlexis Corporation and Perceptive Credit Holdings III, LP 
 S-1 333-258046 4.3 July 20, 2021 4.4 Description of Capital Stock 
 10-K 001-40894 4.4 March 30, 2022 4.5 Amended Warrant Certificate by and between IsoPlexis Corporation and Perceptive Credit Holdings III, LP dated March 30, 2022 
 10-K 001-40894 4.5 March 30, 2022 10.1 Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of December 30, 2020, by and among IsoPlexis Corporation, Perceptive Credit Holdings III, L.P., as administrative agent, and the other parties thereto 
 S-1 333-258046 10.1 July 20, 2021 10.2 First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of May 27, 2021, by and among IsoPlexis Corporation, Perceptive Credit Holdings III, L.P. as administrative agent, and the other parties thereto 
 S-1 333-258046 10.2 July 20, 2021 10.3 Amended and Restated License Agreement, dated as of November 28, 2015, by and between IsoPlexis Corporation and Yale University 
 S-1 333-258046 10.3 July 20, 2021 10.4 Amendment to the License Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2016, by and between IsoPlexis Corporation and Yale University 
 S-1 333-258046 10.4 July 20, 2021 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 10.5 Second Amendment to the License Agreement, dated as of January 8, 2018, by and between IsoPlexis Corporation and Yale University 
 S-1 333-258046 10.5 July 20, 2021 10.6 License Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2017, by and between IsoPlexis Corporation and the California Institute of Technology 
 S-1 333-258046 10.6 July 20, 2021 10.7 Patent Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2021, by and among QIAGEN Sciences, LLC, QIAGEN GmbH and IsoPlexis Corporation 
 S-1 333-258046 10.7 July 20, 2021 10.8 Offer Letter, dated November 18, 2019, by and between IsoPlexis Corporation and John Strahley 
 S-1 333-258046 10.8 July 20, 2021 10.9 Third Amendment to the License Agreement, executed on July 22, 2021 and effective as of April 10, 2021, by and between IsoPlexis Corporation and Yale University 
 S-1/A 333-258046 10.10 August 20, 2021 10.10 Letter Agreement, dated July 22, 2021, by and between IsoPlexis Corporation and Jason Myers 
 S-1/A 333-258046 10.13 August 20, 2021 10.11 IsoPlexis Corporation 2014 Stock Plan 
 S-1/A 333-258046 10.14 August 20, 2021 10.12 Form of Notice of Grant under the IsoPlexis Corporation 2014 Stock Plan 
 S-1/A 333-258046 10.15 August 20, 2021 10.13 IsoPlexis Corporation Non-Employee Director Compensation Program 
 S-1/A 333-258046 10.18 August 20, 2021 10.14 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 S-1/A 333-258046 10.19 September 23, 2021 10.15 IsoPlexis Corporation 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan 
 S-8 333-260161 99.2 October 8, 2021 10.16 IsoPlexis Corporation 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 S-8 333-260161 99.3 October 8, 2021 10.17 Offer Letter, dated September 27, 2021, by and between IsoPlexis Corporation and Richard W. Rew II 
 8-K 001-40894 10.1 October 13, 2021 10.18 Notice of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan 
 10-Q 001-40894 10.21 November 12, 2021 10.19 Notice of Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2021 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan 
 10-Q 001-40894 10.22 November 12, 2021 10.20 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of October 29 , 2021, by and among IsoPlexis Corporation, Perceptive Credit Holdings III, L.P. as administrative agent, and the other parties thereto 
 8-K 001-40894 10.1 November 1, 2021 10.21 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of March 30, 2022, by and among IsoPlexis Corporation, Perceptive Credit Holdings III, L.P. as administrative agent, and the other parties thereto 
 10-K 001-40894 10.24 March 30, 2022 10.22 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of December 28, 2022, bu and among IsoPlexis Corporation, Perceptive Credit Holdings III, L.P. as administrative agent, and the other parties thereto 
 10.23 Limited Waiver, dated November 8, 2022, by and among IsoPlexis Corporation, Perceptive Credit Holdings, L.P., as administrative agent, and the other parties thereto 
 10-Q 001-40894 10.1 November 10, 2022 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 10.24 Voting Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2022, among Berkeley Lights, Inc., Iceland Merger Sub Inc., IsoPlexis Corporation and the stockholders party thereto 
 8-K 001-40894 10.1 December 21, 2022 10.25 Voting Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2022, among IsoPlexis Corporation, Berkeley Lights, Inc., Iceland Merger Sub Inc. and the stockholders party thereto 
 8-K 001-40894 10.2 December 21, 2022 10.26 Amendment No. 1 to Patent Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2022, by and among QIAGEN Sciences, LLC, QIAGEN GmbH and IsoPlexis 
 10.27 Limited Waiver, dated March 1, 2023, by and among IsoPlexis Corporation, Perceptive Credit Holdings, L.P., as administrative agent, and the other parties thereto 
 10.28 Limited Waiver, dated February 13, 2023, by and among IsoPlexis Corporation, Perceptive Credit Holdings, L.P., as administrative agent, and the other parties thereto 
 8-K 001-40894 10.1 February 16, 2023 14.1 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte and Touche LLP 
 31.1 CEO Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 31.2 CFO Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 32.1 CEO Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 32.2 CFO Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Portions of the exhibit, marked by brackets, have been omitted because the omitted information (i) is not material and (ii) is the type of information the Company treats as private or confidential. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of IsoPlexis Corporation under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirement of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 IsoPlexis Corporation By: /s/ Sean Mackay Name: Sean Mackay Title: Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder Date: March 2, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date By: /s/ Sean Mackay Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder and Director Principal Executive Officer 
 March 2, 2023 
 Sean Mackay By: /s/ John Strahley Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer) 
 March 2, 2023 
 John Strahley By: /s/ Rajesh Khakhar Vice President, Finance Principal Accounting Officer) 
 March 2, 2023 
 Rajesh Khakhar By: /s/ John G. Conley Chairman of the Board March 2, 2023 
 John G. Conley By: /s/ James R. Heath Director March 2, 2023 
 James R. Heath By: /s/ Gregory P. Ho Director March 2, 2023 
 Gregory P. Ho By: /s/ Daniel Wagner Director March 2, 2023 
 Daniel Wagner By: /s/ Jason Myers Director March 2, 2023 
 Jason Myers By: /s/ Adam Wieschhaus Director March 2, 2023 
 Adam Wieschhaus By: /s/ Nachum Shamir Director March 2, 2023 
 Nachum Shamir 
 122 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 exhibit44descriptionofcapi.htm
 EX-4.4

Document 

ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following description summarizes the material terms of the capital stock of IsoPlexis Corporation (the Company, we, or us and provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws. The following description is not complete and may not contain all the information you should consider before investing in our capital stock. This description is summarized from, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws and our amended and restated investors rights agreement, each of which is included as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and applicable provisions of Delaware law. 
 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 400,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Our common stockholders are not entitled to cumulative voting in the election of directors. Unless a different vote is required by applicable law or specifically required by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, if a quorum exists at any meeting of stockholders, stockholders shall have approved any matter (other than the election of directors, which is described below) if a majority of votes cast on such matter by stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on such matter are in favor of such matter. Subject to the rights of the holders of any future series of preferred stock to elect directors under specified circumstances, if a quorum exists at any meeting of stockholders, stockholders shall have approved the election of a director if a plurality of the votes cast at any meeting for the election of such director are in favor of such election. 
 
 Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any shares of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor if our board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and only then at the times and in the amounts that our board of directors may determine. 
 
 Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, holders of our common stock will be entitled to receive their ratable share of the net assets of the Company available after payment of all debts and other liabilities, subject to the prior preferential rights and payment of liquidation preferences, if any, of any outstanding shares of preferred stock. Holders of our common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of our common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate in the future. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Our board of directors has the authority, subject to the limitations imposed by Delaware law or the listing rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), without any further vote or action by our stockholders, to issue preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the designations, powers, preferences, limitations and rights of the shares of each series, including 
 
 dividend rates 
 
 conversion rights 
 
 voting rights 
 
 terms of redemption 

liquidation preferences 
 
 sinking fund terms and 
 
 the number of shares constituting each series. 
 
 Satisfaction of any dividend preferences of outstanding shares of preferred stock would reduce the amount of funds available for the payment of dividends on shares of our common stock. Holders of shares of preferred stock may be entitled to receive a preference payment in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up before any payment is made to the holders of shares of our common stock. 
 
 Our board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or could discourage a third party from seeking to acquire, a majority of our outstanding voting stock, and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. There are no current agreements or understandings with respect to the issuance of preferred stock and our board of directors has no present intentions to issue any shares of preferred stock. 
 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Amended and Restated Bylaws and Delaware Law 
 
 Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL may discourage or make more difficult a takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider to be in the stockholder s best interest. These provisions may also adversely affect the prevailing market price for shares of our common stock. We believe that the benefits of increased protection give us the potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us, which may result in an improvement of the terms of any such proposal in favor of our stockholders, and outweigh any potential disadvantage of discouraging those proposals. 
 
 Authorized but Unissued Shares of Capital Stock 
 
 Our authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuance without stockholder approval, subject to the applicable provisions of the DGCL and rules of Nasdaq. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans. 
 
 One of the effects of the existence of authorized but unissued common stock or preferred stock may be to enable our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, which issuance could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby protect the continuity of our management and possibly deprive our stockholders of opportunities to sell their shares of common stock at a price higher than the prevailing market price. 
 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors is divided into three classes of directors, with the classes divided as nearly equal in number as possible. The directors in each class serve for a three-year term, one class being elected each year by our stockholders, with staggered three-year terms. Only one class of directors is elected at each annual meeting of our stockholders, with the other classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year term. These provisions may have the effect of deferring, delaying or discouraging hostile takeovers, or changes in control of us or our management. 
 
 Board Vacancies and Board Size 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws provide that any vacancies, including any newly created directorships, on our board of directors will be filled by the affirmative vote of the majority of the remaining directors then in office, even if such directors constitute less than a quorum, or by a sole 

remaining director. In addition, the number of directors constituting our board of directors is permitted to be set only by a resolution adopted by a majority vote of our board of directors provided that the number of directors shall not be fewer than five and not greater than 15 directors as provided by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. These provisions prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our board of directors and then gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with the stockholder s own nominees. This makes it more difficult to change the composition of our board of directors and promotes continuity of management. 
 
 No Cumulative Voting 
 
 Under the DGCL, stockholders are not entitled to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting. 
 
 Directors Removed Only for Cause 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that stockholders may remove directors only for cause by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 of the voting power of our then outstanding capital stock. 
 
 Stockholder Action and Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our stockholders may not take action by written consent, but may only take action at annual or special meetings of our stockholders. As a result, a holder controlling a majority of our capital stock would not be able to amend our amended and restated bylaws or remove directors without holding a meeting of our stockholders called in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provides that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority of our board of directors, the chairperson of our board of directors or our Chief Executive Officer, thus prohibiting a stockholder from calling a special meeting. These provisions may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for stockholders controlling a majority of our capital stock to take any action, including the removal of directors. 
 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 
 
 Our amended and restated bylaws contain advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, and also specify certain procedural requirements regarding the form, content and timing of such notice. These provisions might preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders if the proper procedures are not followed. We expect that these provisions may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. 
 
 Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 Any amendment, alteration or repeal of our amended and restated bylaws by our stockholders requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all the then outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, although our amended and restated bylaws may be amended by a simple majority vote of our board of directors. 
 
 The DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, is required to amend a corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, unless the corporation s certificate of incorporation requires a greater percentage. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that certain specified provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended, altered or repealed only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all the then outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, including the following provisions 
 
 the provisions providing for a classified board of directors (the election and term of our directors) 
 
 the provisions regarding filling vacancies on our board of directors and newly created directorships 

the provisions regarding resignation and removal of directors 
 
 the provisions regarding stockholder action by written consent 
 
 the provisions regarding calling special meetings of stockholders 
 
 the provision establishing the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation 
 
 the provisions eliminating monetary damages for breaches of fiduciary duty by a director 
 
 the provision requiring a 66 2 3 supermajority vote for stockholders to amend our bylaws and 
 
 the amendment provision requiring that the above provisions be amended only with a 66 2 3 supermajority vote. 
 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law 
 
 We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for three years following the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless 
 
 before such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 
 upon closing of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned by (1) persons who are directors and also officers and (2) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer or 
 
 on or after such date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 
 In general, Section 203 defines a business combination to include mergers, asset sales and other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to a stockholder and an interested stockholder as a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years did own, 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting stock. These provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing changes in control of us. 
 
 Certain Provisions of Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Delaware Law 
 
 Dissenters Rights of Appraisal and Payment 
 
 Under the DGCL, with certain exceptions, our stockholders will have appraisal rights in connection with a merger or consolidation in which we are a constituent entity. Pursuant to the DGCL, stockholders who properly demand and perfect appraisal rights in connection with such merger or consolidation will have the right to receive payment of the fair value of their shares as determined by the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, if any, on the amount determined to be the fair value, from the effective time of the merger or consolidation through the date of payment of the judgment. 
 
 Stockholders Derivative Actions 
 
 Under the DGCL, any of our stockholders may bring an action in our name to procure a judgment in our favor, also known as a derivative action, provided that the stockholder bringing the action is a holder of our shares at the time of the transaction to which the action relates or such stockholder s stock thereafter devolved by operation of law. To bring such an action, the stockholder must otherwise comply with Delaware law regarding derivative actions. 

Exclusive Forum 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or stockholders to us or our stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws or the DGCL, or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and (4) any other action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case, may be brought only in specified courts in the State of Delaware. As described below, this provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or rules and regulations thereunder, or any other claim for which there is exclusive federal or concurrent federal and state jurisdiction. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action against us or any of our directors, officers, employees or agents and arising under the Securities Act. However, Section 22 of the Securities Act provides that federal and state courts have concurrent jurisdiction over lawsuits brought pursuant to the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. To the extent the exclusive forum provision restricts the courts in which claims arising under the Securities Act may be brought, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a provision. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the foregoing provision provided, however, that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. This provision does not apply to claims brought under the Exchange Act. 
 
 We recognize that the forum selection clause in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may impose additional litigation costs on stockholders in pursuing any such claims, particularly if the stockholders do not reside in or near the State of Delaware. Additionally, the forum selection clause in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may limit our stockholders ability to bring a claim in a forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, employees and agents even though an action, if successful, might benefit our stockholders. The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to us than our stockholders. 
 
 Limitation of Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation includes provisions that limit the personal liability of our directors for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties as directors, except to the extent that such limitation is not permitted under the DGCL. Such limitation shall not apply, except to the extent permitted by the DGCL, to (1) any breach of a director s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, (2) acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (3) any unlawful payment of a dividend or unlawful stock repurchase or redemption, as provided in Section 174 of the DGCL, or (4) any transaction from which a director derived an improper personal benefit. These provisions will have no effect on the availability of equitable remedies such as an injunction or rescission based on a director s breach of the director s duty of care. Any amendment to, or repeal of, these provisions will not eliminate or reduce the effect of these provisions in respect of any act, omission or claim that occurred or arose prior to that amendment or repeal. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws provide for indemnification, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, of any person made or threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Company, or, while a director or officer of the Company, at the request of the Company, serves or served as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or any other enterprise, against all expenses, liabilities and other losses reasonably incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of such action, suit or proceeding. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our current directors pursuant to which we have agreed to indemnify each such director to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. We are also expressly authorized to carry directors and officers insurance to protect us and our directors and officers for some liabilities. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy and is therefore unenforceable. 
 
 Registration Rights 
 
 We are party to our sixth amended and restated investors rights agreement (the investor rights agreement ), dated as of December 30, 2020, with certain holders of our capital stock, which provides, in relevant part, that certain holders of our common stock will be entitled to rights with respect to the registration of their shares under the Securities Act as described below. The registration rights set forth in the investor rights agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (i) a deemed liquidation event (such as (a) a merger or consolidation in which we are a constituent party, (b) the sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition by us of all or substantially all of our assets or (c) any transaction to which we are a party in which any entity or person, or a group of related persons or entities, acquires capital stock or other equity securities representing at least a majority of the voting power of the Company (other than in connection with certain financing transactions)) and (ii) October 12, 2026 (five years following the closing of our initial public offering), or, with respect to any particular stockholder, when such stockholder ceases to hold registrable securities (as defined in the investor rights agreement). We will pay the registration expenses (other than underwriting discounts, selling commissions and other selling expenses), including the reasonable fees and disbursements of one counsel, of the holders of the securities registered pursuant to the registrations described below. However, we will not be required to bear the expenses in connection with the exercise of a demand registration if the registration request is subsequently withdrawn at the request of the selling stockholders holding a majority of the securities to be registered (in which case all selling stockholders shall bear such expenses pro rata based upon the number of shares that were to be included in the withdrawn registration), unless such selling stockholders agree to forfeit their right to one future registration. 
 
 S-1 Demand Registration Rights 
 
 Certain holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to certain Form S-1 demand registration rights pursuant to the investor rights agreement. At any time after the earlier of (i) December 30, 2023 and (ii) 180 days after the effective date of the registration statement of our initial public offering, the holders of at least 50 of the registrable securities then outstanding may make a written request that we register the offer and sale of their shares on a registration statement on Form S-1. Such request for registration must cover at least 40 of the registrable securities then outstanding, or a lesser percent if the anticipated aggregate offering price, net of payment of underwriting discounts, selling commissions and other selling expenses, is at least 10.0 million. We are obligated to effect only one such registration. If we determine that it would be materially detrimental to us and our stockholders to effect such a demand registration, we have the right to defer such registration, not more than once in any 12-month period, for a period of up to 120 days. In addition, we will not be required to effect a demand registration during the period beginning 60 days prior to our good faith estimate of the date of the filing and ending on a date 180 days following the effectiveness of a registration statement initiated by us. In addition, in an underwritten public offering, the managing underwriter has the right, subject to specified conditions, to limit the number of shares that such holders may include for registration. 
 
 S-3 Registration Rights 
 
 Certain holders of our common stock are entitled to certain Form S-3 demand registration rights pursuant to the investor rights agreement. The holders of at least 20 of registrable securities then outstanding may make a written request that we register the offer and sale of their shares on a registration statement on Form S-3 if we are eligible to file a registration statement on Form S-3, so long as the request covers securities the anticipated aggregate offering price of which, net of underwriting discounts, selling commissions and other selling expenses, is at least 3.0 million. These stockholders may make an unlimited number of requests for registration on Form S-3. However, we will not be required to effect a registration on Form S-3 if we have effected two such registrations within the 12-month period preceding the date of the request. Additionally, if we determine that it would be materially detrimental to us and our stockholders to effect such a registration, we have the right to defer such registration, not more than once in any 12-month period, for a period of up to 120 days. Further, we will not be required to effect a demand registration during the period beginning 30 days prior to our good faith estimate of the filing of and ending on a date 90 days following the effectiveness of a registration statement initiated by us. In addition, in an underwritten public offering, the managing underwriter has the right, subject to specified conditions, to limit the number of shares that such holders may include for registration. 

Piggyback Registration Rights 
 
 The investor rights agreement provides that if we propose to register the offer and sale of our common stock under the Securities Act, in connection with the public offering of such common stock solely for cash, the holders of registrable securities will be entitled to certain piggyback registration rights allowing the holders to include their shares in such registration, subject to certain marketing and other limitations. As a result, whenever we propose to file a registration statement under the Securities Act, other than with respect to (i) a registration related to the sale of securities to our employees or a subsidiary s employees pursuant to any employee benefit plan, (ii) a registration relating to a transaction covered by Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities Act, (iii) a registration on any registration form that does not include substantially the same information as would be required to be included in a registration statement covering the sale of our registrable securities or (iv) a registration in which the only common stock being offered is common stock issuable upon conversion of debt securities that are also being registered, the holders of these registrable securities are entitled to notice of the registration and have the right, subject to certain limitations, to include their shares in the registration. We will have the right to terminate or withdraw any registration initiated pursuant to such piggyback registration rights described above before the effective date of such registration, whether or not any stockholder has elected to include shares of their common stock in such registration. In addition, in an underwritten public offering, the managing underwriter has the right, subject to specified conditions, to limit the number of shares that such holders may include for registration. 
 
 Listing 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ISO. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. The transfer agent s address is 150 Royall Street, Canton, MA 02021. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-10.23>
 3
 limitedwaiverdatednovemb.htm
 EX-10.23

limitedwaiverdatednovemb 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-10.24>
 4
 isoplexispressrelease202.htm
 EX-10.24

isoplexispressrelease202 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): November 10, 2022 IsoPlexis Corporation (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-40894 46-2179799 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File No.) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 35 NE Industrial Road, Branford, CT 06405 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) (203) 208-4111 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share ISO The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition On November 10, 2022, Isoplexis Corporation issued a press release reporting its financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2022. A copy of the press release is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1. The information furnished with this Item 2.02, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. ITEM 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release of IsoPlexis Corporation, dated November 10, 2022 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 1 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION Date: November 10, 2022 By: /s/ John Strahley Name: John Strahley Title: Chief Financial Officer 2 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-10.25>
 5
 isoplexis-4thamendmentfo.htm
 EX-10.25

isoplexis-4thamendmentfo 

EXECUTION VERSION 4886-8105-0172 7027014 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AND GUARANTY This Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty (herein, this Agreement is entered into as of December 28, 2022 (the Fourth Amendment Effective Date ), by and among IsoPlexis Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Lenders party hereto (each a Lender and collectively, the Lenders and Perceptive Credit Holdings III, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, as a lender and as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent ). R E C I T A L S: A. The Lenders have extended credit to the Borrower on the terms and conditions set forth in that certain Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of December 30, 2020 (as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of May 27, 2021, the Second Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of October 29, 2021 and the Third Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of March 30, 2022, the Existing Credit Agreement and as amended by this Agreement, the Credit Agreement ). B. Certain loans or other extensions of credit under the Existing Credit Agreement bear interest, or incur or are permitted to incur fees, commissions or other amounts, based on LIBOR in accordance with the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement. C. A benchmark transition event (or other analogous or similar event) or an early opt- in election (or other analogous or similar election) has occurred with respect to LIBOR and the applicable parties thereunder have determined in accordance with the Existing Credit Agreement that LIBOR should be replaced with Term SOFR as an alternative benchmark rate for purposes of the Existing Credit Agreement. D. The parties hereto agree to amend the Existing Credit Agreement pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. Incorporation of Recitals; Defined Terms. The parties hereto acknowledge that the Recitals set forth above are true and correct in all material respects. The defined terms in the Recitals set forth above are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference. All other capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the same meanings herein as such terms have in the Credit Agreement. 2. Fourth Amendment to Existing Credit Agreement. Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 5 hereof, the Obligors, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby agree that the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by incorporating the changes shown on the marked copy of the Existing Credit Agreement attached hereto as Annex A. Deletions of text in the Existing Credit Agreement as amended hereby are indicated by struck- through red text, and insertions of text as amended hereby are indicated by underlined blue text. 

-2- Attached hereto as Annex B is a clean copy of the Credit Agreement conformed through the Fourth Amendment. 3. Acknowledgement of Liens and Affirmation of Guarantee. The Obligors hereby acknowledge and agree that the Obligations owing to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders arising out of or in any manner relating to the Loan Documents shall continue to be secured by the Liens granted as security therefor in the Loan Documents, to the extent provided for in the Loan Documents heretofore executed and delivered by such Obligors; and nothing herein contained shall in any manner affect or impair the priority of the Liens created and provided for thereby as to the indebtedness, obligations, and liabilities which would be secured thereby prior to giving effect to this Agreement. The Guarantors hereby reaffirm the Guaranteed Obligations owing to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to the extent provided for in the Credit Agreement, and hereby acknowledge and agree that nothing herein contained shall in any manner affect or impair the Guaranteed Obligations. 4. Entire Agreement; Loan Documents Remain Effective; No Novation; and Modifications. This Agreement and the Loan Documents are intended by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as a final expression of their agreement and are intended as a complete and exclusive statement of the terms and conditions of that agreement. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect to its subject matter and constitutes a complete and exclusive statement of the terms of the agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, the Loan Documents and all of the obligations of the Obligors thereunder, the rights and benefits of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders thereunder, and the Liens created thereby remain in full force and effect. This Agreement is not a novation nor is it to be construed as a release, waiver or modification of any of the terms, conditions, representations, warranties, covenants, rights or remedies set forth in the Loan Documents, except as specifically set forth herein. Without limiting the foregoing, the Obligors agree to comply with all of the terms, conditions, and provisions of the Loan Documents except to the extent such compliance is irreconcilably inconsistent with the express provisions of this Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified except by a written agreement entered into in accordance with Section 13.04 of the Credit Agreement. THIS AGREEMENT REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. 5. Conditions Precedent. This Agreement shall be effective upon receipt by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of executed counterparts of this Agreement duly executed and delivered by each Obligor. 6. Miscellaneous. By its acceptance hereof, each Obligor hereby represents that it has the necessary power and authority to execute, deliver, and perform the undertakings contained herein, and that this Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligation of such Obligor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability without affecting the 

-3- validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provision hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. The parties hereto hereby acknowledge and agree that this Agreement shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and by different parties on separate counterpart signature pages, each of which constitutes an original and all of which taken together constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of a counterpart hereof by facsimile, DocuSign or a scanned copy by electronic mail shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. The provisions contained in Sections 13.09 (Governing Law), 13.10 (Jurisdiction; Service of Process and Venue) and 13.11 (Waiver of Jury Trial) of the Credit Agreement are incorporated herein by reference, mutatis mutandis. [SIGNATURE PAGES TO FOLLOW] 

[Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above. ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION, as Borrower By: ____________________________________ Name: Title: John Strahley Chief Financial Officer DocuSign Envelope ID: 58BF158C-212A-46FE-BCD4-6C8F54AB68D5 

[Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty] PERCEPTIVE CREDIT HOLDINGS III, LP, as Administrative Agent and Lender By: Perceptive Credit Opportunities GP, LLC, its general partner By: ____________________________________ Name: Sandeep Dixit Title: Chief Credit Officer By: ____________________________________ Name: Sam Chawla Title: Portfolio Manager DocuSign Envelope ID: 58BF158C-212A-46FE-BCD4-6C8F54AB68D5 

ANNEX A Marked Credit Agreement See attached. 

EXECUTION VERSION 4853-2066-2739 4894-6356-3836 7027014 CREDIT AGREEMENT AND GUARANTY1 DATED AS OF DECEMBER 30, 2020 AMONG ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION, AS BORROWER, THE GUARANTORS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, AS GUARANTORS, THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, AS LENDERS, AND PERCEPTIVE CREDIT HOLDINGS III, LP, AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND AS A LENDER 50,000,000 1 Conformed to reflect changes from the First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of May 27, 2021, the Second Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of October 29, 2021 and, the Third Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of March 30, 2022, and the Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of December 28, 2022. 

-ii- 

-i- TABLE OF CONTENTS SECTION HEADING PAGE ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS .................................................................................................1 Section 1.01. Certain Defined Terms...........................................................................1 Section 1.02. Accounting Terms and Principles....................................................2529 Section 1.03. Interpretation....................................................................................2530 Section 1.04. Divisions ..........................................................................................2630 Section 1.05. Interest Rates........................................................................................31 ARTICLE 2 THE COMMITMENTS................................................................................2631 Section 2.01. Loans................................................................................................2631 Section 2.02. Proportionate Shares ........................................................................2833 Section 2.03. Fees ..................................................................................................2833 Section 2.04. Notes ................................................................................................2934 Section 2.05. Use of Proceeds................................................................................2934 ARTICLE 3 PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST ................................................2934 Section 3.01. Repayment .......................................................................................2934 Section 3.02. Interest..............................................................................................2934 Section 3.03. Prepayments.....................................................................................3036 ARTICLE 4 PAYMENTS ..............................................................................................3339 Section 4.01. Payments ..........................................................................................3339 Section 4.02. Computations ...................................................................................3440 Section 4.03. Notices .............................................................................................3440 Section 4.04. Set-Off..............................................................................................3440 ARTICLE 5 YIELD PROTECTION ................................................................................3440 Section 5.01. Additional Costs ..............................................................................3440 Section 5.02. Illegality ...........................................................................................3641 Section 5.03. Taxes ................................................................................................3642 Section 5.04. Delay in Requests ............................................................................4046 ARTICLE 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT ........................................................................4046 Section 6.01. Conditions to Tranche A Loan; Closing Date..................................4046 Section 6.02. Conditions to Tranche B Loan; Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date..4349 Section 6.03. Conditions to Tranche C Loan; Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date..4450 Section 6.04. Conditions to Tranche D Loan; Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date .4450 ARTICLE 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES....................................................4551 Section 7.01. Power and Authority ........................................................................4651 

-ii- Section 7.02. Authorization; Enforceability ..........................................................4652 Section 7.03. Governmental and Other Approvals; No Conflicts .........................4652 Section 7.04. Financial Statements; Projections; Material Adverse Change.........4652 Section 7.05. Properties .........................................................................................4753 Section 7.06. No Actions or Proceedings ..............................................................4854 Section 7.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements .........................................4955 Section 7.08. Taxes ................................................................................................4955 Section 7.09. Full Disclosure .................................................................................4955 Section 7.10. Regulation ........................................................................................4955 Section 7.11. Solvency...........................................................................................5055 Section 7.12. Subsidiaries ......................................................................................5056 Section 7.13. Indebtedness and Liens ....................................................................5056 Section 7.14. Material Agreements........................................................................5056 Section 7.15. Restrictive Agreements....................................................................5056 Section 7.16. Real Property ...................................................................................5056 Section 7.17. Pension and Other Plans ..................................................................5056 Section 7.18. Collateral; Security Interest .............................................................5157 Section 7.19. Capitalization ...................................................................................5157 Section 7.20. Insurance ..........................................................................................5157 Section 7.21. Certain Fees .....................................................................................5157 Section 7.22. Sanctions Laws ................................................................................5257 Section 7.23. Anti-Corruption Laws......................................................................5257 Section 7.24. Anti-Terrorism Laws .......................................................................5258 ARTICLE 8 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS AND FINANCIAL COVENANTS.......................5258 Section 8.01. Financial Statements and Other Information ...................................5258 Section 8.02. Notices of Material Events...............................................................5561 Section 8.03. Existence; Maintenance of Properties, Etc ......................................5763 Section 8.04. Payment of Obligations....................................................................5863 Section 8.05. Insurance ..........................................................................................5864 Section 8.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights ............................................5864 Section 8.07. Compliance with Laws ....................................................................5964 Section 8.08. Licenses............................................................................................5965 Section 8.09. Action under Environmental Laws ..................................................5965 Section 8.10. Use of Proceeds................................................................................5965 Section 8.11. Certain Obligations Respecting Subsidiaries; Further Assurances; Intellectual Property.........................................................................5965 Section 8.12. Termination of Non-Permitted Liens...............................................6166 Section 8.13. Non-Consolidation...........................................................................6167 Section 8.14. Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Corruption Laws......................................6167 Section 8.15. Financial Covenants.........................................................................6167 Section 8.16. Maintenance of Material Agreements, Intellectual Property, Etc....6268 Section 8.17. Cash Management............................................................................6268 Section 8.18. Board Observer Rights.....................................................................6368 Section 8.19. Post-Closing Obligations .................................................................6369 

-iii- ARTICLE 9 NEGATIVE COVENANTS ..........................................................................6369 Section 9.01. Indebtedness.....................................................................................6369 Section 9.02. Liens.................................................................................................6470 Section 9.03. Fundamental Changes and Acquisitions..........................................6672 Section 9.04. Lines of Business .............................................................................6672 Section 9.05. Investments ......................................................................................6772 Section 9.06. Restricted Payments.........................................................................6874 Section 9.07. Payments of Indebtedness................................................................6974 Section 9.08. Change in Fiscal Year......................................................................6974 Section 9.09. Sales of Assets, Etc ..........................................................................6974 Section 9.10. Transactions with Affiliates.............................................................7075 Section 9.11. Restrictive Agreements....................................................................7076 Section 9.12. Organizational Documents, Material Agreements...........................7076 Section 9.13. Operating Leases..............................................................................7176 Section 9.14. Sales and Leasebacks.......................................................................7177 Section 9.15. Hazardous Material..........................................................................7177 Section 9.16. Accounting Changes ........................................................................7177 Section 9.17. Compliance with ERISA..................................................................7177 Section 9.18. Deposit Accounts .............................................................................7177 Section 9.19. Outbound Licenses...........................................................................7177 Section 9.20. Inbound Licenses .............................................................................7277 ARTICLE 10 EVENTS OF DEFAULT ..............................................................................7278 Section 10.01. Events of Default .............................................................................7278 Section 10.02. Remedies..........................................................................................7480 Section 10.03. Prepayment Premium and Redemption Price ..................................7580 ARTICLE 11 GUARANTEE............................................................................................7581 Section 11.01. The Guarantee..................................................................................7581 Section 11.02. Obligations Unconditional ...............................................................7581 Section 11.03. Reinstatement...................................................................................7682 Section 11.04. Subrogation ......................................................................................7782 Section 11.05. Remedies..........................................................................................7782 Section 11.06. Instrument for the Payment of Money .............................................7783 Section 11.07. Continuing Guarantee ......................................................................7783 Section 11.08. Rights of Contribution .....................................................................7783 Section 11.09. General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations.................................7883 ARTICLE 12 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT........................................................................7884 Section 12.01. Appointment ....................................................................................7884 Section 12.02. Rights as a Lender............................................................................7884 Section 12.03. Exculpatory Provisions ....................................................................7984 Section 12.04. Reliance by Administrative Agent...................................................8085 Section 12.05. Delegation of Duties ........................................................................8086 

-iv- Section 12.06. Resignation of Agent .......................................................................8086 Section 12.07. Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders............8187 Section 12.08. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim.............................8187 Section 12.09. Collateral and Guaranty Matters; Appointment of Administrative Agent ..........................................................................................................8288 ARTICLE 13 MISCELLANEOUS ....................................................................................8389 Section 13.01. No Waiver........................................................................................8389 Section 13.02. Notices .............................................................................................8389 Section 13.03. Expenses, Indemnification...............................................................8389 Section 13.04. Amendments ....................................................................................8490 Section 13.05. Successors and Assigns....................................................................8591 Section 13.06. Survival ............................................................................................8894 Section 13.07. Captions ...........................................................................................8894 Section 13.08. Counterparts.....................................................................................8894 Section 13.09. GOVERNING LAW........................................................................8894 Section 13.10. JURISDICTION, SERVICE OF PROCESS AND VENUE ...........8994 Section 13.11. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL............................................................8995 Section 13.12. WAIVER OF IMMUNITY..............................................................8995 Section 13.13. Entire Agreement .............................................................................9095 Section 13.14. Severability ......................................................................................9096 Section 13.15. No Fiduciary Relationship ...............................................................9096 Section 13.16. USA Patriot Act ...............................................................................9096 Section 13.17. Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality..........................9096 Section 13.18. Releases of Guarantees and Liens....................................................9197 Section 13.19. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions .......................................................................................9297 SCHEDULES: SCHEDULE 1 Commitments and Warrant Shares SCHEDULE 2 Notice Addresses SCHEDULE 7.03 Certain Consents SCHEDULE 7.05(b) Obligor Intellectual Property SCHEDULE 7.12 Subsidiaries SCHEDULE 7.13A Existing Indebtedness SCHEDULE 7.13B Existing Liens SCHEDULE 7.14 Material Agreements SCHEDULE 7.15 Restrictive Agreements SCHEDULE 7.16 Real Property SCHEDULE 7.17 Pension Matters SCHEDULE 7.19 Capitalization SCHEDULE 7.21 Broker s Fee SCHEDULE 8.19 Post-Closing Obligations SCHEDULE 9.05 Existing Investments SCHEDULE 9.10 Transactions with Affiliates 

-v- EXHIBITS: EXHIBIT A Form of Guarantee Assumption Agreement EXHIBIT B Form of Borrowing Notice EXHIBIT C Form of Note EXHIBIT D Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate EXHIBIT E Form of Compliance Certificate EXHIBIT F Form of Assignment Agreement EXHIBIT G Form of Security Agreement EXHIBIT H-1 Form of Patent Trademark Security Agreement EXHIBIT H-2 Form of Copyright Security Agreement EXHIBIT I Form of Collateral Questionnaire 

CREDIT AGREEMENT AND GUARANTY, dated as of December 30, 2020 (this Agreement ), among ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation Borrower ), certain Guarantors from time to time parties hereto, the lenders from time to time party hereto (each, as a Lender and collectively, the Lenders ), and PERCEPTIVE CREDIT HOLDINGS III, LP, a Delaware limited partnership Perceptive ), as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent ). WITNESSETH: Borrower has requested the Lenders to make term loans to Borrower, and the Lenders are prepared to make such loans on and subject to the terms and conditions hereof. Accordingly, the parties agree as follows: ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS Section 1.01. Certain Defined Terms. As used herein, the following terms have the following respective meanings: Accounting Change has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02. Accounting Change Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02. Acquisition means any transaction, or any series of related transactions, by which any Person directly or indirectly, by means of a take-over bid, tender offer, amalgamation, merger, purchase of assets, or similar transaction having the same effect as any of the foregoing, (a) acquires all or substantially all of the assets of any Person engaged in any business, (b) acquires all or substantially all of a business line or unit or division of any other Person, (c) acquires control of securities of a Person engaged in a business representing more than 50 of the ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body if the business affairs of such Person are managed by a Board or other governing body, or (d) acquires control of more than 50 of the ownership interest in any Person engaged in any business that is not managed by a Board or other governing body. Act has the meaning set forth in Section 13.16. Administrative Agent has the meaning set forth in the introduction hereto. Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common 

-2- Control with the Person specified. Agreement has the meaning set forth in the introduction hereto. Amended and Restated Warrant Certificate means the amended and restated warrant, delivered to the Administrative Agent on the Third Amendment Effective Date that, among other things, grants the holder thereof the right to purchase the number of shares of common stock of Borrower as indicated on the Warrant Shares table on Schedule 1, as the Amended and Restated Warrant Certificate may be further amended, replaced or otherwise modified pursuant to the terms thereof. Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Obligors and their Affiliates concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including, without limitation, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. Anti-Terrorism Laws means any laws or regulations relating to terrorism or money laundering, including, without limitation the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. 5311 et seq.), the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986 (18 U.S.C. 1956 et seq.), the USA Patriot Act and any similar law enacted in the United States after the date of this Agreement. Applicable Margin means 9.50 per annum, as such percentage may be increased by Section 3.02(d). Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. Asset Sale has the meaning set forth in Section 9.09. Assignment Agreement means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee of such Lender in substantially the form of Exhibit F. Available Tenor means, as of the Fourth Amendment Date, the Available Tenor for Term SOFR is an interest period of one (1) month; provided that the Administrative Agent may select to use additional interest periods in accordance with the terms of Section 3.02(c)(iv) and such interest periods shall become Available Tenors upon such selection. Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) 

-3- and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy. Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 3.02(c). Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: (a) Daily Simple SOFR; or (b) The sum of (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. Benchmark Replacement Date means a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent, which date shall be no later than the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition 

-4- Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such 

-5- component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Unavailability Period means, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.02(c) and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.02(c). Beneficial Ownership Regulation has the meaning set forth in Section 13.16. Benefit Plan means any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA to which any Obligor or Subsidiary thereof incurs or otherwise has any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. Board means, with respect to any Person, the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of such Person or any Committee thereof. Borrower has the meaning set forth in the introduction hereto. Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of a Tranche A Loan made by the Lenders on the Closing Date, a Tranche B Loan made by the Lenders on the Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date, a Tranche C Loan made by the Lenders on the Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date or a Tranche D Loan made by the Lenders on the Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date, as applicable. Borrowing Notice means a notice substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are not authorized or required to close in New York City and, when determined in connection with notices and determinations in respect of LIBOR or any Loan or any funding, Interest Period or any payments in respect of the Loans, that is also a day on which dealings in dollar deposits are carried on in the London interbank market. Capital Lease Obligations means, as to any Person, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under a lease of (or other agreement conveying the right to use) real and/or personal Property which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as a capital lease on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP and, for purposes of this Agreement, the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof, determined substantially in accordance with GAAP; provided that any obligations that were not required to be included on the balance sheet of such Person as capital lease obligations when incurred (whether now outstanding or at any time incurred or entered into) but are subsequently re-characterized as capital lease 

-6- obligations due to a change in accounting rules under GAAP after the Closing Date shall for all purposes hereunder not be treated as a Capital Lease Obligation. Casualty Event means any actual or constructive loss, condemnation, destruction, confiscation, requisition, seizure or forfeiture of all or any material portion of the assets of Borrower or any other Obligor, excluding only those assets, individually or in the aggregate, subject to any such event during any calendar year with a fair market value as of the date thereof equal to or less than 1,000,000. Change of Control means (a) any person or group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5 of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof) shall own, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, shares representing 40 or more of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Borrower, (b) Borrower ceases to directly own, beneficially and of record, 100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each of its Subsidiaries, or (c) during any period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months, the occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the Board of Borrower by Persons who were neither (i) nominated by the Board of Borrower, nor (ii) appointed by directors on the Board of Borrower on the Closing Date. Chinese Subsidiary means IsoPlexis Trading Co., Ltd. Claims includes claims, litigation, demands, complaints, grievances, actions, applications, suits, causes of action, orders, charges, indictments, prosecutions, information (brought by a public prosecutor without grand jury indictment) or other similar processes, assessments or reassessments. CLIA means the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) of 1988, as amended from time to time, and the rules, regulations, guidelines, guidance documents and compliance policy guides issued or promulgated thereunder. Closing Date means the Business Day on which all of the conditions set forth in Section 6.01 have been satisfied or waived by the Lenders and the Tranche A Loan is made. Closing Fee has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Collateral means any Property in which a Lien is purported to be granted under any of the Security Documents (or all such Property, as the context may require). Collateral Questionnaire means that certain Collateral Questionnaire and certification by a Responsible Officer of Borrower substantially in the form of attached hereto as Exhibit I and otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender s (a) Tranche A Loan Commitment, (b) Tranche B Loan Commitment, (c) Tranche C Loan Commitment and (d) 

-7- Tranche D Loan Commitment, and Commitments means all such commitments of all Lenders. The aggregate Commitments of all Lenders as of the Third Amendment Effective Date after giving effect to the Tranche A Loan made on the Closing Date, the Tranche B Term Loan made on the Tranche B Borrowing Date and the Tranche C Term Loan made on the Tranche C Borrowing Date is 7,500,000. Committee means, with respect to any board of directors (or other governing body), any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board of directors (or other governing body). Commodity Account has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement. Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(d). Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. Contracts means any contract, license, lease, agreement, obligation, promise, undertaking, understanding, arrangement, document, commitment, entitlement or engagement under which a Person has, or will have, any liability or contingent liability (in each case, whether written or oral, express or implied, and whether in respect of monetary or payment obligations, performance obligations or otherwise), excluding the Loan Documents. Control means, in respect of a particular Person, the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 

-8- Controlled Account has the meaning set forth in Section 8.17(a)(i). Copyrights has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement. Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) SOFR for the day (such day, a SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website, and (b) the Floor. If by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the second (2nd) U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following any SOFR Determination Day, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Day has not been published on the SOFR Administrator s Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Day will be SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator s Website; provided that, any SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple SOFR for no more than three (3) consecutive SOFR Rate Days; provided further, Daily Simple SOFR shall be rounded upwards to the next 1/100 (if necessary). Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. Default means any Event of Default and any event that, upon the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default. Default Rate has the meaning set forth in Section 3.02(d). Deposit Account has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement and relates to such accounts located and/or maintained in the United States of America. Designated Person means a person or entity: (a) listed in the annex to, or otherwise targeted by the provisions of, the Executive Order (as disclosed by World-Check or another reputable commercially available database); (b) named as a Specially Designated National and Blocked Person on the most current list published by OFAC at its official website or any replacement website or other replacement official publication of such list (as disclosed by World-Check or another reputable commercially available database); or (c) with which the Lenders are prohibited from dealing or otherwise engaging in any transaction by any Economic Sanctions Laws. Device means any instrument, apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance, implant, in 

-9- vitro reagent or other similar or related item, including any component, part or accessory, developed by the Obligors. Disqualified Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, any Equity Interest of such Person that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interest into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable upon exercise or otherwise), or upon the happening of any event or condition (i) matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), including pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (ii) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), in whole or in part, (iii) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends or other distributions in cash or other securities that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, or (iv) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case, prior to the date that is one hundred and eighty (180) days after the Stated Maturity Date; provided that, if such Equity Interests are issued pursuant to any plan for the benefit of directors, officers, employees or consultants of such Person or by any such plan to such directors, officers, employees or consultants, such Equity Interests shall not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely because they may be required to be repurchased by such Person upon the death, disability, retirement or termination of employment or service of such director, officer, employee or consultant. Dollars and means lawful money of the United States of America. Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. Economic Sanctions Laws means: (a) the Executive Order, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the Trading with the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq.), any other law or regulation promulgated thereunder from time to time and administered by OFAC and any similar law enacted in the United States after the date of this Agreement; and (b) any other similar applicable law now or hereafter enacted in any other applicable jurisdiction. EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

-10- EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Environmental Law means any federal, state, provincial or local governmental law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction or decree relating to pollution or protection of the environment or the treatment, storage, disposal, release, threatened release or handling of hazardous materials, and all local laws and regulations related to environmental matters and any specific agreements entered into with any competent authorities which include commitments related to environmental matters. Equity Interest means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents, including membership interests (however designated, whether voting or nonvoting), of equity of such Person, including, if such Person is a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited) and any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of property of, such partnership, but excluding debt securities convertible or exchangeable into such equity. ERISA means the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. ERISA Affiliate means, collectively, any Obligor, Subsidiary thereof, and any Person under common control, or treated as a single employer, with any Obligor or Subsidiary thereof, within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code. ERISA Event means (i) a reportable event as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA with respect to a Title IV Plan, excluding, however, such events as to which the PBGC by regulation has waived the requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified within thirty (30) days of the occurrence of such event; (ii) the applicability of the requirements of Section 4043(b) of ERISA with respect to a contributing sponsor, as defined in Section 4001(a)(13) of ERISA, to any Title IV Plan where an event described in paragraph (9), (10), (11), (12) or (13) of Section 4043(c) of ERISA is reasonably expected to occur with respect to such plan within the following thirty (30) days; (iii) a withdrawal by any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof from a Title IV Plan or the termination of any Title IV Plan resulting in liability under Sections 4063 or 4064 of ERISA; (iv) the withdrawal of any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof in a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Section 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan if there is any potential liability therefore, or the receipt by any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is in reorganization or insolvency pursuant to Section 4241 or 4245 of ERISA; (v) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (vi) the imposition of liability on any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof pursuant to Sections 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA; (vii) the failure by any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof to make any required contribution to a Plan, or the failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Title IV Plan 

-11- (whether or not waived in accordance with Section 412(c) of the Code) or the failure to make by its due date a required installment under Section 430 of the Code with respect to any Title IV Plan or the failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (viii) the determination that any Title IV Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered to critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA; (ix) an event or condition which might reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (x) the imposition of any liability under Title I or Title IV of ERISA, other than PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof; (xi) an application for a funding waiver under Section 303 of ERISA or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Title IV Plan; (xii) the occurrence of a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Sections 406 or 407 of ERISA for which any Obligor or any Subsidiary thereof may be directly or indirectly liable; (xiii) a violation of the applicable requirements of Section 404 or 405 of ERISA or the exclusive benefit rule under Section 401(a) of the Code by any fiduciary or disqualified person for which any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof may be directly or indirectly liable; (xiv) the occurrence of an act or omission which could give rise to the imposition on any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof of fines, penalties, Taxes or related charges under Chapter 43 of the Code or under Sections 409, 502(c), (i) or (1) or 4071 of ERISA; (xv) the assertion of a material claim (other than routine claims for benefits) against any Plan or the assets thereof, or against any Obligor or any Subsidiary thereof in connection with any such plan; (xvi) receipt from the IRS of notice of the failure of any Qualified Plan to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code, or the failure of any trust forming part of any Qualified Plan to fail to qualify for exemption from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code; (xvii) the imposition of any lien (or the fulfillment of the conditions for the imposition of any lien) on any of the rights, properties or assets of any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof, in either case pursuant to Title I or IV, including Section 302(f) or 303(k) of ERISA or to Section 401(a)(29) or 430(k) of the Code; or (xviii) the establishment or amendment by any Obligor or any Subsidiary thereof of any welfare plan, as such term is defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA, that provides post-employment welfare benefits in a manner that would increase the liability of any Obligor, other than those benefits required under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act. ERISA Funding Rules means the rules regarding minimum required contributions (including any installment payment thereof) to Title IV Plans, as set forth in Sections 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA. EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. Event of Default has the meaning set forth in Section 10.01. Excess Funding Guarantor has the meaning set forth in Section 11.08. Excess Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 11.08. Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules 

-12- and regulations promulgated thereunder. Excluded Accounts means deposit accounts exclusively used for payroll, payroll taxes and other employee wage and benefit payments to or for the benefit of the employees of Borrower and its Subsidiaries. Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes and branch profits Taxes in each case (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of a Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes that are imposed on amounts payable to Lender to the extent that the obligation to withhold amounts existed on the date that (i) Lender became a Lender under this Agreement or (ii) Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent Lender is a direct or indirect assignee of any other Lender that was entitled, at the time the assignment of such other Lender became effective, to receive additional amounts under Section 5.03 or Lender was entitled to receive additional amounts under Section 5.03 immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) any Taxes imposed in connection with FATCA, and (d) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 5.03(e). Executive Order means the US Executive Order No. 13224 on Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons who commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism. Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Fourth Amendment. Expense Deposit means a cash deposit in the amount of 50,000 made by Borrower to an Affiliate of Perceptive Advisors LLC pursuant to the Proposal Letter for the prepayment of the Lenders costs and expenses (payable pursuant to Section 13.03(a) and/or the Proposal Letter) incurred prior to the Closing Date. FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities entered into in connection with the implementation of the foregoing. First Amendment means the First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of May 27, 2021, among Borrowerthe Obligors, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. First Amendment Effective Date means May 27, 2021. Floor means a rate of interest equal to 1.75 . 

-13- Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. Fourth Amendment means the Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of December 28, 2022, among the Obligors, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. Fourth Amendment Effective Date means December 28, 2022. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, as in effect from time to time, set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, in the statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and in such other statements by such other entity as may be in general use by significant segments of the accounting profession that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination. Subject to Section 1.02, all references to GAAP shall be to GAAP applied consistently with the principles used in the preparation of the financial statements described in Section 7.04(a). Governmental Approval means any consent, authorization, approval, order, license, franchise, permit, certification, accreditation, registration, clearance, exemption, filing or notice that is issued or granted by or from (or pursuant to any act of) any Governmental Authority, including any application or submission related to any of the foregoing. Governmental Authority means any nation, government, branch of power (whether executive, legislative or judicial), state, municipality or other political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, monetary, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including without limitation regulatory authorities, governmental departments, agencies, commissions, bureaus, officials, ministers, courts, bodies, boards, tribunals and dispute settlement panels, and other law-, rule- or regulation-making organizations or entities of any State, territory, county, city or other political subdivision of the United States. Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided, that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the Ordinary Course of Business. Guarantee Assumption Agreement means a Guarantee Assumption Agreement 

-14- substantially in the form of Exhibit A by an entity that, pursuant to Section 8.11(a), is required to become a Guarantor . Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 11.01. Guarantor means, collectively, each Subsidiary of Borrower on the Closing Date or joined as a Guarantor from time to time pursuant to Section 8.11(a). Hazardous Material means any substance, element, chemical, compound, product, solid, gas, liquid, waste, by-product, pollutant, contaminant or material which is hazardous or toxic, and includes, without limitation, (a) asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls and petroleum (including crude oil or any fraction thereof) and (b) any material classified or regulated as hazardous or toxic or words of like import pursuant to an Environmental Law. Hedging Agreement means any interest rate exchange agreement, foreign currency exchange agreement, commodity price protection agreement or other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement. Immaterial Foreign Subsidiary means, as of any date, any Foreign Subsidiary for which (a) the consolidated total assets of such Foreign Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries, when taken together with the consolidated total assets of all other Immaterial Foreign Subsidiaries their subsidiaries, is not in excess of 5.0 of the consolidated total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (b) the aggregate amount of the Total Revenue of such Foreign Subsidiary and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, when taken together with the contribution to Total Revenue of all other Immaterial Foreign Subsidiaries and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, is not in excess of 5.0 of Total Revenue of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case as of the last day of any four quarter period; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, at no time shall any Guarantor existing on the Closing Date or joined hereto pursuant to Section 8.11 subsequently be deemed an Immaterial Foreign Subsidiary. Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to Property acquired by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of Property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business not overdue by more than one hundred twenty (120) days), (f) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on Property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (g) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (h) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, (j) obligations under any Hedging Agreement, currency swaps, forwards, futures or derivatives transactions, (k) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances, (l) all obligations of such Person under license or other agreements containing a guaranteed minimum 

-15- payment or purchase by such Person, (m) any Disqualified Equity Interests of such Person, (n) any earnout obligation at the time such obligation is both required to be reflected as a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and not paid after becoming due and payable and (o) all other obligations required to be classified as indebtedness of such Person under GAAP. The Indebtedness of any Person shall, without duplication, include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 13.03(b). Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any Obligation and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. Ineligible Assignee means (a) a natural person or (b) the Obligors or any of their respective Affiliates. Information has the meaning set forth in Section 13.17. Insolvency Proceeding means (a) any case, action or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors, or (b) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, composition, marshaling of assets for creditors, or other, similar arrangement in respect of any Person s creditors generally or any substantial portion of such Person s creditors, in each case undertaken under U.S. Federal, state or foreign law, including the Bankruptcy Code. Intellectual Property means all Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights, industrial designs, Technical Information, whether registered or not, whether domestic or foreign, including all of the following: (a) applications, registrations, amendments and extensions relating to any Intellectual Property; (b) rights and privileges arising under any applicable Laws with respect to any Intellectual Property; (c) rights to sue for or collect any damages from any past, present or future infringements of any Intellectual Property; and (d) rights of the same or similar effect or nature as described above in any jurisdiction corresponding to any Intellectual Property throughout the world. Interest Period means, (a) initially, the period beginning on (and including) the Closing Date and ending on (and including) the last day of the calendar month in which the Closing Date 

-16- occurs, and (b) thereafter, the period beginning on (and including) the first day of each succeeding calendar month and ending on the earlier of (and including) (x) the last day of such calendar month and (y) the Maturity Date. Invention means any novel, inventive or useful art, apparatus, method, process, machine (including any article or Device), manufacture or composition of matter, or any novel, inventive and useful improvement in any art, method, process, machine (including any article or Device), manufacture or composition of matter. Investment means, for any Person: (a) the acquisition (whether for cash, Property, services or securities or otherwise) of Equity Interests, bonds, notes, debentures, partnership or other ownership interests or other securities of any other Person or any agreement to make any such acquisition (including any short sale or any sale of any securities at a time when such securities are not owned by the Person entering into such sale); (b) the making of any deposit with, or advance, loan, assumption of debt or other extension of credit to, any other Person (including the purchase of Property from another Person subject to an understanding or agreement, contingent or otherwise, to resell such Property to such Person), but excluding any such advance, loan or extension of credit in the nature of an ordinary course trade receivable having a term not exceeding ninety (90) days arising in connection with the sale of services, inventory or supplies by such Person in the Ordinary Course of Business; (c) the entering into of any Guarantee of, or other contingent obligation with respect to, Indebtedness or other liability of any other Person and (without duplication) any amount committed to be advanced, lent or extended to such Person; (d) entering into any joint venture; or (e) the entering into of any Hedging Agreement. The amount of an Investment will be determined at the time the Investment is made without giving effect to any subsequent changes in value. IRS means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or any successor agency, and to the extent relevant, the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state, provincial, territorial, municipal and local statutes, treaties, rules, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. Lenders has the meaning set forth in the introduction hereto. LIBOR means, for any Interest Period, the rate per annum (rounded upwards if necessary, to the next 1/100 equal to the London interbank offered rate for one-month deposits in Dollars appearing on the appropriate Bloomberg screen or the Dow Jones Markets Telerate Page 3750 as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of any Interest Period; provided, that in the event that such rate does not appear on the appropriate Bloomberg screen or the Dow Jones Markets Telerate Page 3750 (or otherwise on the Dow Jones Markets screen) at such time, LIBOR shall be determined by reference to such other comparable 

-17- publicly available service for displaying the offered rate for deposit in Dollars in the London interbank market as may be selected by the Administrative Agent; provided, further, that in no event shall LIBOR be less than 1.75 . Lien means any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge or other security interest, or any lease, title retention agreement, mortgage, restriction, easement, right-of-way, option or adverse claim (of ownership or possession) or other encumbrance of any kind or character whatsoever or any preferential arrangement that has the practical effect of creating a security interest. Loan Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, the Notes, the Security Documents, any Guarantee Assumption Agreement, the Warrant Certificate and any subordination agreement, intercreditor agreement or other present or future document, instrument, agreement or certificate delivered to any Lender in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, in each case, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified. Loan Exposure means, with respect to any Lender, as of any date of determination, the outstanding principal amount of the Loans of such Lender; provided, at any time prior to the making of the Loans, the Loan Exposure of any Lender shall be equal to such Lender s Commitment. Loans means the Tranche A Loan, Tranche B Loan, Tranche C Loan and Tranche D Loan. Loss means judgments, debts, liabilities, expenses, costs, damages or losses, contingent or otherwise, whether liquidated or unliquidated, matured or unmatured, disputed or undisputed, contractual, legal or equitable, including loss of value, professional fees, including fees and disbursements of legal counsel on a full indemnity basis, and all costs incurred in investigating or pursuing any Claim or any proceeding relating to any Claim. Majority Lenders means, at any time, one or more Lenders having or holding Loan Exposure and representing more than 50 of the aggregate Loan Exposure of all Lenders. Margin Stock means margin stock within the meaning of Regulations U and X. Material Adverse Change and Material Adverse Effect mean a material adverse change in or effect on (a) the business, financial condition, operations and performance of the Obligors taken as a whole, (b) the ability of any Obligor to perform its obligations under any Loan Document, (c) the value of the Property comprising Collateral (taken as a whole), or (d) the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of the Loan Documents or the rights and remedies of any Lender under any of the Loan Documents. Material Agreement means (a) any Contract which is listed in Schedule 7.14, (b) any other Contract to which any Obligor is a party or a beneficiary from time to time, or to which any assets or properties of any Obligor is bound, the loss or termination of which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (c) any other Contract to which any Obligor is a party or a guarantor (or equivalent) whether existing as of the date hereof or in the future that 

-18- during any period of twelve (12) consecutive months is reasonably expected to (i) result in payments or receipts (including royalty, licensing or similar payments) made to any Obligor in an aggregate amount in excess of 1,000,000 or (ii) require payments or expenditures (including royalty, licensing or similar payments) made by any Obligor in an aggregate amount in excess of 1,000,000, (d) the Patent Purchase Agreement, (e) the Supply Agreement and (f) the QIAGEN Assumption Agreement. Material Indebtedness means, at any time, any Indebtedness of any Obligor, the outstanding principal amount of which, individually or in the aggregate, exceeds 250,000. Material Intellectual Property means all Obligor Intellectual Property, including those described in Schedule 7.05(b), whether currently owned or licensed, or acquired, developed or otherwise licensed or obtained after the date hereof (a) necessary for the operation of the business of any Obligor as currently conducted or as currently contemplated to be conducted, (b) the loss of which would reasonably be expected to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect or (c) that has a fair market value in excess of 1,000,000. Maturity Date means the earlier to occur of (a) the Stated Maturity Date, and (b) the date on which the Loans are accelerated pursuant to Section 10.02. Multiemployer Plan means any multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 400l(a)(3) of ERISA, to which any ERISA Affiliate incurs or otherwise has any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. Net Cash Proceeds means, (a) with respect to the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness incurred by an Obligor not permitted under Section 9.01, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of the cash received in connection with such incurrence or issuance over (ii) the investment banking fees, underwriting discounts, commissions, costs and other reasonable expenses and other customary expenses (including reasonable attorney s, accountant s and other similar professional advisor s fees), incurred by such Obligor in connection with such incurrence or issuance to third parties (other than any other Obligor or any of their respective Affiliates), (b) with respect to any Casualty Event, the amount of cash proceeds actually received from time to time by or on behalf of an Obligor after deducting therefrom only (i) actual costs and expenses related thereto incurred by such Obligor in connection therewith and (ii) Taxes paid or payable in connection therewith, and (c) with respect to any Asset Sale, the excess, if any, of (i) cash proceeds received in respect of such Asset Sale (including cash proceeds subsequently received (as and when received)) over (ii) the sum of (A) the direct costs of such Asset Sale then payable by the recipient of such proceeds excluding amounts payable to any Obligor, (B) sales and use taxes paid or payable by such recipient as a result thereof, (C) amounts required to be applied to repay principal, interest and prepayment premiums and penalties on Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Lien on the properties subject to such Asset Sale and (D) amounts reserved or deposited in escrow with respect 

-19- to indemnity payments or price adjustments until such amounts are released to the Obligors. Note means a promissory note executed and delivered by Borrower to any Lender in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C. Obligations means, with respect to any Obligor, all amounts, obligations (including, without limitation, all Warrant Obligations), liabilities, covenants and duties of every type and description owing by such Obligor to any Lender or any other Indemnified Party hereunder, arising out of, under, or in connection with, any Loan Document, whether direct or indirect (regardless of whether acquired by assignment), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, whether liquidated or not, now existing or hereafter arising and however acquired, and whether or not evidenced by any instrument for the payment of money, including, without duplication, (a) all Loans, (b) all interest on the Loans (including interest at the Default Rate), whether or not accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or after the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or similar proceeding, and whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in any such proceeding, (c) any Prepayment Premium, and (d) all other fees, expenses (including fees, charges and disbursement of counsel), interest, commissions, charges, costs, disbursements, indemnities and reimbursement of amounts paid and other sums chargeable to such Obligor under any Loan Document. Obligor Intellectual Property means Intellectual Property owned by or licensed to any of the Obligors. Obligors means, collectively, Borrower, each Guarantor and each of their respective successors and permitted assigns. OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (or any successor thereto). Ordinary Course of Business means, with respect to the Obligors, the ordinary course of business generally consistent with past custom and practice (including with respect to nature, scope, magnitude, quantity and frequency). Organizational Documents means (a) with respect to any corporation, its certificate or articles of incorporation or organization, as amended, and its by-laws, as amended, (b) with respect to any limited partnership, its certificate of limited partnership, as amended, and its partnership agreement, as amended, (c) with respect to any general partnership, its partnership agreement, as amended, and (d) with respect to any limited liability company, its articles of organization, as amended, and its operating agreement, as amended. In the event any term or condition of this Agreement or any other Loan Document requires any Organizational Document to be certified by a secretary of state or similar government official, the reference to any such Organizational Document shall only be to a document of a type customarily certified by such government official. Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax 

-20- (other than connections arising solely from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 5.03(g)). Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 13.05(e). Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 13.05(f). Patent Purchase Agreement means that certain asset purchase agreement, as in effect on the First Amendment Effective Date, by and among Borrower, as QIAGEN Sciences, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and QIAGEN GmbH, a German corporation, collectively as sellers, dated as of May 12, 2021, whereby Borrower purchased all rights, privileges, title and interest in and to certain patents, along with the inventions described and claimed in the patents, and all rights to income, royalties and damages for infringement of the patents (the QIAGEN Patents ). Patents has the meaning set forth in the Security Documents. Payment Date means the last day of each Interest Period; provided that if such last day of such Interest Period is not a Business Day, then the Payment Date for such Interest Period will be the next succeeding Business Day. PBGC means the United States Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. Perceptive has the meaning set forth in the introduction hereto. Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR. Permits means all permits, licenses, registrations, certificates, orders, approvals, authorizations, consents, waivers, franchises, variances and similar rights issued by or obtained from any Governmental Authority or any other Person, including, without limitation, those relating to Environmental Laws. Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition by any Obligor or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, by (a) purchase, merger, amalgamation, license or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, all of the Equity Interests of, or a business line or unit or a division 

-21- of, any Person or (b) license arrangement for the rights to use, develop, market or otherwise commercialize any Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights or other Intellectual Property (other than ordinary course, over the counter software license arrangements); provided that: (i) immediately prior to, and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; (ii) all transactions in connection therewith shall be consummated, in all material respects, in accordance with all applicable Laws and in conformity in all material respects with all applicable Governmental Approvals; (iii) in the case of the Acquisition of all of the Equity Interests of such Person, all of the Equity Interests (except for any such securities in the nature of directors qualifying shares required pursuant to applicable Law) acquired, or otherwise issued by such Person or any newly formed Subsidiary of such Obligor in connection with such Acquisition, shall be owned 100 by an Obligor or any other Subsidiary of Borrower, and Borrower shall have taken, or caused to be taken, as of the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary of an Obligor, each of the actions set forth in Section 8.11, if applicable; (iv) such Person (in the case of an Acquisition of Equity Interests) or assets (in the case of an Acquisition of assets or a division) (i) shall be engaged or used, as the case may be, in the same business or lines of business in which Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries are engaged or a business reasonably and substantially related thereto or (ii) shall have a similar customer base as Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries; (v) Borrower shall have provided the Administrative Agent with at least ten (10) Business Days prior written notice of any such Acquisition, together with summaries, prepared in reasonable detail, of all due diligence conducted by or on behalf of Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary prior to such Acquisition; (vi) all of the assets or Equity Interests acquired in connection with such Acquisition shall be of a U.S. Person; (vii) the Acquisition shall have been approved by the Board or other governing body or controlling Person of the Person acquired or the Person from whom such assets or division is acquired; and (viii) on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Acquisition, Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be in compliance with Section 8.15. Permitted Cash Equivalent Investments means (a) marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the United States or any agency or any State thereof having maturities of not more than two (2) years from the date of acquisition, (b) commercial paper with an average maturity of no more than one (1) year and having the highest rating from either Standard Poor s Ratings Group or Moody s Investors Service, Inc., (c) any money market funds or other investment vehicles whose principal investments are in investments described in clauses 

-22- (a) or (b) above, and (d) certificates of deposit maturing no more than one (1) year after issue. Permitted Indebtedness means any Indebtedness permitted under Section 9.01. Permitted Licenses means (a) licenses of over-the-counter software that is commercially available to the public, (b) licenses for the use of Obligor Intellectual Property, in each case, entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business or as otherwise may be approved by the applicable Obligor s Board and so long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time such license is entered into and (ii) such license does not materially impair the Lenders from exercising their rights under any of the Loan Documents and (c) licenses pursuant to the Supply Agreement. Permitted Liens means any Liens permitted under Section 9.02. Permitted Priority Liens means (a) Liens permitted under Section 9.02(d), (e), (f) or (g) and (b) Liens permitted under Section 9.02(b); provided that such Liens are also of the type described in Section 9.02(d), (e), (f) or (g). Permitted Refinancing means, with respect to any Indebtedness permitted to be refinanced, extended, renewed or replaced hereunder, any refinancings, extensions, renewals and replacements of such Indebtedness; provided that such refinancing, extension, renewal or replacement shall not (a) increase the outstanding principal amount of the Indebtedness being refinanced, extended, renewed or replaced, (b) contain terms relating to outstanding principal amount, amortization, interest rate or equivalent yield, maturity, collateral security (if any) or subordination (if any), or other material terms that, taken as a whole, are less favorable in any material respect to any Obligor or the Lenders than the terms of any agreement or instrument governing the Indebtedness being refinanced, (c) contain any new requirement to grant any Lien or to give any Guarantee that was not an existing requirement of the Indebtedness being refinanced and (d) after giving effect to such refinancing, extension, renewal or replacement, no Default shall have occurred (or could reasonably be expected to occur) as a result thereof. Person means any individual, corporation, company, voluntary association, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization or Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature. PFIC has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(j). Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. Prepayment Premium has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(a)(i). Pro Rata Share has the meaning set forth in Section 11.08. 

-23- Prohibited Payment means any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other payment or gift of money or anything of value (including meals or entertainment) to any officer, employee or ceremonial office holder of any government or instrumentality thereof, political party or supra-national organization (such as the United Nations), any political candidate, any royal family member or any other person who is connected or associated personally with any of the foregoing that is prohibited under any Requirement of Law. Projections has the meaning set forth in Section 7.04(b). Property of any Person means any property or assets, or interest therein, of such Person. Proportionate Share means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage obtained by dividing (a) the Loan Exposure of such Lender then in effect by (b) the aggregate Loan Exposure of all Lenders then in effect. Proposal Letter means the letter agreement, dated November 27, 2020, among Borrower and Perceptive Advisors LLC, regarding the transactions contemplated hereby and the outline of proposed terms and conditions attached thereto. Publicly Reporting Company means an issuer generally subject to the public reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. QIAGEN Assumption Agreement means that certain assumption agreement dated as of May 12, 2021 by and among Borrower, QIAGEN Sciences, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and QIAGEN GmbH. Qualified Equity Interest means, with respect to any Person, any Equity Interest of such Person that is not a Disqualified Equity Interest. Qualified Plan means an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) other than a Multiemployer Plan (i) that is or was at any time maintained or sponsored by any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof or to which any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof has ever made, or was ever obligated to make, contributions, and (ii) that is intended to be tax qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code. Qualified Public Offering means the initial firm-commitment underwritten public offering of common Equity Interests of the Borrower pursuant to an effective registration statement filed with the SEC in accordance with the Securities Act of 1933, raising net cash proceeds of at least 50,000,000, and in connection with such offering the common Equity Interests of the Borrower is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market s National Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or another exchange or marketplace acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. Recipient means any Lender or the Administrative Agent. Redemption Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(a). 

-24- Redemption Price has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(a). Register has the meaning set forth in Section 13.05(d). Regulation T means Regulation T of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as amended. Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as amended. Regulation X means Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as amended. Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. Representatives has the meaning set forth in Section 13.17. Requirement of Law means, as to any Person, any Law applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its Properties or revenues. Resignation Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 12.06(a). Responsible Officer of any Person means each of the president, chief executive officer and chief financial officer of such Person. Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other Property) with respect to any Equity Interest of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other Property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such shares of capital stock of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such shares of capital stock of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. Restrictive Agreement means any indenture, agreement, instrument or other binding arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of any Obligor to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its Property (other than (i) customary provisions in contracts (including without limitation leases and in-bound licenses of Intellectual Property) restricting the assignment thereof, (ii) restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement governing secured Permitted Indebtedness permitted under Section 9.01(g), to the extent that such restrictions or conditions apply only to the Property securing such Indebtedness and (iii) software and other Intellectual Property licenses pursuant to which an Obligor is the licensee of the relevant software or Intellectual Property, as the case may be (in which case, any prohibition or limitation shall relate only to the assets or rights subject to the applicable license and/or the license itself)), or (b) the ability of any Obligor to pay dividends or other distributions 

-25- with respect to any shares of its Equity Interests or to make or repay loans or advances to any Obligor or to Guarantee Indebtedness of any Obligor. Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions, requirements or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by Governmental Authorities (including, but not limited to, OFAC, the U.S. Department of State and the U.S. Department of Commerce). Sanctions Laws means all laws, rules, regulations and requirements of any jurisdiction applicable to the Obligors or any party to the Loan Documents concerning or relating to Sanctions, terrorism or money laundering. SEC means United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Second Amendment means the Second Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of October 29, 2021, among Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. Securities Account has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement. Security Agreement means the Security Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, in substantially the form of Exhibit G, among the Obligors, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, granting a security interest in the personal Property constituting Collateral thereunder in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders. Security Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreement, each Short-Form IP Security Agreement, and each other security document, control agreement or financing statement executed to perfect Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders. Short-Form IP Security Agreements means short-form copyright, patent or trademark (as the case may be) security agreements, dated as of the date hereof, in substantially the form of Exhibits H-1 and H-2, entered into by one or more Obligors in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). Solvent means, with respect to any Person at any time, that (a) the present fair saleable value of the Property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities (including contingent liabilities) of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of the Property of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, and (c) such Person has not incurred and does 

-26- not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person s ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature. Stated Maturity Date means the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Closing Date; provided that if such date shall occur on a day that is not a Business Day, then the Stated Maturity Date shall be the immediately succeeding Business Day. Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any time of determination, any other Person of which more than 50 of the outstanding capital stock of such other Person having ordinary voting powers, determined on a fully diluted basis, is at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the parent. Unless the context otherwise specifically requires, the term Subsidiary shall be a reference to a Subsidiary of Borrower. Supply Agreement means that certain supply agreement, as in effect on the First Amendment Effective Date, by and between QIAGEN GmbH, dated as of May 12, 2021, whereby Borrower (a) licenses certain rights in the QIAGEN Patents to QIAGEN GmbH and (b) purchases certain reagents incorporating the QIAGEN Patents. Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Technical Information means all trade secrets and other proprietary or confidential information, which may include any information of a scientific, technical, or business nature in any form or medium, standards and specifications, conceptions, ideas, innovations, discoveries, Invention disclosures, all documented research, developmental, demonstration or engineering work, data, plans, specifications, reports, summaries, experimental data, manuals, models, samples, know-how, technical information, systems, methodologies, computer programs or information technology. Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day; provided, further, Term SOFR shall be rounded upwards to the next 1/100 (if necessary), provided, further, however; if Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 

-27- Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. Third Amendment means the Third Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of March 30, 2022, among Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. Third Amendment Effective Date means March 30, 2022. Title IV Plan means an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) other than a Multiemployer Plan (a) that is or was at any time maintained or sponsored by any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof or to which any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof has ever made, or was obligated to make, contributions, and (b) that is or was subject to Section 412 of the Code, Section 302 of ERISA or Title IV of ERISA. Total Revenue means, with respect to the Obligors, all amounts paid to and received by such Person in the ordinary course of business that, in accordance with GAAP, would be classified as net revenue. Trademarks has the meaning set forth in the Security Documents. Tranche A Loan means each loan advanced by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(a). For purposes of clarification, any calculation of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Tranche A Loan on any date of determination shall mean the aggregate principal amount of the Tranche A Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01(a) that has not yet been repaid as of such date. Tranche A Loan Commitment means the commitment of a Lender to make or otherwise fund a Tranche A Loan and Tranche A Loan Commitments means such commitments of all Lenders in the aggregate. The amount of each Lender s Tranche A Loan Commitment, if any, is set forth on Schedule 1. The aggregate amount of the Tranche A Loan Commitments as of the Closing Date is 25,000,000. Tranche B Loan means each loan advanced by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(b). For purposes of clarification, any calculation of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Tranche B Loan on any date of determination shall mean the aggregate principal amount of the Tranche B Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01(b) that has not yet been repaid as of such date. Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date means with respect to the Tranche B Loan, the Business Day on which all conditions set forth in Section 6.02 have been satisfied or waived by the Lenders and the Tranche B Loan is made hereunder. Tranche B Loan Commitment means the commitment of a Lender to make or otherwise fund a Tranche B Loan and Tranche B Loan Commitments means such commitments of all Lenders in the aggregate. The amount of each Lender s Tranche B Loan Commitment, if any, is 

-28- set forth on Schedule 1. The aggregate amount of the Tranche B Loan Commitments as of the First Amendment Effective Date is 10,000,000. Tranche B Loan Commitment Termination Date means May 28, 2021. Tranche C Loan means each loan advanced by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(c). For purposes of clarification, any calculation of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Tranche C Loan on any date of determination shall mean the aggregate principal amount of the Tranche C Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01(c) that has not yet been repaid as of such date. Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date means with respect to the Tranche C Loan, the Third Amendment Effective Date. Tranche C Loan Commitment means the commitment of a Lender to make or otherwise fund a Tranche C Loan and Tranche C Loan Commitments means such commitments of all Lenders in the aggregate. The amount of each Lender s Tranche C Loan Commitment, if any, is set forth on Schedule 1. The aggregate amount of the Tranche C Loan Commitments after giving effect to the Tranche C Term Loan made on the Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date is 0. Tranche D Loan means each loan advanced by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(d). For purposes of clarification, any calculation of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Tranche D Loan on any date of determination shall mean the aggregate principal amount of the Tranche D Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01(d) that has not yet been repaid as of such date. Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date means with respect to the Tranche D Loan, the Business Day on which all conditions set forth in Section 6.04 have been satisfied or waived by the Lenders and the Tranche D Loan is made hereunder. Tranche D Loan Commitment means the commitment of a Lender to make or otherwise fund a Tranche D Loan and Tranche D Loan Commitments means such commitments of all Lenders in the aggregate. The amount of each Lender s Tranche D Loan Commitment, if any, is set forth on Schedule 1. The aggregate amount of the Tranche D Loan Commitments as of the Third Amendment Effective Date is 7,500,000. Tranche D Loan Commitment Termination Date means June 30, 2022. Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by each Obligor of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Obligor is a party and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including disbursement and application of the proceeds of the Loans. UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of 

-29- such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. Unrestricted Cash means the balance of unencumbered cash (other than cash encumbered by the Liens granted to the Lenders pursuant to the Loan Documents) and Permitted Cash Equivalent Investments (which for greater certainty shall not include any undrawn credit lines), in each case, to the extent held in a Controlled Account. U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(f)(ii)(B)(3). Warrant Certificate means the Amended and Restated Warrant Certificate. Warrant Obligations means, with respect to Borrower, all of its Obligations arising out of, under or in connection with, any Warrant Certificate. Withdrawal Liability means, at any time, any liability incurred (whether or not assessed) by any ERISA Affiliate and not yet satisfied or paid in full at such time with respect to any Multiemployer Plan pursuant to Section 4201 of ERISA. Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. Section 1.02. Accounting Terms and Principles. All accounting determinations required to be made pursuant hereto shall, unless expressly otherwise provided herein, be made substantially 

-30- in accordance with GAAP. If, after the date hereof, any change occurs in GAAP or in the application thereof (an Accounting Change and such change would cause any amount required to be determined for the purposes of the covenants to be maintained or calculated pursuant to Article 8 or 9 to be materially different than the amount that would be determined prior to such change, then Borrower will provide a detailed notice of such change (an Accounting Change Notice to the Administrative Agent in conjunction with the next required delivery of financial statements pursuant to Section 8.01. If Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any Accounting Change occurring after the Closing Date or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision, regardless of whether any Accounting Change Notice is given before or after such Accounting Change or in the application thereof, then the Administrative Agent and Borrower agree that they will negotiate in good faith amendments to the provisions of this Agreement that are directly affected by such Accounting Change with the intent of having the respective positions of the Administrative Agent and Borrower after such Accounting Change conform as nearly as possible to their respective positions as of the date of this Agreement and, until any such amendments have been agreed upon, (a) the provisions in this Agreement shall be calculated as if no such Accounting Change had occurred and (b) Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent a written reconciliation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, between calculations of any baskets and other requirements hereunder before and after giving effect to such Accounting Change. All components of financial calculations made to determine compliance with this Agreement shall be adjusted to include or exclude, as the case may be, without duplication, such components of such calculations attributable to any Acquisition or disposition of assets consummated after the first day of the applicable period of determination and prior to the end of such period, as determined in good faith by Borrower based on assumptions expressed therein and that were reasonable based on the information available to Borrower at the time of preparation of the Compliance Certificate setting forth such calculations. Section 1.03. Interpretation. For all purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided herein or unless the context otherwise requires, (a) the terms defined in this Agreement include the plural as well as the singular and vice versa; (b) words importing gender include all genders; (c) any reference to a Section, Article, Annex, Schedule or Exhibit refers to a Section or Article of, or Annex, Schedule or Exhibit to, this Agreement; (d) any reference to this Agreement refers to this Agreement, including all Annexes, Schedules and Exhibits hereto, and the words herein, hereof, hereto and hereunder and words of similar import refer to this Agreement and its Annexes, Schedules and Exhibits as a whole and not to any particular Section, Article, Annex, Schedule, Exhibit or any other subdivision; (e) references to days, months and years refer to calendar days, months and years, respectively; (f) all references herein to include or including shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation (g) the word from when used in connection with a period of time means from and including and the word until means to but not including and (h) accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed substantially in accordance with GAAP (except for the term property, which shall be interpreted as broadly as possible, including, in any case, cash, securities, other assets, rights under contractual obligations and permits and any right or interest in any property, except where otherwise noted). Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, references to organizational documents, agreements (including the Loan Documents) and other contractual instruments shall 

-31- be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications thereto permitted by the Loan Documents. Section 1.04. Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. Section 1.05. Interest Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. ARTICLE 2 THE COMMITMENTS Section 2.01. Loans. (a) Tranche A Loan. (i) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and relying on the representations and warranties set forth herein, each Lender, severally and not jointly, agrees to provide its share of the Tranche A Loan to Borrower on the Closing Date in Dollars in a principal amount equal to such Lender s Tranche A Loan Commitment. No Lender shall have an obligation to make a Tranche A Loan in excess of such Lender s 

-32- Tranche A Loan Commitment. (ii) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Section 6.01), Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Borrowing Notice no later than 5 p.m. (New York City time) at least one (1) Business Day in advance of the Closing Date. (iii) Borrower may make one borrowing under the Tranche A Loan Commitment which shall be on the Closing Date. Subject to Section 3.03, all amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Tranche A Loan shall be paid in full no later than the Maturity Date. Each Lender s Tranche A Loan Commitment shall terminate immediately and without further action on the Closing Date after giving effect to the funding of such Lender s Tranche A Loan Commitment on such date. (b) Tranche B Loan. (i) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and relying on the representations and warranties set forth herein, each Lender, severally and not jointly, agrees to provide its share of the Tranche B Loan to Borrower on the Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date in Dollars in a principal amount equal to such Lender s Tranche B Loan Commitment. No Lender shall have an obligation to make a Tranche B Loan in excess of such Lender s Tranche B Loan Commitment. (ii) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Section 6.02), Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Borrowing Notice no later than 5 p.m. (New York City time) at least three (3) Business Days in advance of the proposed Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date. (iii) Borrower may make one borrowing under the Tranche B Loan Commitment which shall be on the Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date. Subject to Section 3.03, all amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Tranche B Loan shall be paid in full no later than the Maturity Date. Each Lender s Tranche B Loan Commitment shall terminate immediately and without further action on the earlier of (x) the Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date after giving effect to the funding of such Lender s Tranche B Loan Commitment on such date and (y) the Tranche B Loan Commitment Termination Date. (c) Tranche C Loan. (i) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and relying on the representations and warranties set forth herein, each Lender, severally and not jointly, agrees to provide its share of the Tranche C Loan to Borrower on the Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date in Dollars in a principal amount equal to such Lender s Tranche C Loan Commitment. No Lender shall have an obligation to make a Tranche C Loan in excess of such Lender s Tranche C Loan Commitment. (ii) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Section 

-33- 6.03), Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Borrowing Notice no later than 5 p.m. (New York City time) at least three (3) Business Days in advance of the proposed Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date. (iii) Borrower may make one borrowing under the Tranche C Loan Commitment which shall be on the Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date. Subject to Section 3.03, all amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Tranche C Loan shall be paid in full no later than the Maturity Date. (d) Tranche D Loan. (i) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and relying on the representations and warranties set forth herein, each Lender, severally and not jointly, agrees to provide its share of the Tranche D Loan to Borrower on the Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date in Dollars in a principal amount equal to such Lender s Tranche D Loan Commitment. No Lender shall have an obligation to make a Tranche D Loan in excess of such Lender s Tranche D Loan Commitment. (ii) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Section 6.04), Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Borrowing Notice no later than 5 p.m. (New York City time) at least three (3) Business Days in advance of the proposed Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date. (iii) Borrower may make one borrowing under the Tranche D Loan Commitment which shall be on the Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date. Subject to Section 3.03, all amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Tranche D Loan shall be paid in full no later than the Maturity Date. Each Lender s Tranche D Loan Commitment shall terminate immediately and without further action on the earlier of (x) the Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date after giving effect to the funding of such Lender s Tranche D Loan Commitment on such date and (y) the Tranche D Loan Commitment Termination Date. (e) Any principal amount of any Loans borrowed under Section 2.01(a), 2.01(b), 2.01(c) or 2.01(d) hereof and subsequently repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Section 2.02. Proportionate Shares. All Loans shall be made, and all participations purchased, by the Lenders simultaneously and proportionately to their respective Proportionate Shares, it being understood that no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender in such other Lender s obligation to make a Loan hereunder or purchase a participation required hereby nor shall the Commitment of any Lender be increased or decreased as a result of a default by any other Lender in such other Lender s obligation to make a Loan requested hereunder or purchase a participation required hereby. Section 2.03. Fees. On the Closing Date, Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent (out of the proceeds of the Tranche A Loan advanced by such Lenders on the Closing Date) for 

-34- distribution to each Lender in accordance with its pro rata share of Loans, a non-refundable fee (the Closing Fee in the amount of 750,000. Payment of the Closing Fee shall be in addition to such fees, costs and expenses due and payable pursuant to Section 12.03. Section 2.04. Notes. Upon the request of any Lender, Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender one or more Notes evidencing the Loans payable to such Lender (or if requested by it, to it and its registered assigns). Section 2.05. Use of Proceeds. Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Loans (a) for general working capital purposes and corporate purposes, (b) to refinance certain existing Indebtedness on the Closing Date and (c) to pay, in accordance with the funds flow attached to the Borrowing Notice, fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions. ARTICLE 3 PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST Section 3.01. Repayment. There will be no scheduled repayments of principal on the Loans prior to the Maturity Date. The entire outstanding principal amount of the Loans, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, will be due and payable on the Maturity Date. Section 3.02. Interest. (a) Interest Generally. Borrower agrees to pay to the Lenders interest in cash on the outstanding principal amount of the Loans for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the sum of (i) LIBORTerm SOFR plus (ii) the Applicable Margin. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, interest due and payable on December 31, 2022 shall accrue and be payable as set forth in the Existing Credit Agreement without giving effect to the Fourth Amendment. (b) LIBOR Not Determinable. If on or before the day on which LIBOR is to be determined, the Majority Lenders reasonably determine that (i) LIBOR cannot be determined for any reason, (ii) LIBOR will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost of maintaining the Loans or (iii) Dollar deposits in the principal amount of the Loans are not available in the London interbank market, the Majority Lenders shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, give written notice of such determination to Borrower and the Administrative Agent. Upon any such determination, LIBOR shall be LIBOR as of the end of the immediately preceding Interest Period and shall at all times thereafter bear interest at LIBOR as of the end of the immediately preceding Interest Period. Each determination by the Majority Lenders hereunder shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. (c) Replacement to LIBOR. If at any time the Administrative Agent reasonably determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (i) the circumstances set forth in clause (b)(i) of this Section have arisen and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or (ii) the circumstances set forth in clause (b)(i) of this Section have not arisen but the supervisor for the administrator of LIBOR has made a public statement identifying a 

-35- specific date after which LIBOR shall no longer be used for determining interest rates for loans, then the Administrative Agent and Borrower shall endeavor to establish an alternate rate of interest to LIBOR that gives due consideration to the then-prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest for syndicated loans in the United States at such time, and shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement to reflect such alternate rate of interest and such other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable; provided that, if such alternate rate of interest shall be less than 1.75 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1.75 for the purposes of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 13.04, such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement so long as the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five (5) Business Days of the date notice of such alternate rate of interest is provided to the Lenders, a written notice from the Majority Lenders stating that such Lenders object to such amendment (b) Term SOFR Conforming Changes. In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. (c) Effect of Benchmark Transition Event. (i) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Majority Lenders. (ii) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such 

-36- Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to the Loan Documents. (iii) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (x) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (y) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders pursuant to this Section 3.02(c) including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.02(c). (iv) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (x) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (y) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (x) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (d) Default Interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Applicable Margin shall increase automatically by 4.00 per annum (the interest rate, as increased pursuant to this Section 3.02(d), being the Default Rate ). Notwithstanding any other provision herein, if interest is required to be paid at the Default Rate, it shall also be paid entirely in cash. If any Obligation is not paid when due under any applicable Loan Document, the amount thereof shall accrue interest at the Default Rate. Payment or acceptance of the increased rates of interest provided for in this Section 3.02(d) is not a permitted alternative to timely payment and shall not constitute a waiver of any Default or otherwise prejudice or limit any rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. (e) Payment Dates. Accrued interest on the Loans shall be payable in arrears on each Payment Date with respect to the most recently completed Interest Period in cash, and upon the 

-37- payment or prepayment of the Loans (on the principal amount being so paid or prepaid); provided that interest payable at the Default Rate shall be payable from time to time on demand by the Majority Lenders. (f) Maximum Rate. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in no event will any interest or rates referred to herein exceed the maximum interest rate permitted by applicable Law. If such maximum interest rate would be exceeded by the terms hereof, the rates of interest payable hereunder will be reduced to the extent necessary so that such rates (together with any fees or other amounts which are construed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be interest or in the nature of interest) equal the maximum interest rate permitted by applicable Law and any overpayment of interest received by the Lenders before such rates are so construed will be applied, forthwith after determination of such overpayment, to pay all then outstanding interest, and thereafter to pay outstanding principal. Section 3.03. Prepayments. (a) Optional Prepayments. (i) Borrower shall have the right to optionally prepay in whole or in part (in a minimum amount of 500,000 and integral multiples of 100,000 in excess of that amount for each partial prepayment, or, if less, the entire outstanding principal amount of the Loans) the outstanding principal amount of the Loans on any Business Day (a Redemption Date for an amount equal to the sum of (x) the aggregate principal amount of the Loans being prepaid, (y) the prepayment premium set forth in clause (ii) below (the Prepayment Premium and (z) any accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the aggregate principal amount of the Loans being prepaid (such aggregate amount, the Redemption Price ). The applicable Prepayment Premium shall be an amount calculated pursuant to Section 3.03(a)(ii). (ii) If the Redemption Date occurs: (A) on or prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, the Prepayment Premium shall be an amount equal to seven percent (7 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans being prepaid on such Redemption Date; (B) after the first anniversary of the Closing Date and on or prior to the second anniversary of the Closing Date, the Prepayment Premium shall be an amount equal to six percent (6 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans being prepaid on such Redemption Date; (C) after the second anniversary of the Closing Date and on or prior to the third anniversary of the Closing Date, the Prepayment Premium shall be an amount equal to four percent (4 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans being prepaid on such Redemption Date; (D) after the third anniversary of the Closing Date and on or prior to the fourth anniversary of the Closing Date, the Prepayment Premium shall be an 

-38- amount equal to three percent (3 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans being prepaid on such Redemption Date; and (E) after the fourth anniversary of the Closing Date and prior to the Stated Maturity Date, the Prepayment Premium shall be an amount equal to two percent (2 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans being prepaid on such Redemption Date. No Prepayment Premium shall be due with respect to repayment of the Loans on the Stated Maturity Date. (iii) Payment of any Prepayment Premium under this Section 3.03 constitutes liquidated damages, not unmatured interest or a penalty, as the actual amount of damages to the Lenders as a result of the relevant triggering event, prepayment or repayment would be impracticable and extremely difficult to ascertain. Accordingly, any Prepayment Premium hereunder is provided by mutual agreement of the Obligors and the Lenders as a reasonable estimation and calculation of such actual lost profits and other actual damages of the Lenders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that upon the occurrence of any prepayment event, any Prepayment Premium shall be automatically and immediately due and payable as though any prepaid or repaid portion of the Loans were voluntarily prepaid as of such date and shall constitute part of the Obligations secured by the Collateral. Any Prepayment Premium shall also be automatically and immediately due and payable if the Loans are satisfied or released by foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding or otherwise), deed in lieu of foreclosure or by any other means. EACH OBLIGOR HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES (TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY LAWFULLY DO SO) THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR OTHER LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF THE FOREGOING PREPAYMENT PREMIUM IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH EVENTS. Borrower and the other Obligors expressly agree (to the fullest extent it and they may lawfully do so) that with respect to any Prepayment Premium payable under the terms of this Agreement: (A) such Prepayment Premium is reasonable and is the product of an arm s length transaction between sophisticated business parties, ably represented by counsel; (B) such Prepayment Premium shall be payable notwithstanding the then-prevailing market rates at the time payment is made; (C) there has been a course of conduct between the Lenders and the Obligors giving specific consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay such Prepayment Premium; and (D) the Obligors shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as agreed to in this paragraph. The Obligors expressly acknowledge that their agreement to pay such Prepayment Premium as herein described is a material inducement to the Lenders to provide the Commitments and to make the Loans. 

-39- (b) Mandatory Prepayments. Borrower shall prepay the Loans in amounts as provided below, plus the Prepayment Premium on the principal amount of the Loans being prepaid (calculated in accordance with Section 3.03(a)(ii), it being agreed that the relevant payment date shall be deemed to be the Redemption Date for purposes of such calculation), plus any accrued but unpaid interest and fees then due and owing, as follows: (i) In the event of any Casualty Event, an amount equal to 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds received by any Obligor with respect thereto; provided, however, so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, within one hundred eighty (180) days after receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds, the Obligors may apply the Net Cash Proceeds of any casualty policy up to 1,000,000 with respect to any loss, but not exceeding 2,000,000 in the aggregate for all losses under all casualty policies during the term of this Agreement, toward the replacement or repair of destroyed or damaged property; provided, further, that any such replaced or repaired property shall be Collateral in which the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders has been granted a security interest under the Security Documents. (ii) In the event any Obligor incurs Indebtedness other than Indebtedness that is permitted by Section 9.01 hereof, 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds thereof received by such Obligor. For the avoidance of doubt, any partial prepayment made pursuant to this Section 3.03(b)(ii) shall not be deemed to be a consent to any such incurrence of Indebtedness or a cure or waiver of any Event of Default which occurs in connection therewith, it being understood that any such Event of Default may only be waived with the express consent of the Majority Lenders. (iii) In the event any Obligor consummates an Asset Sale other than an Asset Sale that is permitted by Section 9.09 hereof (other than Section 9.09(i)), 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Obligor in connection with such Asset Sale; provided, however, so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, within one hundred eighty (180) days after receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds, the Obligors may use such Net Cash Proceeds not exceeding 500,000 in the aggregate for all Asset Sales during the term of this Agreement, to purchase, replace, repair or restore properties or assets used in the Obligors businesses; provided, further, that any such purchased, replaced, repaired or restored property shall be Collateral in which the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders has been granted a security interest under the Security Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, any partial prepayment made pursuant to this Section 3.03(b)(iii) shall not be deemed to be a consent to any Asset Sale or a cure or waiver of any Event of Default which occurs in connection therewith, it being understood that any such Event of Default may only be waived with the express consent of the Majority Lenders. 

-40- ARTICLE 4 PAYMENTS Section 4.01. Payments. (a) Payments Generally. Each payment of principal, interest and other amounts to be made by the Obligors under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made in Dollars, in immediately available funds, without deduction, set off or counterclaim, to the deposit account of the Administrative Agent specified to Borrower from time to time, not later than 2:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the date on which such payment shall become due (each such payment made after such time on such due date to be deemed to have been made on the next succeeding Business Day). (b) Application of Payments. Each payment under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be applied in the following order of priority, with proceeds being applied to a succeeding level of priority only if amounts owing pursuant to the immediately preceding level of priority have been paid in full in cash: (i) first, to the payment of any unpaid costs and expenses referred to in Section 13.03(a) then due and owing; (ii) second, in reduction of Borrower s obligation to pay any unpaid interest and any fees then due and owing including, without limitation, (x) interest payable pursuant to Section 3.02(d) and (y) any Prepayment Premium, if applicable; (iii) third, in reduction of Borrower s obligation to pay any Claims or Losses referred to in Section 13.03(b) then due and owing; (iv) fourth, to the payment of unpaid principal of the Loans on a pro rata basis; (v) fifth, in reduction of any other Obligation then due and owing; and (vi) sixth, to Borrower or such other Persons as may lawfully be entitled to or directed by Borrower to receive the remainder. Unless otherwise directed by the Majority Lenders, all payments of principal, interest and fees under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be made by the Obligors to the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Lenders respective Proportionate Shares of such payments. (c) Non-Business Days. If the due date of any payment under this Agreement (whether in respect of principal, interest, fees, costs or otherwise) would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, such date shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. Section 4.02. Computations. All computations of interest and fees hereunder shall be 

-41- computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed during the period for which payable. Section 4.03. Notices. Each notice of optional prepayment shall be effective only if received by the Lenders not later than 2:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the date three (3) Business Days prior to the date of prepayment. Each notice of optional prepayment shall specify the amount to be prepaid and the date of prepayment. Section 4.04. Set-Off. (a) Set-Off Generally. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and each of their respective Affiliates are hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by the Lenders or such Affiliates to or for the credit or the account of any Obligor against any and all of the Obligations, whether or not the Lenders shall have made any demand and although such Obligations may be unmatured. Any Person exercising rights of set-off hereunder agrees to promptly notify Borrower after any such set-off and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of the Lenders and their respective Affiliates under this Section 4.04 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of set-off) that the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may have. (b) Exercise of Rights Not Required. Nothing contained herein shall require the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any of their respective Affiliates to exercise any such right or shall affect the right of such Persons to exercise, and retain the benefits of exercising, any such right with respect to any other indebtedness or obligation of any Obligor. ARTICLE 5 YIELD PROTECTION Section 5.01. Additional Costs. (a) Change in Requirements of Law Generally. If, on or after the date hereof, the adoption of any Requirement of Law, or any change in any Requirement of Law, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any court or other Governmental Authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any Lender (or its lending office) with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any such Governmental Authority, shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve (including any such requirement imposed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), special deposit, contribution, insurance assessment or similar requirement, in each case that becomes effective after the date hereof, against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, a Lender (or its lending office) or shall impose on a Lender (or its lending office) any other condition affecting the Loans or the Commitment, not as a result of any action or inaction on the part of such Lender, and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to any Lender 

-42- of making or maintaining its portion of the Loans, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by any Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, by an amount reasonably deemed by such Lender in good faith to be material (other than (i) Indemnified Taxes, (ii) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (iii) Connection Income Taxes), then Borrower shall, without duplication, pay to such Lender on demand therefor such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such increased cost or reduction. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to constitute a change in Requirements of Law for all purposes of this Section 5.01, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. (b) Change in Capital Requirements. If a Lender shall have determined that, on or after the date hereof, the adoption of any Requirement of Law regarding capital adequacy, or any change therein, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or any request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) of any such Governmental Authority, in each case that becomes effective after the date hereof, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on capital of a Lender (or its parent) as a consequence of a Lender s obligations hereunder or the Loans to a level below that which a Lender (or its parent) could have achieved but for such adoption, change, request or directive by an amount reasonably deemed by it to be material, then Borrower shall pay to such Lender on demand therefor such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender (or its parent) for such reduction. (c) Notification by Lender. The Lenders will promptly notify Borrower of any event of which it has knowledge, occurring after the date hereof, which will entitle a Lender to compensation pursuant to this Section 5.01. Before giving any such notice pursuant to this Section 5.01(c) such Lender shall designate a different lending office if such designation (x) will, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, avoid the need for, or reduce the amount of, such compensation and (y) will not, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. A certificate of the Lender claiming compensation under this Section 5.01, setting forth the amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder, shall be conclusive and binding on Borrower in the absence of manifest error. Section 5.02. Illegality. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in the event that on or after the date hereof the adoption of or any change in any Requirement of Law or in the interpretation or application thereof by any competent Governmental Authority shall make it unlawful for a Lender or its lending office to make or maintain the Loans (and, in the opinion of such Lender, the designation of a different lending office would either not avoid such unlawfulness or would be disadvantageous to such Lender), then such Lender shall promptly notify Borrower thereof following which (a) the Lender s Commitment shall be suspended until such time as such Lender may again make and maintain the Loans hereunder and (b) if such Requirement of Law shall so mandate, the Loans shall be prepaid by Borrower on or before such date as shall be 

-43- mandated by such Requirement of Law in an amount equal to the Redemption Price applicable on the date of such prepayment in accordance with Section 3.03(a); provided that no Prepayment Premium pursuant to Section 3.03(a)(ii) shall be due with respect thereto. Section 5.03. Taxes. (a) Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any Obligation shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Law. If any applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Administrative Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by an Obligor, then such Obligor shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by such Obligor shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding for Indemnified Taxes has been made (including such deductions and withholdings for Indemnified Taxes applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 5.03) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding for Indemnified Taxes been made. For purposes of this Section, the term applicable Law includes FATCA. (b) Payment of Other Taxes by Borrower. Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent, timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. (c) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by Borrower to a Governmental Authority, as a withholding Tax pursuant to this Section 5.03, Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, or a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (d) Indemnification. Borrower shall reimburse and indemnify each Recipient, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 5.03) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (e) Indemnification by the Lender. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of Borrower to do so), and (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses 

-44- arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). (f) Status of Lenders. (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from, or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or as reasonably requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 5.03(f)(ii)(A), (B) or (D)) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or the Administrative Agent), duly completed, valid, executed copies of IRS Form W-9 (or successor form) certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. Federal backup withholding Tax; (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the Recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income Tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, duly completed, valid executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN (or successor form) or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or successor form) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such Tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, duly completed, valid, executed 

-45- originals of IRS Form W-8BEN (or successor form) or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or successor form) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such Tax treaty; (2) duly completed, valid, executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI (or successor form); (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN (or successor form) or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or successor form); or (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, duly completed, valid, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY (or successor form), accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI (or successor form), IRS Form W-8BEN (or successor form), IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or successor form), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, IRS Form W-9 (or successor form), and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the Recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. Federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by 

-46- Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for Borrower or the Administrative Agent to comply with its obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. Each Recipient agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall promptly update such form or certification or promptly notify Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. (g) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party to this Agreement determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 5.03 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 5.03), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the written request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.03(g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 5.03(g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This Section 5.03(g) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. (h) Mitigation Obligations. If Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or to any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 5.01 or this Section 5.03, then such Lender shall (at the request of Borrower) use commercially reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign and delegate its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates if, in the sole reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment and delegation would (i) eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 5.01 or this Section 5.03, as the case may be, in the future, (ii) not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and (iii) not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. (i) Survival. Each party s obligations under this Article 5 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 

-47- Section 5.04. Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Article 5 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation; provided that Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Article for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than six (6) months prior to the date that such Lender notifies Borrower of the change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions, and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the six (6) month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). ARTICLE 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT Section 6.01. Conditions to Tranche A Loan; Closing Date. The obligation of each Lender to make the Tranche A Loan on the Closing Date shall not become effective until the following conditions precedent shall have been reasonably satisfied or waived in writing by the Administrative Agent (which satisfaction or waiver may be made simultaneously with the making of the Tranche A Loan hereunder): (a) Organization and Capitalization. The organizational structure and pro-forma capitalization of the Obligors, after giving effect to the Transactions, as set forth on Schedule 7.19 shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (b) Terms of Material Agreements. The Administrative Agent shall be satisfied in its sole discretion with the terms and conditions of all of the Obligors Material Agreements. (c) No Law Restraining Transactions. No applicable Law or regulation shall restrain, prevent or, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, impose materially adverse conditions upon the Transactions. (d) Lien Searches. The Administrative Agent shall be satisfied with Lien searches regarding the Obligors made prior to the Closing Date. (e) Documentary Deliveries. The Administrative Agent shall have received the following documents, each of which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: (i) Agreement. This Agreement duly executed and delivered by Borrower and each of the other parties hereto. (ii) Security Documents. 

-48- (A) The Security Documents, including, without limitation, the Security Agreement, each Short-Form IP Security Agreement and financing statements, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and duly executed and delivered by each of the Obligors and the other parties thereto. (B) The Collateral Questionnaire, duly executed and delivered by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit I hereto and otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (C) Without limitation, all other documents and instruments reasonably required to perfect the Administrative Agent s Lien on, and security interest in, the Collateral required to be delivered on or prior to the Closing Date shall have been duly executed and delivered and be in proper form for filing, and shall create in favor of the Administrative Agent, a perfected Lien on, and security interest in, the Collateral, subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens. (iii) Note. Any Notes requested in accordance with Section 2.04. (iv) Approvals. Borrower shall certify to the Administrative Agent that all material licenses, consents, authorizations and approvals of, and notices to and filings and registrations with, any Governmental Authority (including all foreign exchange approvals) in connection with the Transactions have been made or obtained, and all material third-party consents and approvals, necessary in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Obligors of the Loan Documents and the Transactions have been obtained. (v) Organizational Documents. (A) Certified copies of the Organizational Documents of each Obligor and of resolutions of the Board (or similar governing body) of each Obligor approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, certified as of the Closing Date by a Responsible Officer of such Obligor as being in full force and effect without modification or amendment; (B) a good standing certificate and/or compliance certificate from the applicable Governmental Authority of each Obligor s (x) jurisdiction of incorporation and (y) jurisdiction(s) in which it is qualified as a foreign corporation or other entity to do business (except where failure to be in good standing would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect), each dated a recent date prior to the Closing Date; and (C) such other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. (vi) Incumbency Certificate. A certificate of each Obligor as to the authority, incumbency and specimen signatures of the persons who have executed the Loan Documents and any other documents in connection herewith on behalf of 

-49- the Obligors. (vii) Opinion of Counsel. A favorable opinion, dated as of the Closing Date, of Wiggin and Dana LLP, counsel to each Obligor in form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. (viii) Evidence of Insurance. Certificates from Borrower s insurance broker or other evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that all insurance required to be maintained pursuant to Section 8.05 is in full force and effect. (ix) Borrowing Notice. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Notice in accordance with Section 2.01(a)(ii) duly executed and delivered by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (f) Due Diligence. The Administrative Agent shall have received and be satisfied with all due diligence regarding the Obligors (including without limitation historical financial statements, Projections, technical, operational, legal, intellectual property, commercial market forecasts, clinical and regulatory assessments, supply chain, securities, labor, Tax, litigation, environmental, reimbursement and regulatory authority matters) in its sole discretion. (g) Indebtedness. As of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the Transactions, no Obligor shall have Indebtedness other than the Obligations and any Indebtedness specified on Schedule 7.13A. All amounts due or outstanding in respect of any Indebtedness other than the Obligations and any Indebtedness specified on Schedule 7.13A shall have been repaid in full, all commitments (if any) in respect thereof terminated, all guarantees (if any) thereof discharged and released and all security therefor (if any) released, together with all fees and other amounts owing thereon, or documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent to effect such release upon such repayment and termination shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent. (h) Closing Fees, Expenses, Etc. The Lenders and their Affiliates shall have received for their own account, the Closing Fee and all fees, costs and expenses due (including applicable attorney costs and the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of any other advisors to the Lenders) and payable pursuant to Section 13.03, after deducting therefrom the Expense Deposit. (i) Warrant Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received the executed Warrant Certificate, dated as of the Closing Date. (j) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Obligors contained in Article 7 or any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date; provided that to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided further that any 

-50- representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects. (k) No Default. No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom. (l) Miscellaneous. The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have received such other opinions, instruments, certificates and documents as the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall have reasonably requested with prior notice to Borrower. (m) Equity Raise. Borrower shall have completed the Series D preferred equity raise on terms and provisions reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, which results in minimum gross cash proceeds to Borrower of at least 75,000,000. Section 6.02. Conditions to Tranche B Loan; Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date. The obligation of each Lender to make the Tranche B Loan on the Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date shall not become effective until the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied or waived in writing by the Administrative Agent (which satisfaction or waiver may be made simultaneously with the making of the Tranche B Loan hereunder): (a) Borrowing Notice. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Notice in accordance with Section 2.01(b)(ii) requesting the Borrowing of the Tranche B Loan duly executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower and Borrower s updated Schedules to this Agreement (if any), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (b) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Obligors contained in Article 7 or any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date; provided that to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided further that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects. (c) No Default. No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom. 

-51- Section 6.03. Conditions to Tranche C Loan; Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date. The obligation of each Lender to make the Tranche C Loan on the Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date shall not become effective until the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied or waived in writing by the Administrative Agent (which satisfaction or waiver may be made simultaneously with the making of the Tranche C Loan hereunder): (a) Borrowing Notice. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Notice in accordance with Section 2.01(c)(ii) requesting the Borrowing of the Tranche C Loan duly executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower and Borrower s updated Schedules to this Agreement (if any), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (b) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Obligors contained in Article 7 or any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date; provided that to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided further that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects. (c) No Default. No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom. (d) Expenses, Etc. The Lenders and their Affiliates shall have received for their own account, all fees, costs and expenses due (including applicable attorney costs and the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of any other advisors to the Lenders) and payable pursuant to Section 13.03. Section 6.04. Conditions to Tranche D Loan; Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date. The obligation of each Lender to make the Tranche D Loan on the Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date shall not become effective until the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied or waived in writing by the Administrative Agent (which satisfaction or waiver may be made simultaneously with the making of the Tranche D Loan hereunder): (a) Borrowing Notice. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Notice in accordance with Section 2.01(d)(ii) requesting the Borrowing of the Tranche D Loan duly executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower and Borrower s updated Schedules to this Agreement (if any), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (b) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Obligors contained in Article 7 or any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date; provided that to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided further that 

-52- any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects. (c) No Default. No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom. (d) Officer s Certificate. A certificate, dated as of the Tranche D Borrowing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, confirming compliance with the conditions set forth in this Section 6.04. (e) Milestone. The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that Borrower is in pro-forma compliance with the revenue covenant in Section 8.15(b) for the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2022. (f) Expenses, Etc. The Lenders and their Affiliates shall have received for their own account, all fees, costs and expenses due (including applicable attorney costs and the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of any other advisors to the Lenders) and payable pursuant to Section 13.03. The borrowing of the Loans shall constitute a certification by Borrower to the effect that the conditions set forth in Section 6.01, Section 6.02, Section 6.03 and Section 6.04, as applicable, have been fulfilled as of the Closing Date, the Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date, the Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date or the Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date, or waived by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders, as applicable. ARTICLE 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES In order to induce the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to extend the Loans hereunder, each Obligor represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, on the Closing Date, on the Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date, on the Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date and on the Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date, as applicable, that the following statements are true and correct: Section 7.01. Power and Authority. Each Obligor and each of its Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of organization, (b) has all requisite corporate (or equivalent) power, and has all material governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals necessary to own its assets and carry on its business as now being or as proposed to be conducted except to the extent that failure to have the same would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (c) is qualified to do business and is in good standing in all jurisdictions in which the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary except where failure to so qualify would not (either individually or in the aggregate) reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (d) has full power, authority and legal right to make and perform each of the Loan Documents and, in the case of 

-53- Borrower, to borrow the Loans hereunder. Section 7.02. Authorization; Enforceability. The Transactions are within each Obligor s corporate (or equivalent) powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate (or equivalent) action and, if required, by all necessary shareholder or other equity holder action. The Loan Documents have been duly executed and delivered by each Obligor party thereto and constitutes, and each of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party when executed and delivered by such Obligor will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor, enforceable against each Obligor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (a) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws of general applicability affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and (b) the application of general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). Section 7.03. Governmental and Other Approvals; No Conflicts. The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority or any other Person, except for (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) filings and recordings in respect of perfecting or recording the Liens created pursuant to the Security Documents and (iii) those consents listed on Schedule 7.03, (b) will not violate any Requirement of Law or the Organizational Documents of any Obligor or any order of any Governmental Authority, other than any such violations that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any Material Agreement, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any such Person, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) on any asset of any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries. Section 7.04. Financial Statements; Projections; Material Adverse Change. (a) Financial Statements. Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Administrative Agent certain financial statements as provided for in Section 8.01. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Obligors as of such dates and for such periods substantially in accordance with GAAP, subject to quarterly or year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes. No Obligor has any material contingent liabilities or liabilities for taxes, long-term lease or unusual forward or long-term commitments not disclosed in the aforementioned financial statements. (b) Projections. On and as of the Closing Date, the projections of the Obligors (collectively, the Projections are based on good faith estimates and assumptions made by the management of Borrower; provided, the Projections are not to be viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or periods covered by the Projections may differ from such Projections and that the differences may be material; provided, further, as of the Closing Date, the management of Borrower believes that the Projections are reasonable and attainable. (c) No Material Adverse Change. Since December 31, 2019, no event, circumstance or change has occurred that has caused or evidences, either in individually or in the aggregate, a 

-54- Material Adverse Change. Section 7.05. Properties. (a) Property Generally. Each Obligor has good and marketable fee simple title to, or valid leasehold or license interests in, all its real and personal Property material to its business, subject only to Permitted Liens and except as would not reasonably be expected to interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes. (b) Intellectual Property. (i) Schedule 7.05(b) lists, with respect to each Obligor, all United States and foreign registrations of and applications for Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights, and industrial designs that are Obligor Intellectual Property, including the applicable jurisdiction, registration or application number and date, as applicable thereto, a designation as to whether it is Material Intellectual Property, and a designation as to whether it is licensed or owned by Obligor. (ii) Each Obligor (A) owns or possesses all legal and beneficial rights, title and interest in and to Material Intellectual Property designated on Schedule 7.05(b) as being owned by such Obligor and (B) has the right to use the Material Intellectual Property licensed to such Obligor, in each case free and clear of any Liens or Claims of any kind, other than Permitted Liens. (iii) To Obligors knowledge, the Material Intellectual Property does not violate any license or infringe any valid and enforceable Intellectual Property right of another. (iv) Other than with respect to the Material Agreements, or as permitted by this Agreement, the Obligors have not assigned or otherwise transferred ownership of, or agreed to assign or otherwise transfer ownership of, any Material Intellectual Property, in whole or in part, to any Person who is not an Obligor. (v) Other than as set forth on Schedule 7.05(b), the Obligors have not received any written communications, nor is there any pending or, to each Obligor s knowledge, threatened action in writing, suit, proceeding or claim in writing by another, alleging that any of the Obligors has violated, infringed, diluted or misappropriated any Intellectual Property of another. (vi) There is no pending or, to any Obligor s knowledge, threatened action in writing, suit, proceeding or claim in writing by another: (a) challenging an Obligor s rights in or to any Material Intellectual Property owned by such Obligor; or (b) challenging the validity, enforceability or scope of any Material Intellectual Property owned by an Obligor. (vii) Each Obligor has taken commercially reasonable precautions to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of the Material Intellectual Property (including without limitation, by requiring that all relevant current and former employees, contractors and consultants of the Obligors execute written confidentiality and invention assignment Contracts). (viii) Each Obligor has complied with the material terms of each Material Agreement pursuant to which Intellectual Property has been licensed to the Obligors (which material terms 

-55- shall include, but not be limited to, pricing and duration of the agreement). (ix) All maintenance fees, annuities, and the like due or payable on the Patents within Material Intellectual Property have been timely paid or the failure to so pay was the result of an intentional decision by the applicable Obligor, which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. All documents and instruments necessary to register or apply for or renew registration of all Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights within the Material Intellectual Property have been validly executed, delivered and filed in a timely manner with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office, as applicable. (x) To each Obligor s knowledge, there are no material defects in any of the Patents within Material Intellectual Property and no such Patents within Material Intellectual Property have ever been finally adjudicated to be invalid, unpatentable or unenforceable for any reason in any administrative, arbitration, judicial or other proceeding. (xi) To each Obligor s knowledge, no Obligor has received any written notice asserting that the Patents within the Material Intellectual Property are invalid, unpatentable or unenforceable and, to each Obligor s knowledge, no Obligor has engaged in any conduct, or omitted to perform any necessary act, the result of which would invalidate or render unpatentable or unenforceable any such Patent within the Material Intellectual Property. (xii) Each employee and consultant has signed a written agreement assigning to the applicable Obligor all intellectual property rights that are related to such Obligor s business as now conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted and confidentiality provisions protecting trade secrets and confidentiality information of the Obligors. (xiii) To the knowledge of each Obligor, no third party is infringing upon or misappropriating, or violating any material license or agreement with such Obligor relating to any Material Intellectual Property. Section 7.06. No Actions or Proceedings. (a) Litigation. There is no litigation, investigation or enforcement proceeding pending or threatened in writing with respect to any Obligor by or before any Governmental Authority or arbitrator (i) that either individually or in the aggregate would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that involves this Agreement or the Transactions. (b) Environmental Matters. The operations and the real Property of the Obligors comply with all applicable Environmental Laws, except to the extent the failure to so comply, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To each Obligor s knowledge, there have been no conditions, occurrences or release of Hazardous Materials which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (c) Labor Matters. No Obligor has engaged in unfair labor practices and there are no pending or, to any Obligor s knowledge, threatened in writing labor actions, disputes, grievance or arbitration proceedings involving the employees of any Obligor, in each case that would 

-56- reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no material strike or work stoppage in existence or threatened in writing against any Obligor. Section 7.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements. Each Obligor is in compliance with all Requirements of Law (including CLIA and Environmental Laws) and all Contracts binding upon it or its Property, except (other than with respect to Material Intellectual Property) where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Section 7.08. Taxes. Each Obligor has timely filed or caused to be filed all federal income and other material Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all federal income and other material Taxes required to have been paid by it, except Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Obligor has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto substantially in accordance with GAAP. Section 7.09. Full Disclosure. Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders all Material Agreements to which any Obligor is party, and all other matters to its knowledge, that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Obligors to the Lenders in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or delivered hereunder or thereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. Section 7.10. Regulation. (a) Investment Company Act. No Obligor is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. (b) Margin Stock. No Obligor is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used to buy or carry any Margin Stock in violation of Regulation T, U or X. Section 7.11. Solvency. The Obligors, on a consolidated basis, are and, immediately after giving effect to the Borrowings, the use of proceeds thereof, and the consummation of the Transactions, will be, Solvent. Section 7.12. Subsidiaries. Except as set forth on Schedule 7.12 (as such Schedule may be updated by Borrower from time to time), Borrower has no direct or indirect Subsidiaries. Section 7.13. Indebtedness and Liens. Set forth on Schedule 7.13A is a complete and correct list of all Permitted Indebtedness of each Obligor described in Section 9.01(b) as of the 

-57- date hereof. Set forth on Schedule 7.13B is a complete and correct list of all Permitted Liens described in Section 9.02(b) granted by an Obligor with respect to its respective Property and outstanding as of the date hereof. Section 7.14. Material Agreements. Set forth on Schedule 7.14 (as such Schedule may be updated by Borrower from time to time) is a complete and correct list of (i) each Material Agreement and (ii) each Contract creating or evidencing any Material Indebtedness, together with a summary reference to the product or purpose of each such Material Agreement and such Contract, to which an Obligor is a party. Accurate and complete copies of each such Contract listed on such schedule have been made available to the Lenders. No Obligor is in default in any material respect under any such Material Agreement or such Contract creating or evidencing any Material Indebtedness listed on such schedule, and no Obligor has knowledge of any default in any material respect by any counterparty to such Material Agreement or such Contract. Except as otherwise disclosed on Schedule 7.14 (as such Schedule may be updated by Borrower from time to time), all material vendor purchase agreements and provider Contracts of the Obligors, and all Material Agreements including a grant of rights under any Intellectual Property to an Obligor, are in full force and effect without material modification from the form in which the same were disclosed to the Lenders. Section 7.15. Restrictive Agreements. None of the Obligors is party to any Restrictive Agreement, except (i) those listed on Schedule 7.15 or otherwise permitted under Section 9.11, (ii) restrictions and conditions imposed by Law or by the Loan Documents, (iii) any stockholder agreement or investor rights agreement, charter, by laws or other organizational documents of an Obligor and (iv) limitations associated with Permitted Liens. Section 7.16. Real Property. No Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries owns or leases (as tenant thereof) any real Property on the date hereof, except as described on Schedule 7.16. Section 7.17. Pension and Other Plans. Schedule 7.17 sets forth, as of the date hereof, a complete and correct list of, and that separately identifies, (a) all Title IV Plans, (b) all Multiemployer Plans and (c) all material Benefit Plans. Each Benefit Plan, and each trust thereunder, intended to qualify for Tax exempt status under Section 401 or 501 of the Code or other Requirements of Law so qualifies. Except for those that would not, in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, (x) each Benefit Plan is in compliance with applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Requirements of Law, (y) there are no existing or pending (or to the knowledge of any Obligor or Subsidiary thereof, threatened) claims (other than routine claims for benefits in the normal course), sanctions, actions, lawsuits or other proceedings or investigation involving any Benefit Plan to which any Obligor or Subsidiary thereof incurs or otherwise has or would have an obligation or any liability or Claim and (z) no ERISA Event is reasonably expected to occur. Borrower and each of its ERISA Affiliates has met all applicable requirements under the ERISA Funding Rules with respect to each Title IV Plan, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under the ERISA Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained. As of the most recent valuation date for any Title IV Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is at least 60 , and neither Borrower nor any of its ERISA Affiliates knows of any facts or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage to fall below 60 as of the most recent valuation date. As of 

-58- the date hereof, no ERISA Event has occurred in connection with which obligations and liabilities (contingent or otherwise) remain outstanding. No ERISA Affiliate would have any Withdrawal Liability as a result of a complete withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan on the date this representation is made. Section 7.18. Collateral; Security Interest. Each Security Document is effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral subject thereto and each such security interest is perfected to the extent required by (and has the priority required by) the applicable Security Document, subject to Permitted Liens. The Security Documents collectively are effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral, which upon the filing of financing statements and other similar statements filed in the appropriate offices, such security interests are perfected security interests (subject only to Permitted Liens) to the extent that such perfection may be obtained by such filing. Section 7.19. Capitalization. All of the issued and outstanding securities of each Obligor have been duly authorized, are validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable. As of the Closing Date and except as set forth on Schedule 7.19, there are no outstanding or authorized options, warrants, purchase rights, subscription rights, conversion rights, exchange rights, or other contracts or commitments that could require the Obligors to issue, sell, or otherwise cause to become outstanding any of their ownership interests. There are no outstanding or authorized stock appreciation, phantom stock, profit participation, or similar rights with respect to the Obligors. None of the Equity Interests in any Obligor has been mortgaged, assigned or pledged in favor of any Person, other than pursuant to the Security Agreement. Section 7.20. Insurance. Each Obligor has obtained (and is maintaining), insurance for its assets (including the Collateral) and business as required under the Loan Documents. Section 7.21. Certain Fees. Except as described on Schedule 7.21, no broker s or finder s fee will be payable in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement. Section 7.22. Sanctions Laws. Obligors and, to the knowledge of the Obligors, any director, officer or employee of an Obligor acting on behalf of the Obligors, are in compliance with the Sanctions Laws. Section 7.23. Anti-Corruption Laws. No Obligor nor any of its Subsidiaries has, nor, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of any Obligor, has any director, officer, agent or employee of any Obligor acting on behalf of such Obligor (i) taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such Persons of the Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) made, offered to make, promised to make or authorized the payment or giving of, directly or indirectly, any Prohibited Payment or (iii) been subject to any investigation by any Governmental Authority with regard to any actual or alleged Prohibited Payment. Section 7.24. Anti-Terrorism Laws. The Obligors (i) have taken reasonable measures to ensure compliance with applicable Economic Sanctions Laws and Anti-Terrorism Laws, (ii) are not Designated Persons and (iii) have not used any part of the proceeds from any advance on 

-59- behalf of any Designated Person or has not used, directly by it or indirectly through any Subsidiary, such proceeds in connection with any investment in, or any transactions or dealings with, any Designated Person. ARTICLE 8 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS AND FINANCIAL COVENANTS Each Obligor covenants and agrees with the Lenders that, until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and all Obligations (other than the Warrant Obligations and inchoate indemnity obligations) have been paid in full in cash: Section 8.01. Financial Statements and Other Information. It will furnish to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders: (a) as soon as available and in any event within thirty-five (35) days after the end of each month prior to a Qualified Public Offering, the consolidated balance sheet of the Obligors as of the end of each such month, and the related consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Obligors for such month and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such month, all in reasonable detail and setting forth in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period in the preceding fiscal year, together with a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Borrower stating that such financial statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Obligors as at such date and the results of operations of the Obligors for the period ended on such date and have been prepared substantially in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to changes resulting from normal, quarterly or year-end adjustments and except for the absence of notes; (b) as soon as available and in any event within forty-five (45) days after the end of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year, the consolidated balance sheet of the Obligors as of the end of such quarter, and the related consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Obligors for such quarter and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such quarter, all in reasonable detail and setting forth in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period in the preceding fiscal year, together with (i) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Borrower stating that such financial statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Obligors as at such date and the results of operations of the Obligors for the period ended on such date and have been prepared substantially in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to changes resulting from normal quarterly or year-end adjustments and except for the absence of footnotes and (ii) a management s discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations, including the Obligors liquidity and capital resources; provided that, if the Borrower is a Publicly Reporting Company, the Borrower s filing of a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 8.01(b) on the date on which such report is first available via the SEC s EDGAR system or a successor system related thereto; 

-60- (c) as soon as available and in any event within one hundred fifty (150) days after the end of each fiscal year, the consolidated balance sheet of the Obligors as of the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Obligors for such fiscal year, prepared substantially in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, all in reasonable detail and setting forth in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, accompanied by (i) a report and opinion thereon of Cohn Reznick LLP or another independent certified public accountant acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception (other than solely with respect to, or expressly resulting solely from, the repayment of the Loans on the Stated Maturity Date) or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit and (ii) a management s discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations, including the Obligors liquidity and capital resources; provided that, if the Borrower is a Publicly Reporting Company, the Borrower s filing of a Yearly Report on Form 10-K with the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 8.01(c) on the date on which such report is first available via the SEC s EDGAR system or a successor system related thereto; (d) within thirty-five (35) days after the end of each month, a compliance certificate of a Responsible Officer of Borrower as of the end of the applicable accounting period (which delivery may, unless a Lender requests executed originals, be by electronic communication including email and shall be deemed to be an original authentic counterpart thereof for all purposes) in the form of Exhibit E (a Compliance Certificate which, for purposes of clarification, shall (i) demonstrate the Obligors compliance with Section 8.15(a) in respect of such month, (ii) for each month end that coincides with the end of a fiscal quarter of Borrower, state that the representations and warranties made by the Obligors in Article 7 are true in all material respects on and as of the date thereof; provided that to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided further that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects, (iii) for each month end that coincides with the end of a fiscal quarter of Borrower, demonstrate Borrower s compliance with Section 8.15(b) in respect of such fiscal quarter and (iv) for each month end that coincides with the end of a fiscal year of Borrower, provide Obligors updated Schedules to this Agreement (if any); (e) promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof by an Obligor, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from any securities regulator or exchange to the authority of which an Obligor is subject concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such agency regarding financial or other operational results of such Obligor; (f) the information regarding insurance maintained by the Obligors as and when required under Section 8.05; 

-61- (g) promptly following the Lenders written request at any time, proof of the Obligors compliance with Section 8.15(a); (h) within ten (10) days of delivery, copies of all periodic reports distributed by Borrower to its shareholders generally; provided that (i) any such material may be redacted by Borrower to exclude information relating to the Loan Documents or the Lenders and (ii) the Lenders shall not be entitled to receive statements, reports and notices relating to topics that (x) are subject to attorney-client privilege or (y) present a conflict of interest for the Lenders; (i) a financial forecast for the Obligors for each fiscal year, including forecasted balance sheets, statements of income and cash flows of the Obligors, all of which shall be prepared on a consolidated basis and delivered not later than February 28 of such fiscal year; (j) promptly following any Lender s written request, certification that such Obligor is not a passive foreign investment company PFIC within the meaning of Sections 1291 through 1297 of the Code, or, if such Obligor determines that it is a PFIC, such information as would allow the Lender to make a qualified electing fund election with respect to the stock of the Obligor; (k) after Borrower becomes a Publicly Reporting Company, within five (5) Business Days of filing, provide access (via posting and/or links on Borrower s web site) to all reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filed with the SEC, any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of the SEC or with any national securities exchange; and within five (5) Business Days of filing, provide notice and access (via posting and/or links on Borrower s web site) to all reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC, and copies of (or access to, via posting and/or links on Borrower s web site) all other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by Borrower with the SEC, any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of the functions of the SEC or with any national securities exchange; (l) promptly after the receipt thereof, a copy of any management letter received from its certified public accounts and the management s response thereto; and (m) such other information respecting the operations, properties, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Obligors (including with respect to the Collateral) as the Lenders may from time to time reasonably request. Section 8.02. Notices of Material Events. It will furnish to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders written notice of the following promptly after a Responsible Officer of an Obligor first learns of the existence of: (a) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; (b) the occurrence of any event with respect to any Obligor s Property resulting 

-62- in a Loss, to the extent not covered by insurance, aggregating 250,000 or more; (c) (i) any proposed Acquisition by any Obligor that would reasonably be expected to result in environmental liability under Environmental Laws in excess of 250,000, and (ii) in each case, to the extent that any of the following would reasonably be expected to result in liability in excess of 250,000: (A) spillage, leakage, discharge, disposal, leaching, migration or release of any Hazardous Material required to be reported to any Governmental Authority under applicable Environmental Laws, and (B) all actions, suits, claims, notices of violation, hearings, investigations or proceedings pending, or threatened in writing against or affecting any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or with respect to the ownership, use, maintenance and operation of their respective businesses, operations or properties, relating to Environmental Laws or Hazardous Material; (d) the assertion of any environmental matter by any Person in writing against, or with respect to the activities of, any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries and any alleged violation of or non-compliance with any Environmental Laws or any permits, licenses or authorizations, in each case, which would reasonably be expected to involve damages in excess of 250,000 other than any environmental matter or alleged violation that, if adversely determined, would not (either individually or in the aggregate) have a Material Adverse Effect; (e) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or directly affecting any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case, that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (f) (i) on or prior to any filing by any ERISA Affiliate of any notice of intent to terminate any Title IV Plan, a copy of such notice and (ii) promptly, and in any event within ten (10) days, after any Responsible Officer of any ERISA Affiliate knows or has reason to know that a request for a minimum funding waiver under Section 412 of the Code has been filed with respect to any Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan, a notice (which may be made by telephone if promptly confirmed in writing) describing such waiver request and any action that any ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto, together with a copy of any notice filed with the PBGC or the IRS pertaining thereto; (g) within five (5) Business Days of obtaining written notice or knowledge thereof, (i) the termination of any Material Agreement; (ii) the receipt by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries of a written notice under any Material Agreement (and a copy thereof) asserting a default by such Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries where such alleged default would permit such counterparty to terminate such Material Agreement; (iii) the entering into any new Material Agreement by an Obligor (and a copy thereof); or (iv) any amendment to a Material Agreement that would be materially adverse to the Lenders (and a copy thereof) (which includes, but is not limited to, any amendments to provisions relating to pricing and term), provided that notices required under this subsection (g) may be delivered with Borrower s monthly Compliance Certificate unless any of the foregoing events would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

-63- (h) any product recalls, safety alerts, corrections, withdrawals, marketing suspensions, removals or the like conducted, to be undertaken or issued by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries, whether or not at the request, demand or order of any Governmental Authority; (i) within five (5) Business Days of obtaining written notice or knowledge thereof, any infringement or other violation by any Person of any Obligor Intellectual Property that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (j) within five (5) Business Days of obtaining written notice or knowledge thereof, a material licensing agreement or arrangement entered into by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any material infringement or alleged infringement of the Intellectual Property of another Person; (k) within five (5) Business Days of obtaining written notice or knowledge thereof, any written claim by any Person that the conduct of any Obligor s (or any Subsidiary thereof) business, including the development, manufacture, use, sale or other commercialization of any product, infringes any Intellectual Property of such Person, except to the extent any such claim would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (l) the reports and notices as and when required by the Security Documents; (m) within thirty (30) days of the date thereof, or, if earlier, on the date of delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 8.01, notice of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Obligors; (n) promptly after the occurrence thereof, notice of any labor controversy resulting in or threatening to result in any strike, work stoppage, boycott, shutdown or other material labor disruption against or involving an Obligor (or any Subsidiary thereof); (o) any other development that results in, or would reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect; (p) concurrently with the delivery of financial statements under Section 8.01(a), (b) or (c), the creation or other acquisition of any Intellectual Property by any Obligor or any Subsidiary after the date hereof and during such prior fiscal year which is registered or becomes registered or the subject of an application for registration with the United States Copyright Office or the United States Patent and Trademark Office, as applicable, or with any other equivalent foreign Governmental Authority; and (q) any change to any Obligor s ownership of Deposit Accounts, Securities Accounts and Commodity Accounts, by delivering to the Lenders an updated Schedule 7 to the Security Agreement setting forth a complete and correct list of all such accounts as of the date of such change. 

-64- Each notice delivered under this Section 8.02 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of Borrower setting forth in reasonable detail the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, without limitation, Sections 8.01 and 8.02), until such time as the Administrative Agent provides written notice to Borrower that it no longer desires to receive information that constitutes material non-public information, Borrower shall provide any information required pursuant to the terms hereof, including any information that may be material non-public information, to the Administrative Agent; provided, that notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower shall at all times comply with Section 8.01(d)(i)-(iii), 8.01(k) and 8.02(a). Section 8.03. Existence; Maintenance of Properties, Etc. (a) It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, amalgamation, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 9.03. (b) It shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain and preserve all rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of its business, and maintain and preserve all of its assets and properties necessary to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and damage from casualty or condemnation excepted. (c) It shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each new employee and contractor to execute and deliver a customary confidentiality, non-disclosure and Intellectual Property assignment agreement that includes a waiver of moral rights. Section 8.04. Payment of Obligations. It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay and discharge (i) all federal income and other material Taxes, fees, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its properties or assets prior to the date on which penalties attach thereto, and all lawful claims for labor, materials and supplies which, if unpaid, might become a Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) upon any properties or assets of any Obligor, except to the extent such Taxes, fees, assessments or governmental charges or levies, or such claims, are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and are adequately reserved against substantially in accordance with GAAP, (ii) all lawful claims which, if unpaid, would by Law become a Lien upon its Property not constituting a Permitted Lien and (iii) all other obligations if the failure to discharge such obligation would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Section 8.05. Insurance. At its own cost and expense, it will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries, to obtain and maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance of the kinds, and in the amounts, as are consistent with customary practices and standards of its industry in the same or similar locations, it being understood and agreed that the insurance held by the Obligors on the Closing Date is deemed to fulfill this requirement on the date hereof. All of the insurance policies required pursuant to this Section 8.05 will name the Administrative Agent as a 

-65- loss payee, additional insured or mortgagee, as applicable and as its interests may appear. Borrower will use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure, or to cause others to ensure, that all insurance policies required pursuant to this Section 8.05 shall provide that they shall not be terminated or cancelled nor shall any policy be materially changed in a manner adverse to the insured Person without at least thirty (30) days written notice to insured Person and the Administrative Agent. Receipt of notice of termination or cancellation of any such insurance policies shall entitle the Administrative Agent to renew any such policies, all in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 8.05 or otherwise to obtain similar insurance in place of such policies, in each case at the expense of Borrower (payable within three (3) Business Days of Borrower s receipt of written demand therefor) and, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, with the prior written consent of Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld). The amount of any such expenses shall accrue interest at the Default Rate if not paid when due and shall constitute Obligations. All of the insurance policies required hereby will be evidenced by one or more certificates of insurance, together with appropriate loss payee or additional insured clauses or endorsements in favor of the Administrative Agent as required by this Section, delivered to the Administrative Agent on or before the Closing Date (or, with respect to such endorsements, within the time period set forth in Section 8.19) and at such other times as the Administrative Agent may request from time to time. Section 8.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights. It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent, upon reasonable prior notice and at reasonable times, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times during normal business hours and with reasonable advance notice as the Administrative Agent may request. It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent (a) so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, for no more than two (2) such inspections each calendar year and (b) during a continuing Default, all such inspections. Section 8.07. Compliance with Laws. (a) It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) comply in all material respects with all Requirements of Law (including Environmental Laws) and (ii) comply in all material respects with all terms of outstanding Indebtedness and all Material Agreements, except (other than with respect to Material Intellectual Property) where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (b) Each Obligor will maintain, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, all records required to be maintained by a Governmental Authority, except where failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Section 8.08. Licenses. It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, obtain and maintain all licenses, authorizations, consents, filings, exemptions, registrations and other 

-66- Governmental Approvals necessary in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents, the consummation of the Transactions or the operation and conduct of its business and ownership of its properties, except where failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Section 8.09. Action under Environmental Laws. It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, upon a Responsible Officer becoming aware of the release of any Hazardous Materials or the existence of any environmental liability under applicable Environmental Laws with respect to their respective businesses, operations or properties, take all actions, at their cost and expense, as shall be required by applicable Law to investigate and clean up the condition of their respective businesses, operations or properties, including all required removal, containment and remedial actions, and restore their respective businesses, operations or properties to a condition, in each case in material compliance with applicable Environmental Laws. Section 8.10. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Loans will be used only as provided in Section 2.05. No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that violates any of the Regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, including Regulations T, U and X. Section 8.11. Certain Obligations Respecting Subsidiaries; Further Assurances; Intellectual Property. (a) Subsidiaries. It will take such action, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to take such action, from time to time as shall be necessary to ensure that all Subsidiaries are Guarantors hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that any Obligor shall form or acquire any new Subsidiary, it and its Subsidiaries will promptly and in any event within fifteen (15) days (or such longer time as consented to by the Administrative Agent in writing) of the formation or Acquisition of such Subsidiary: (i) cause such new Subsidiary to become a Guarantor hereunder, and a Grantor under the Security Documents, pursuant to a Guarantee Assumption Agreement; (ii) take such action or cause such Subsidiary to take such action (including delivering such Equity Interests together with undated transfer powers executed in blank) as shall be necessary to create and perfect valid and enforceable first priority (subject to Permitted Priority Liens) Liens on substantially all of the personal Property of such new Subsidiary as collateral security for the obligations of such new Subsidiary hereunder; (iii) to the extent that the parent of such Subsidiary is not a party to the Security Documents or has not otherwise pledged Equity Interests in its Subsidiaries in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents and this Agreement, cause the parent of such Subsidiary to execute and deliver a pledge agreement in favor of the Lenders, in respect of all outstanding issued shares of such Subsidiary; and (iv) deliver such proof of corporate action, incumbency of officers, opinions of counsel and other documents as is consistent with those delivered by each Obligor pursuant 

-67- to Section 6.01 or as the Majority Lenders shall have requested; provided, that solely with respect to any Subsidiary that is an Immaterial Foreign Subsidiary, no such actions shall be required other than a pledge by owner of such Immaterial Foreign Subsidiary of 100 of the Equity Interests of such Immaterial Foreign Subsidiary, which pledge shall, at the Administrative Agent s discretion be perfected under the Law of such Immaterial Foreign Subsidiary s jurisdiction of formation. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that any Subsidiary ceases to qualify as an Immaterial Foreign Subsidiary, it shall be required to comply with clauses (a)(i)-(iii) hereof as if it was formed or Acquired on the date it ceased to qualify as an Immaterial Foreign Subsidiary. (b) Further Assurances. It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, take such action from time to time as shall reasonably be requested in writing by the Majority Lenders to effectuate the purposes and objectives of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it will, and will cause each Person that is required to be a Guarantor to, take such action from time to time (including executing and delivering such assignments, security agreements, control agreements and other instruments) as shall be reasonably requested in writing by the Majority Lenders to create, in favor of the Lenders, perfected security interests and Liens (subject to Permitted Liens) in substantially all of the personal Property of such Obligor as collateral security for the Obligations; provided that any such security interest or Lien shall be subject to the relevant requirements of the Security Documents. (c) Intellectual Property. In the event that any Obligor creates, develops or acquires Obligor Intellectual Property during the term of this Agreement, then the provisions of this Agreement shall automatically apply thereto and any such Obligor Intellectual Property shall automatically constitute part of the Collateral under the Security Documents, without further action by any party, in each case from and after the date of such creation, development or acquisition (except that any representations or warranties of any Obligor shall apply to any such Obligor Intellectual Property only from and after the date, if any, subsequent to such acquisition that such representations and warranties are brought down or made anew as provided herein). In the event that any Obligor holds or acquires Obligor Intellectual Property during the term of this Agreement, then, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, such Obligor shall take any action as shall be reasonably necessary and reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to ensure that the provisions of this Agreement and the Security Agreement shall apply thereto and any such Obligor Intellectual Property shall constitute part of the Collateral under the Security Documents Section 8.12. Termination of Non-Permitted Liens. In the event that any Responsible Officer of Borrower shall become aware or be notified by the Lenders of the existence of any outstanding Lien against any Property of any Obligor, which Lien is not a Permitted Lien, such Obligor shall use its best efforts to promptly terminate or cause the termination of such Lien. Section 8.13. Non-Consolidation. It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) maintain entity records and books of account separate from those of any other entity which is an Affiliate of such entity; and (ii) not commingle its funds or assets with those of any other entity which is an Affiliate of such entity. 

-68- Section 8.14. Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Corruption Laws. No Obligor shall engage in any transaction that violates any of the applicable prohibitions set forth in any Economic Sanctions Law, Anti-Terrorism Law, or the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (15 USC. 78dd-1 et seq.). None of the funds or assets of such Obligor or any Subsidiary that are used to repay the Loans shall constitute property of, or shall be beneficially owned by, any Designated Person or, to such Obligor s knowledge, be the direct proceeds derived from any transactions that violate the prohibitions set forth in any applicable Economic Sanctions Law, and no Designated Person shall have any direct or indirect interest in such Obligor insofar as such interest would violate any Economic Sanctions Laws applicable to such Obligor. Section 8.15. Financial Covenants. (a) Minimum Liquidity. Borrower shall ensure that the Obligors shall have aggregate Unrestricted Cash of not less than 3,000,000 at all times. (b) Minimum Total Revenue. As of the end of the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2022 and each fiscal quarter thereafter, the Obligors shall maintain, on a consolidated basis, Total Revenue for the twelve (12) month period most recently ended on such date of not less than the amount set forth in the table below: Twelve-Month Period Ended Minimum Total Revenue March 31, 2022 16,797,000 June 30, 2022 18,256,000 September 30, 2022 21,722,000 December 31, 2022 26,545,000 March 31, 2023 30,179,000 June 30, 2023 35,221,000 September 30, 2023 40,649,000 December 31, 2023 46,660,000 March 31, 2024 51,615,000 June 30, 2024 57,102,000 September 30, 2024 63,486,000 December 31, 2024 71,575,000 

-69- Twelve-Month Period Ended Minimum Total Revenue March 31, 2025 85,526,000 June 30, 2025 92,295,000 September 30, 2025 99,058,000 December 31, 2025 106,016,000 Section 8.16. Maintenance of Material Agreements, Intellectual Property, Etc. Such Obligor will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries (to the extent applicable) to: (i) maintain in full force and effect for the term thereof all Material Agreements, or other rights necessary for the current operations of such Obligor s or such Subsidiary s business, as the case may be and (ii) maintain in full force and effect all Material Intellectual Property owned or controlled by such Obligor or any such Subsidiary that is used in and necessary for the current operations of such Obligor s or such Subsidiary s business, as the case may be; provided that Borrower may terminate the Supply Agreement in accordance with its terms if such termination would not be reasonably expected to adversely affect the Lenders in any material respect. Section 8.17. Cash Management. It will: (a) subject to Section 8.19, maintain all Deposit Accounts, Securities Accounts, Commodity Accounts and lockboxes (other than Excluded Accounts) with a bank or financial institution that has executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent an account control agreement, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (each such Deposit Account, Securities Account, Commodity Account and lockbox, a Controlled Account and (b) deposit promptly, and in any event no later than five (5) Business Days after the date of receipt thereof, all cash, checks, drafts or other similar items of payment relating to or constituting payments made in respect of any and all accounts and other rights and interests into Controlled Accounts. Section 8.18. Board Observer Rights Until the Obligations have been paid in full in cash, Borrower shall permit the Administrative Agent on behalf of all of the Lenders (the Observer to attend and observe (but not vote) at all meetings of Borrower s (or any Subsidiary s, as applicable) Board or any Committee, whether in person, by telephone or otherwise as requested by the Observer. Borrower and such Subsidiaries shall notify the Observer in writing at the same time as furnished to members of the applicable Board or Committee of (i) the date and time for each general or special meeting of any such Board or Committee and (ii) the adoption of any resolutions or actions by any such Board or any such Committee by written consent (describing, in reasonable 

-70- detail, the nature and substance of such action). Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries shall concurrently deliver to the Observer all notices and any materials delivered to the official members of such Board or Committee in connection with a meeting or action to be taken by written consent, including a draft of any material resolutions or actions proposed to be adopted by written consent. The Observer shall be free prior to such meeting or adoption by written consent to contact members of any applicable Board or Committee and discuss the pending actions to be taken. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Observer shall not be entitled to receive materials relating to, or be in attendance for, any discussions relating to topics which (x) are subject to attorney client privilege or (y) present a conflict of interest for the Observer. All such discussions and materials shall be subject to the confidentiality provisions set forth in Section 13.17. Section 8.19. Post-Closing Obligations. Within the time periods specified on Schedule 8.19 (as each may be extended by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), complete such undertakings as are set forth on Schedule 8.19. ARTICLE 9 NEGATIVE COVENANTS Each Obligor covenants and agrees with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that, until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and all Obligations (other than the Warrant Obligations and inchoate indemnity obligations) have been paid in full in cash: Section 9.01. Indebtedness. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, whether directly or indirectly, except: (a) the Obligations; (b) Indebtedness existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 7.13A and Permitted Refinancings thereof; (c) accounts payable to trade creditors for goods and services and current operating liabilities (not the result of the borrowing of money) incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business; (d) Indebtedness consisting of guarantees resulting from endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection by it or any of its Subsidiaries in the Ordinary Course of Business; (e) unsecured Indebtedness of an Obligor to any other Obligor; provided such Indebtedness is pledged to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders under the Security Agreement and otherwise subordinate in right of payment to the Obligations; (f) Guarantees by any Obligor of Indebtedness of any other Obligor; (g) purchase money Indebtedness and Capital Lease Obligations; provided that 

-71- (i) if secured, the collateral therefor consists solely of the assets being financed, the products and proceeds thereof and books and records related thereto, (ii) in the case of purchase money Indebtedness, such Indebtedness shall not constitute less than 75 of the aggregate consideration paid with respect to such asset, and (iii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed 7,000,000 at any time; (h) unsecured workers compensation claims, payment obligations in connection with health, disability or other types of social security benefits, unemployment or other insurance obligations, reclamation and statutory obligations, in each case incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business; (i) Indebtedness under Hedging Agreements permitted pursuant to Section 9.05(f); (j) Indebtedness approved in advance in writing by the Majority Lenders; (k) Indebtedness of Borrower and its Subsidiaries with respect to corporate credit cards not to exceed 250,000 at any time outstanding; (l) Indebtedness of Borrower pursuant to the minimum purchase and termination fee provisions of the Supply Agreement; and (m) so long as no Default shall have occurred and is continuing at the time of such Indebtedness is incurred, or after giving effect thereto, other unsecured Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 500,000 at any time outstanding. Section 9.02. Liens. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any Property now owned by it, except: (a) Liens securing the Obligations; (b) any Lien on any Property of any Obligor existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 7.13B; provided that (i) no such Lien shall extend to any other Property of such Obligor and (ii) any such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date hereof and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof; (c) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 9.01(g); provided that such Liens are restricted solely to the collateral described in Section 9.01(g); (d) Liens imposed by Law which were incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business, including (but not limited to) carriers , warehousemen s, landlords and mechanics liens, liens relating to leasehold improvements and other similar liens arising in the Ordinary Course of Business and which (i) do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of the Property subject thereto or materially impair the use thereof in the operations of the business of such Person or (ii) are being contested in good faith by 

-72- appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the Property subject to such liens and for which adequate reserves have been made if required substantially in accordance with GAAP; (e) Liens, pledges or deposits made in the Ordinary Course of Business in connection with bids, contracts, leases, appeal bonds, workers compensation, unemployment insurance or other similar social security legislation; (f) Liens securing Taxes, assessments and other governmental charges, the payment of which is not yet due or is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly initiated and diligently conducted and for which such reserve or other appropriate provisions, if any, as shall be required by GAAP shall have been made; (g) servitudes, easements, rights of way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances on real Property imposed by applicable Laws and encumbrances consisting of zoning or building restrictions, easements, licenses, restrictions on the use of Property or minor imperfections in title thereto which, in the aggregate, are not material, and which do not in any case materially detract from the value of the Property subject thereto or interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of any of the Obligors; (h) bankers liens, rights of setoff and similar Liens incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business and arising in connection with the Obligors deposit accounts or securities accounts held at financial institutions solely to secure payment of fees and similar costs and expenses of such financial institutions with respect to such accounts; (i) Liens in connection with transfers permitted under Section 9.09; (j) any judgment lien or lien arising from decrees or attachments not constituting an Event of Default; (k) leases or subleases of real property granted in the Ordinary Course of Business, and leases, subleases, nonexclusive licenses or sublicenses of personal property (other than Intellectual Property) granted in the Ordinary Course of Business; (l) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure the payment of custom duties in connection with the importation of goods, not securing an amount in the aggregate in excess of 100,000 at any given time; (m) Liens on a deposit account of the Obligors and the cash and cash equivalents therein, in each case, securing Indebtedness described in Section 9.01(k); and (n) Permitted Licenses solely to the extent that such Permitted License would constitute a Lien; provided that no Lien otherwise permitted under any of the foregoing Sections 9.02 (excluding Sections 9.02(a) and 9.02(n)) shall apply to any Material Intellectual Property. 

-73- Section 9.03. Fundamental Changes and Acquisitions. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (i) enter into or consummate any transaction of merger, amalgamation or consolidation, including without limitation, a reverse-triangular merger, or other similar transaction or series of related transactions, (ii) liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution) (including in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws), (iii) make or consummate any Acquisition, (iv) make any initial public offering that is not a Qualified Public Offering or (v) sell or issue any Disqualified Equity Interests, except: (a) Investments permitted under Section 9.05; (b) Permitted Acquisitions for (i) aggregate cash consideration not to exceed 2,000,000 and (ii) total consideration not to exceed 5,000,000, in each case, for the course of this Agreement; (c) the merger, amalgamation or consolidation of any Obligor with or into any other Obligor, provided that (i) if Borrower is a party to such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, Borrower shall be the surviving entity and (ii) if a Domestic Subsidiary is a party to such merger, amalgamation or consolidation with a Foreign Subsidiary, the Domestic Subsidiary shall be the surviving entity; and (d) the purchase of the QIAGEN Patents pursuant to the Patent Purchase Agreement. Section 9.04. Lines of Business. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage to any material extent in any business other than the business engaged in on the date hereof by such Obligor, or a business reasonably related, incidental or complementary thereto or reasonable extensions thereof. Section 9.05. Investments. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make, directly or indirectly, or permit to remain outstanding any Investments except: (a) Investments outstanding on the date hereof and identified in Schedule 9.05 and any modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof to the extent not involving new or additional Investments; (b) operating deposit accounts with banks; (c) extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the sales of goods or services in the Ordinary Course of Business; (d) Permitted Cash Equivalent Investments; (e) (i) Investments consisting of 100 of the ownership of the Equity Interests of its Subsidiaries, (ii) intercompany Investments by Borrower or a Subsidiary in any Guarantor or (iii) Investments by Borrower or any Subsidiary acquired in connection with 

-74- a Permitted Acquisition; (f) Hedging Agreements entered into in the ordinary course of any Obligor s financial planning solely to hedge interest rate risks (and not for speculative purposes) in respect of Permitted Indebtedness and in aggregate amount for all such Hedging Agreements not in excess of 500,000; (g) Investments consisting of prepaid expenses, negotiable instruments held for collection or deposit, security deposits with utilities, landlords and other like Persons, and deposits in connection with workers compensation and similar deposits, in each case made in the Ordinary Course of Business; (h) Investments received in connection with any Insolvency Proceedings in respect of any customers, suppliers or clients and in settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers, suppliers or clients; (i) Investments permitted under Section 9.01(e) and Section 9.03; (j) Investments consisting of notes receivable of, or prepaid royalties and other credit extensions, to customers and suppliers who are not Affiliates, in the Ordinary Course of Business; (k) Investments consisting of (i) travel advances and employee relocation loans and other employee loans and advances in the Ordinary Course of Business, and (ii) loans to employees, officers or directors relating to the purchase of equity securities of Borrower or its Subsidiaries pursuant to employee stock purchase plans or agreements approved by Borrower's Board in an aggregate amount not to exceed 100,000 for subclauses (i) and (ii) in any fiscal year; (l) so long as no Default shall have occurred and is continuing at the time of such Investment, or after giving effect thereto, Investments in Immaterial Foreign Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed 250,000 in any fiscal year; and (m) so long as no Default shall have occurred and is continuing at the time of such Investment, or after giving effect thereto, other Investments in an amount not to exceed 100,000 in any fiscal year; and (n) so long as no Default shall have occurred and is continuing at the time of such Investment, or after giving effect thereto, Investments in the Chinese Subsidiary in an aggregate amount not to exceed: (i) 2,000,000 in the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 and (ii) 2,500,000 in any fiscal year thereafter. 

-75- Section 9.06. Restricted Payments. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, declare or make, or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, other than: (a) dividends and stock splits with respect to any Equity Interests of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries payable solely in additional shares of its Qualified Equity Interests; (b) any Restricted Payment by a Subsidiary to Borrower; (c) any purchase, redemption, retirement, or other Acquisition by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of shares of its capital stock or other Equity Interests with the proceeds received from a substantially concurrent issue of new shares of its capital stock or other Equity Interests; (d) dividends paid by any Guarantor to any other Obligor; (e) cashless exercises of options and warrants; (f) repurchases pursuant to the terms of employee stock purchase plans, employee restricted stock agreements, stockholder rights plans, director or consultant stock option plans, or similar plans in an aggregate amount not to exceed 100,000 in any fiscal year; (g) the making of cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares upon the conversion of convertible securities (or in connection with the exercise of warrants or similar securities) not to exceed 25,000 in any fiscal year; and (h) the issuance of the Warrant Certificate and cash payments made to redeem, purchase, repurchase or retire the Warrant Obligations in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Certificate. Section 9.07. Payments of Indebtedness. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any payments in respect of any Material Indebtedness other than (i) payments of the Obligations and (ii) so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, scheduled payments of other Permitted Indebtedness and, in the case of repayment of intercompany Indebtedness permitted in reliance upon Section 9.01(e), subject to any subordination agreement entered into in connection therewith. Section 9.08. Change in Fiscal Year. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, change the last day of its fiscal year from that in effect on the date hereof, without prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, except to change the fiscal year of a Subsidiary acquired in connection with a Permitted Acquisition to conform its fiscal year to that of Borrower. Section 9.09. Sales of Assets, Etc. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease, exclusively license (in terms of geography or field of use), as a licensor, transfer 

-76- (including in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) or otherwise dispose of any of its Property (including accounts receivable and Equity Interests of Subsidiaries), or forgive, release or compromise any amount owed to any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case, in one transaction or series of transactions (any thereof, an Asset Sale ), except: (a) transfers of cash in the Ordinary Course of Business for equivalent value; (b) sales or leases of products and services in the Ordinary Course of Business on ordinary business terms; (c) the forgiveness, release or compromise of any amount owed to any Obligor in the Ordinary Course of Business; (d) entering into, or becoming bound, by a Permitted License to the extent not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement; (e) development and other collaborative arrangements where such arrangements provide for the license or disclosure of Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights or other Intellectual Property rights of any Obligor in the Ordinary Course of Business and consistent with general market practices where such license requires periodic payments based on per unit sales of a product over a period of time; provided that such licenses must be true licenses that do not result in a legal transfer of title of the licensed Property or otherwise constitute sales transactions in substance,; (f) a sale, lease, exclusive license, transfer or other disposition (including by way of abandonment, cancellation or trade-in) of any Property that is obsolete, worn out, surplus or no longer used or useful in connection with the business of the Obligors or with respect to which a newer and improved version is available; (g) dispositions resulting from Casualty Events; (h) any transaction permitted under Section 9.02, 9.03, 9.05 and 9.20; and (i) so long as no Default shall have occurred and is continuing at the time of such Asset Sale, or after giving effect thereto, Asset Sales of other property not to exceed 250,000 in the aggregate per fiscal year. Section 9.10. Transactions with Affiliates. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease, license or otherwise transfer any assets to, or purchase, lease, license or otherwise acquire any assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except: (a) transactions between or among the Obligors; (b) any transaction permitted under Section 9.01, 9.05, 9.06 or 9.09; 

-77- (c) customary compensation and indemnification of, and other employment arrangements with, directors, officers and employees of any Obligor in the Ordinary Course of Business; (d) transactions upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to any Obligor than would be obtained in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate; (e) the transactions set forth on Schedule 9.10; and (f) cash equity contributions by Borrower s investors in Borrower or its Subsidiaries (other than Disqualified Equity Interests). Section 9.11. Restrictive Agreements. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any Restrictive Agreement other than (i) restrictions and conditions imposed by Law or by the Loan Documents, (ii) Restrictive Agreements listed on Schedule 7.15, (iii) any stockholder agreement or investor rights agreement, charter, by laws or other organizational documents of an Obligor or (iv) limitations associated with Permitted Liens or with any transaction permitted under Section 9.01, 9.03, 9.05, 9.06 or 9.09. Section 9.12. Organizational Documents, Material Agreements. (a) It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any amendment to or modification of any Organizational Document that would be reasonably expected to adversely affect the Lenders in any material respect, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. (b) It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to (i) enter into any material waiver, amendment or modification of any Material Agreement (including, but not limited to, any amendments to provisions relating to pricing and term) that would be reasonably expected to adversely affect the Lenders in any material respect or (ii) take or omit to take any action that results in the termination of, or permits any other Person to terminate, any Material Agreement or Material Intellectual Property that would be reasonably expected to adversely affect the Lenders in any material respect, without, in each case, the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; provided that Borrower may terminate the Supply Agreement in accordance with its terms if such termination would not be reasonably expected to adversely affect the Lenders in any material respect. Section 9.13. Operating Leases. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any expenditures in respect of operating leases, except for: (a) real estate operating leases entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business; and (b) operating leases that would not cause the Obligors, on a consolidated basis, to make payments exceeding 500,000 in any fiscal year. Section 9.14. Sales and Leasebacks. Except as permitted by Section 9.01(g), it will not, 

-78- and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, become liable, directly or indirectly, with respect to any lease, whether an operating lease or a Capital Lease Obligation, of any Property (whether real, personal, or mixed), whether now owned or hereafter acquired, which (i) any Obligor has sold or transferred or is to sell or transfer to any other Person and (ii) any Obligor intends to use for substantially the same purposes as Property which has been or is to be sold or transferred. Section 9.15. Hazardous Material. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, use, generate, manufacture, install, treat, release, store or dispose of any Hazardous Material, except in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws or where the failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Section 9.16. Accounting Changes. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any significant change in accounting treatment, except as required or permitted by GAAP. Section 9.17. Compliance with ERISA. No ERISA Affiliate shall cause or suffer to exist (a) any event that would result in the imposition of a Lien with respect to any Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (b) any other ERISA Event that would, in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. No Obligor or any Subsidiary thereof shall cause or suffer to exist any event that could result in the imposition of a Lien with respect to any Benefit Plan that would have a Material Adverse Effect. Section 9.18. Deposit Accounts. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, establish or maintain any bank account that is not a Controlled Account (other than an Excluded Account) and will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, deposit proceeds in a bank account that is not a Controlled Account; provided, up to two (2) months of payroll expenses may be on deposit in Excluded Accounts in the aggregate at any time. Section 9.19. Outbound Licenses. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into or become bound by any outbound license or agreement unless such outbound license or agreement is a Permitted License. Section 9.20. Inbound Licenses. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into or become bound by any inbound license or agreement (other than Permitted Licenses) unless (i) no Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) such Obligor has provided written notice to the Administrative Agent of the material terms of such license or agreement with a description of its anticipated and projected impact on such Obligor s business or financial condition, and (iii) such Obligor has taken such commercially reasonable actions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to obtain the consent of, or waiver by, any Person whose consent or waiver is necessary for the Administrative Agent to be granted a valid and perfected security interest in such license or agreement allowing the Administrative Agent to fully exercise its rights under any of the Loan Documents in the event of a disposition or liquidation of the rights, assets or property that is the subject of such license or agreement; provided that the aggregate amounts to be paid under all such inbound licenses pursuant to this Section 9.20 shall not exceed an amount equal to 1,000,000 per fiscal year. 

-79- ARTICLE 10 EVENTS OF DEFAULT Section 10.01. Events of Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default : (a) Borrower shall fail to pay any principal on the Loan when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise; or (b) any Obligor shall fail to pay any Obligation (other than an amount referred to in Section 10.01(a)) when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) Business Days; or (c) any representation or warranty made by or on behalf of an Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof, shall: (i) prove to have been incorrect when made or deemed made to the extent that such representation or warranty contains any materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifier; or (ii) prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made to the extent that such representation or warranty does not otherwise contain any materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifier; or (d) any Obligor shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Sections 8.01, 8.02, 8.03(a) (with respect to such Obligor s existence), 8.10, 8.11, 8.13, 8.15, 8.17, 8.18, 8.19 or Article 9; or (e) any Obligor shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in Section 10.01(a), (b) or (d)) or any other Loan Document, and, in the case of any failure that is capable of cure, such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) or more days; or (f) any Obligor shall fail to make any payment in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable after giving effect to any applicable grace or cure period as originally provided by the terms of such Indebtedness; or (g) (i) any material breach of, or event of default or similar event under, the Contract governing any Material Indebtedness shall occur and such breach or event of default or similar event shall continue unremedied, uncured or unwaived after a period of five (5) Business Days after the expiration of any cure period thereunder, or (ii) any event or condition occurs (A) that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or (B) that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the 

-80- lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of such Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause such Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; provided that this Section 10.01(h) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the Property securing such Material Indebtedness; or (h) any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries: (i) ceases to be Solvent, or generally does not or becomes unable to pay its debts or meet its liabilities as the same become due, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or declares any general moratorium on its indebtedness, or proposes a compromise or arrangement or deed of company arrangement between it and any class of its creditors; or (ii) shall (A) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (B) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in Section 10.01(i), (C) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for an Obligor or for a substantial part of its assets, (D) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (E) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (F) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or (i) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of an Obligor or any Subsidiary of an Obligor or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for an Obligor or any Subsidiary of an Obligor or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; or (j) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of 250,000 (excluding any amounts covered by insurance as to which the applicable carrier has accepted coverage) shall be rendered against any Obligor or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of forty-five (45) consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of any Obligor to enforce any such judgment; or (k) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to result in liability 

-81- of the Obligors and their Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding (i) 250,000 in any year or (ii) 500,000 for all periods until repayment of all Obligations (other than the Warrant Obligations); or (l) a Change of Control shall have occurred; or (m) a Material Adverse Change shall have occurred; or (n) (i) any Lien created by any of the Security Documents shall at any time not constitute a valid and perfected Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent on Collateral with an aggregate value in excess of 250,000, free and clear of all other Liens (other than Permitted Liens) except due to the action or inaction of the Administrative Agent or any Lender(s), (ii) except as permitted herein the Security Documents or any Guarantee of any of the Obligations shall for whatever reason cease to be in full force and effect, or (iii) any of the Security Documents or any Guarantee of any of the Obligations, or the enforceability thereof, shall be repudiated or contested by any Obligor. Section 10.02. Remedies. (a) Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, then, and in every such event (other than an Event of Default described in Section 10.01(h) or (i)), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Majority Lenders may, by notice to Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations, shall become due and payable immediately (in the case of the Loans, at the Redemption Price therefor), without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by each Obligor. (b) Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in Section 10.01(h) or (i), the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal amount of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations, shall automatically become due and payable immediately (in the case of the Loans, at the Redemption Price therefor), without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by each Obligor. (c) If any Lender collects any money or property pursuant to this Article 10, they shall pay out the money or property in the order set forth in Section 4.01(b). Section 10.03. Prepayment Premium and Redemption Price. For the avoidance of doubt, any Prepayment Premium (as a component of the Redemption Price) shall be due and payable at any time the Loans become due and payable prior to the Stated Maturity Date for any reason, whether due to acceleration pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (in which case it shall be due immediately, upon the giving of notice to Borrower in accordance with Section 10.02(a), or automatically, in accordance with Section 10.02(b)), by operation of law or otherwise (including, without limitation, on account of any bankruptcy filing), except as otherwise specified herein. In 

-82- view of the impracticability and extreme difficulty of ascertaining the actual amount of damages to the Lenders or profits lost by the Lenders as a result of such acceleration, and by mutual agreement of the parties as to a reasonable estimation and calculation of the lost profits or damages of the Lenders, any Prepayment Premium shall be due and payable upon such date. Each Obligor hereby waives any defense to payment, whether such defense may be based in public policy, ambiguity, or otherwise. The Obligors and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that any Prepayment Premium due and payable in accordance with this Agreement shall not constitute unmatured interest, whether under Section 502(b)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise. Each Obligor further acknowledges and agrees, and waives any argument to the contrary, that payment of such amount does not constitute a penalty or an otherwise unenforceable or invalid obligation. ARTICLE 11 GUARANTEE Section 11.01. The Guarantee. The Guarantors hereby jointly and severally guarantee to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and its successors and assigns, the prompt payment in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the principal of and interest on the Loans, all fees and other amounts and Obligations from time to time owing to the Administrative Agent and any Lender by Borrower under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document and by any other Obligor under any of the Loan Documents, in each case strictly in accordance with the terms thereof (such obligations being herein collectively called the Guaranteed Obligations ). The Guarantors hereby further jointly and severally agree that if Borrower shall fail to pay in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Guarantors will promptly pay the same, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal. Section 11.02. Obligations Unconditional. The obligations of the Guarantors under Section 11.01 are absolute and unconditional, joint and several, irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the obligations of Borrower under this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein, or any substitution, release or exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, irrespective of any other circumstance whatsoever that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or Guarantor, it being the intent of this Section 11.02 that the obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional, joint and several, under any and all circumstances. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is agreed that the occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not alter or impair the liability of the Guarantors hereunder, which shall remain absolute and unconditional as described above: (a) at any time or from time to time, without notice to the Guarantors, the time for any performance of or compliance with any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived; 

-83- (b) any of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein shall be done or omitted; (c) the maturity of any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be accelerated, or any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be modified, supplemented or amended in any respect, or any right under this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein shall be waived or any other guarantee of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security therefor shall be released or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with; or (d) any lien or security interest granted to, or in favor of, any Lender as security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall fail to be perfected. The Guarantors hereby expressly waive diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any Lender exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against Borrower under this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein, or against any other Person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of the Guaranteed Obligations. Section 11.03. Reinstatement. The obligations of the Guarantors under this Article 11 shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of Borrower in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization or otherwise, and the Guarantors jointly and severally agree that they will indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender on demand for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable fees of counsel) incurred by such Persons in connection with such rescission or restoration, including any such reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in defending against any claim alleging that such payment constituted a preference, fraudulent transfer or similar payment under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar Law. Section 11.04. Subrogation. The Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree that, until the payment and satisfaction in full of all Guaranteed Obligations (other than the Warrant Obligations) and the expiration and termination of the Commitments, they shall not exercise any right or remedy arising by reason of any performance by them of their guarantee in Section 11.01, whether by subrogation or otherwise, against Borrower or any other guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations. Section 11.05. Remedies. The Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between the Guarantors, on one hand, and the Lenders, on the other hand, the obligations of Borrower under this Agreement and under the other Loan Documents may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Article 10 (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in Article 10) for purposes of Section 11.01 notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against Borrower and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and 

-84- payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by Borrower) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for purposes of Section 11.01. Section 11.06. Instrument for the Payment of Money. Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges that the guarantee in this Article 11 constitutes an instrument for the payment of money, and consents and agrees that each Lender, at its sole option, in the event of a dispute by such Guarantor in the payment of any moneys due hereunder, shall have the right to proceed by motion for summary judgment in lieu of complaint pursuant to N.Y. Civ. Prac. L R 3213. Section 11.07. Continuing Guarantee. The guarantee in this Article 11 is a continuing guarantee, and shall apply to all Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising. Section 11.08. Rights of Contribution. The Guarantors hereby agree, as between themselves, that if any Guarantor shall become an Excess Funding Guarantor (as defined below) by reason of the payment by such Guarantor of any Guaranteed Obligations, each other Guarantor shall, on demand of such Excess Funding Guarantor (but subject to the next sentence), pay to such Excess Funding Guarantor an amount equal to such Guarantor s Pro Rata Share (as defined below and determined, for this purpose, without reference to the properties, debts and liabilities of such Excess Funding Guarantor) of the Excess Payment (as defined below) in respect of such Guaranteed Obligations. The payment obligation of a Guarantor to any Excess Funding Guarantor under this Section 11.08 shall be subordinate and subject in right of payment to the prior payment in full of the obligations of such Guarantor under the other provisions of this Article 11 and such Excess Funding Guarantor shall not exercise any right or remedy with respect to such excess until payment and satisfaction in full of all of such obligations. For purposes of this Section 11.08, (i) Excess Funding Guarantor means, in respect of any Guaranteed Obligations, a Guarantor that has paid an amount in excess of its Pro Rata Share of such Guaranteed Obligations, (ii) Excess Payment means, in respect of any Guaranteed Obligations, the amount paid by an Excess Funding Guarantor in excess of its Pro Rata Share of such Guaranteed Obligations and (iii) Pro Rata Share means, as of the date of determination, for any Guarantor, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of (x) the amount by which the aggregate present fair saleable value of all properties of such Guarantor (excluding any shares of stock of any other Guarantor) exceeds the amount of all the debts and liabilities of such Guarantor (including contingent, subordinated, unmatured and unliquidated liabilities, but excluding the obligations of such Guarantor hereunder and any obligations of any other Guarantor that have been Guaranteed by such Guarantor) to (y) the amount by which the aggregate fair saleable value of all properties of all of the Guarantors exceeds the amount of all the debts and liabilities (including contingent, subordinated, unmatured and unliquidated liabilities, but excluding the obligations of Borrower and the Guarantors hereunder and under the other Loan Documents) of all of the Guarantors, determined (A) with respect to any Guarantor that is a party hereto on the Closing Date, as of such date, and (B) with respect to any other Guarantor, as of the date such Guarantor becomes a Guarantor hereunder. Section 11.09. General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations. In any action or proceeding involving any provincial, territorial or state corporate law, or any state or federal bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other Law affecting the rights of creditors generally, if the 

-85- obligations of any Guarantor under Section 11.01 would otherwise, taking into account the provisions of Section 11.08, be held or determined to be void, invalid or unenforceable, or subordinated to the claims of any other creditors, on account of the amount of its liability under Section 11.01, then, notwithstanding any other provision hereof to the contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by such Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any other Person, be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount that is valid and enforceable and not subordinated to the claims of other creditors as determined in such action or proceeding. ARTICLE 12 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT Section 12.01. Appointment. Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Perceptive to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article 12 are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and neither Borrower nor any other Obligor will have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead, such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. Section 12.02. Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder will have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and the term Lender or Lenders will, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity to the extent such Person is a Lender. The Lenders acknowledge and agree that such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for, and generally engage in any kind of business with, Borrower, the other Obligors or any other Subsidiaries or Affiliates of the Obligors as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. Section 12.03. Exculpatory Provisions. (a) The Administrative Agent will not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder are administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: (i) will not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; (ii) will not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any 

-86- discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Majority Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as will be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents); provided that the Administrative Agent will not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Insolvency Proceeding; and (iii) will not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and will not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Obligors or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. (b) The Administrative Agent will not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Majority Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as will be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent believes in good faith will be necessary, under the circumstances), or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment. The Administrative Agent will be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given to the Administrative Agent in writing by Borrower or a Lender. (c) The Administrative Agent will not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article 6 or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. Section 12.04. Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent will be entitled to rely upon, and will not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and will not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of the Loans that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent has received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loans. The Administrative Agent may consult with 

-87- legal counsel (who may be counsel for Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and will not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. Section 12.05. Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Affiliates. The exculpatory provisions of this Section will apply to any such sub-agent and to the Affiliates of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and will apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the facility as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent will not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. Section 12.06. Resignation of Agent. (a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and Borrower, which notice shall set forth the effective date of such resignation (the Resignation Effective Date ), such date not to be earlier than the thirtieth (30th) day following the date of such notice. The Majority Lenders and Borrower shall mutually agree upon a successor to the Administrative Agent. If the Majority Lenders and Borrower are unable to so mutually agree and no successor shall have been appointed within twenty-five (25) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but will not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent it shall designate (in its reasonable discretion after consultation with Borrower and the Majority Lenders). Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation will become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. (b) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date (i) the retiring Administrative Agent will be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any Collateral held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Administrative Agent will continue to hold such Collateral until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (ii) except for any indemnity payments owed to the retiring Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent will instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as the Majority Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor will succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments owed to the retiring Administrative Agent), and the retiring Administrative Agent will be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. The fees payable by Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent will be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article 12 and Sections 13.03 and 13.06 

-88- will continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Affiliates in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. Section 12.07. Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Affiliates and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Affiliates and based on such documents and information as it will from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Section 12.08. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any Insolvency Proceeding or any other judicial proceeding relative to Borrower, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of the Loans will then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent has made any demand on Borrower) will be entitled and empowered (but not obligated), by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid hereunder or under any other Loan Document and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same. Any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make any payments of the type described above in this Section 12.08 to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent consents to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Section 12.09. Collateral and Guaranty Matters; Appointment of Administrative Agent. (a) Without limiting the provisions of Section 12.08, the Lenders irrevocably agree as follows: (i) the Administrative Agent is authorized, at its option and in its discretion, to 

-89- release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (A) on the date when all Obligations have been satisfied in full in cash (other than Warrant Obligations and contingent obligations as to which no claims have been asserted), (B) that is sold or otherwise disposed of or to be sold or otherwise disposed of as part of or in connection with any sale or other disposition permitted under the Loan Documents, or (C) subject to Sections 13.01 and 13.04, if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Majority Lenders; and (ii) the Administrative Agent is authorized, at its option and discretion, to release any Guarantor from its obligations hereunder if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents. Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, each Lender will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of Collateral, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under its guaranty pursuant to this Section 12.09. (b) The Administrative Agent will not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Obligor in connection therewith, nor will the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. (c) Each Lender hereby appoints the Administrative Agent as its collateral agent under each of the Security Documents and agrees that, in so acting, the Administrative Agent will have all of the rights, protections, exculpations, indemnities and other benefits provided to the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, and hereby authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent, on behalf of such Lender and all Lenders, without the necessity of any notice to or further consent from any of the Lenders, from time to time to (i) take any action with respect to any Collateral or any Security Document which may be necessary to perfect and maintain perfected the Liens on the Collateral granted pursuant to any such Security Document or protect and preserve the Administrative Agent s ability to enforce the Liens or realize upon the Collateral, (ii) act as collateral agent for each Lender for purposes of acquiring, holding, enforcing and perfecting all Liens created by the Loan Documents and all other purposes stated therein, (iii) enter into intercreditor or subordination agreements, as the case may be, in connection with Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Sections 9.01(e) and 9.01(l), as applicable, (iv) enter into non-disturbance or similar agreements in connection with licensing agreements and arrangements permitted by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (v) otherwise to take or refrain from taking any and all action that the Administrative Agent shall deem necessary or advisable in fulfilling its role as collateral agent under any of the Security Documents. 

-90- ARTICLE 13 MISCELLANEOUS Section 13.01. No Waiver. No failure on the part of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to exercise and no delay in exercising, and no course of dealing with respect to, any right, power or privilege under any Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege under any Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by Law. Section 13.02. Notices. All notices, requests, instructions, directions and other communications provided for herein (including any modifications of, or waivers, requests or consents under, the Loan Documents) shall be given or made in writing (including by telecopy or electronic mail) delivered, if to Borrower, another Obligor, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, to its address specified on Schedule 2 hereto or its Guarantee Assumption Agreement, as the case may be, or at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the other parties. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all such communications shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt of a legible copy thereof, in each case given or addressed as aforesaid. Section 13.03. Expenses, Indemnification. (a) Expenses. Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse (i) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for all of their reasonable and documented out of pocket costs and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of Chapman and Cutler LLP, counsel to the Administrative Agent) in connection with (x) the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the making of the Loans (exclusive of post-closing costs); provided that, so long as the Borrowing of the Tranche A Loan is made, such fees shall be credited against the Expense Deposit paid by Borrower, (y) post-closing costs and (z) the negotiation or preparation of any amendment, modification, supplement or waiver of any of the terms of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents (whether or not consummated) and (ii) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for all of their reasonable and documented out of pocket costs and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel) in connection with any enforcement or collection proceedings resulting from the occurrence of an Event of Default. (b) Indemnification. Each Obligor hereby indemnifies the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, their respective Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents and advisors (each, an Indemnified Party from and against, and agrees to hold them harmless against, any and all Claims and Losses of any kind (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel), joint or several, that is incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or relating to any investigation, litigation or proceeding or the preparation of any defense with respect thereto arising out of or in connection with or relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or the Transactions or any use made or proposed to be made with the proceeds of the Loans, whether or 

-91- not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by an Obligor, any of its shareholders or creditors, an Indemnified Party or any other Person, or an Indemnified Party is otherwise a party thereto, and whether or not any of the conditions precedent set forth in Article 6 are satisfied or the other Transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated, except to the extent such Claim or Loss is found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from any Indemnified Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct. No Obligor shall assert any claim against any Indemnified Party, on any theory of liability, for consequential, indirect, special or punitive damages arising out of or otherwise relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or any of the Transactions or the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Loans. This Section shall not apply to Taxes other than Taxes relating to a non-Tax Claim or Loss governed by this Section 13.03(b). Section 13.04. Amendments. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except for the Warrant Certificate, which may be amended, modified, waived or supplemented in accordance with the terms thereof) may be amended, modified, waived or supplemented only by an instrument in writing signed by Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Majority Lenders; provided that: (a) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by all of the Lenders, do any of the following at any time: (i) change the percentage of (x) the Commitments or (y) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans that, in each case, shall be required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder (including pursuant to any change to the definition of Majority Lenders (ii) release one or more Guarantors (or otherwise limit such Guarantors liability with respect to the Obligations owing to the Lenders under the Guarantees) if such release or limitation is in respect of all or substantially all of the value represented by the Guarantees to the Lenders; (iii) release, or subordinate the Lenders Liens in, all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions (other than in connection with any sale of Collateral permitted herein); or (iv) amend any provision of this Section 13.04; (b) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by each Lender specified below for such amendment, waiver or consent: (i) increase the Commitments of a Lender without the consent of such Lender; (ii) reduce the principal of, or stated rate of interest on, or any Prepayment Premium payable on, the Loans owed to a Lender or any fees or other amounts stated to be payable hereunder or under the other Loan Documents to such 

-92- Lender without the consent of such Lender; (iii) postpone any date scheduled for any payment of principal of, or interest on, the Loans, any date scheduled for payment or for any date fixed for any payment of fees hereunder (excluding the due date of any mandatory prepayment of a Loan), in each case payable to a Lender without the consent of such Lender; (iv) change the order of application of prepayment of the Loans from the application thereof set forth in the applicable provisions of Section 4.01(b)(ii) in any manner that adversely affects the Lenders without the consent of holders of a majority of the Commitments or Loans outstanding or otherwise change any provision requiring the pro rata distributions hereunder among the Lenders without all Lenders consent; or (v) modify Section 2.02 without the consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby. Section 13.05. Successors and Assigns. (a) General. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that (i) no Obligor may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by such Obligor without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (e) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Indemnified Parties of the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. (b) Amendments to Loan Documents; Majority Lender Vote. Each of the Lenders and the Obligors agrees to enter into such amendments to the Loan Documents, and such additional Security Documents and other instruments and agreements, in each case in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Lenders and the Obligors, as shall reasonably be necessary to implement and give effect to any assignment made by any Lender (or any direct or indirect assignee thereof) from time to time under this Section 13.05. (c) Assignments by Lenders. (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (c)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Assignee) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under the Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of the Administrative Agent, provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of any Commitment or of all or any portion of a Loan to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund. 

-93- (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment Agreement with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 500,000, unless the Administrative Agent otherwise consents; (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; and (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Borrower, provided that the failure to give such copy to the Borrower shall not affect the validity of such Assignment Agreement) an Assignment Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent. (iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment Agreement, the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment Agreement, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Loan Documents, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment Agreement, be released from its obligations under the Loan Documents (and, in the case of an Assignment Agreement covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under the Loan Documents, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under the Loan Documents that does not comply with this Section 13.05 shall be treated for purposes of the Loan Documents as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (e) of this Section. (d) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment Agreement delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless (i) it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph and (ii) any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section has been obtained. (e) Participations. Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower, sell participations to any Person (a Participant ), other than an Ineligible Assignee, in 

-94- all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under the Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under the Loan Documents shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) Borrower shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection therewith. (f) Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver that would (i) increase or extend the term of such Lender s Commitment, (ii) extend the date fixed for the payment of principal of or interest on the Loans or any portion of any fee hereunder payable to the Participant, (iii) reduce the amount of any such payment of principal, or (iv) reduce the rate at which interest is payable thereon to a level below the rate at which the Participant is entitled to receive such interest. Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 5.03 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 5.03(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 5.03(f) shall be delivered to Borrower and the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 13.05(a), provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 5.03(h) as if it were an assignee under Section 13.05(a); and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 5.03, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with Borrower s prior written consent. To the extent permitted by Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 4.04(a) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. (g) Certain Pledges. Subject to Section 13.05(d), the Lenders may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement and any other Loan Document to secure obligations of the Lenders, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or another central bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release the Lenders from any of their obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for the Lenders as a party hereto. 

-95- Section 13.06. Survival. The obligations of Borrower under Sections 5.01, 5.02, 5.03, 13.03, 13.05, 13.09, 13.10, 13.11, 13.12, 13.13, 13.14 and Article 11 (solely to the extent guaranteeing any of the obligations under the foregoing Sections) shall survive the repayment of the Obligations and the termination of the Commitments and, in the case of any Lender s assignment of any interest in the Commitments or the Loans hereunder, shall survive, in the case of any event or circumstance that occurred prior to the effective date of such assignment, the making of such assignment, notwithstanding that such Lenders may cease to be a Lender hereunder. In addition, each representation and warranty made, or deemed to be made by a notice of the Loans, herein or pursuant hereto shall survive the making of such representation and warranty. Section 13.07. Captions. The table of contents and captions and section headings appearing herein are included solely for convenience of reference and are not intended to affect the interpretation of any provision of this Agreement. Section 13.08. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument and any of the parties hereto may execute this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by facsimile transmission, electronic transmission (in PDF format) or DocuSign shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. Section 13.09. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER AND THEREUNDER, AND ALL CLAIMS, DISPUTES AND MATTERS ARISING HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO OR THERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS EXECUTED IN AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN THAT STATE, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW). Section 13.10. JURISDICTION, SERVICE OF PROCESS AND VENUE. (a) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. EACH OBLIGOR AGREES THAT ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT TO WHICH IT IS A PARTY OR ANY JUDGMENT ENTERED BY ANY COURT IN RESPECT THEREOF SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY OR IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK AND IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF EACH SUCH COURT FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION, PROCEEDING OR 

-96- JUDGMENT. (b) Alternative Process. Nothing herein shall in any way be deemed to limit the ability of the Lenders to serve any such process or summonses in any other manner permitted by applicable Law. (c) WAIVER OF VENUE, ETC. EACH OBLIGOR IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF THE VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND HEREBY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. A FINAL JUDGMENT (IN RESPECT OF WHICH TIME FOR ALL APPEALS HAS ELAPSED) IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN ANY COURT TO THE JURISDICTION OF WHICH SUCH OBLIGOR IS OR MAY BE SUBJECT, BY SUIT UPON JUDGMENT. Section 13.11. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. Section 13.12. WAIVER OF IMMUNITY. TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY OBLIGOR MAY BE OR BECOME ENTITLED TO CLAIM FOR ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY OR REVENUES ANY IMMUNITY ON THE GROUND OF SOVEREIGNTY OR THE LIKE FROM SUIT, COURT JURISDICTION, ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, ATTACHMENT IN AID OF EXECUTION OF A JUDGMENT OR EXECUTION OF A JUDGMENT, AND TO THE EXTENT THAT IN ANY SUCH JURISDICTION THERE MAY BE ATTRIBUTED SUCH AN IMMUNITY (WHETHER OR NOT CLAIMED), SUCH OBLIGOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREES NOT TO CLAIM AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES SUCH IMMUNITY WITH RESPECT TO ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. Section 13.13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Each Obligor acknowledges, represents and warrants that in deciding to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or in taking or not taking any action hereunder or thereunder, it has not relied, and will not rely, on any statement, representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or understanding, whether written or oral, of or with the Lenders other than those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Section 13.14. Severability. If any provision hereof is found by a court to be invalid or 

-97- unenforceable, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law the parties agree that such invalidity or unenforceability shall not impair the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof. Section 13.15. No Fiduciary Relationship. The Administrative Agent, each Lender and their Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the Lenders ), may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Obligors, their stockholders and/or their Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the Obligors ). The Obligors acknowledge that the Lenders have no fiduciary relationship with, or fiduciary duty to, any Obligor arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and the relationship between each Lender and each Obligor are solely that of creditors and debtors. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents do not create a joint venture among the parties. Section 13.16. USA Patriot Act. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby notify the Obligors that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act and 31 C.F.R. 1010.230 (the Beneficial Ownership Regulation ), they are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Obligors, which information includes the name and address of each Obligor and other information that will allow the Administrative Agent and such Lender to identify each Obligor in accordance with the Act and Beneficial Ownership Regulation, including a beneficial ownership certification in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Section 13.17. Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality. The Lenders agree to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed to (a) its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, advisors and representatives (collectively, Representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as FINRA or the National Association of Insurance Commissioners) or any exchange, (c) to the extent required by the applicable Laws or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those in this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to Borrower or any Guarantor and its obligation, (g) with the consent of Borrower or (h) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the Lender, or any of its respective Representatives on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Borrower or any other Obligor. For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from an Obligor relating such Obligor or its Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, except that the term Information shall not include, and the Lenders shall not be subject to any confidentiality obligation with respect to any information that (i) is or becomes available to the Lender or any of its Representatives on a nonconfidential basis prior to 

-98- disclosure by an Obligor or its Subsidiary, (ii) becomes available to a Lender or any of its Representatives after disclosure by Borrower or any other Obligor from a source that, to the knowledge of such Lender, is not subject to a confidentiality obligation to Borrower or such other Obligor (iii) is or becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach by such Lender, or (iv) is developed by a Lender or any of its Representatives. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. In the case of any Lender that has elected to receive material non-public information pursuant to the last paragraph of Section 8.02, such Lender acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning an Obligor or its Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws. Section 13.18. Releases of Guarantees and Liens. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, each Lender agrees, and the Administrative Agent is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender and given a limited power of attorney by each Lender to perform the actions described hereafter in this Section 13.18 (without requirement of notice to or consent of any Lender except as expressly required by Section 13.04) to take any action reasonably requested by Borrower having the effect of releasing any Collateral or Obligations (i) to the extent necessary to permit consummation of any transaction not prohibited by any Loan Document or that has been consented to by the Lenders or (ii) under the circumstances described in paragraph (b) below. (b) At such time as the Loans and the other Obligations (other than the inchoate indemnity obligations) under the Loan Documents shall have been paid in full in cash and the Commitments have been terminated, the Collateral shall be released from the Liens created by the Security Documents, and the Security Documents and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of the Administrative Agent and each Obligor under the Security Documents shall terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any Person. Section 13.19. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

-99- (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the Applicable Resolution Authority. [Remainder of the Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Pages Follow] 

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement and Guaranty] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written. BORROWER: ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION By:____________________________________ Name: Title: 

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement and Guaranty] PERCEPTIVE CREDIT HOLDINGS III, LP, as Administrative Agent and a Lender By: Perceptive Credit Opportunities GP, LLC, its general partner By:_________________________________ Name: Sandeep Dixit Title: Chief Credit Officer By:_________________________________ Name: Sam Chawla Title: Portfolio Manager 

ANNEX B Conformed Credit Agreement (Fourth Amendment) See attached. 

EXECUTION VERSION 4894-6356-3836 7027014 CREDIT AGREEMENT AND GUARANTY1 DATED AS OF DECEMBER 30, 2020 AMONG ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION, AS BORROWER, THE GUARANTORS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, AS GUARANTORS, THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, AS LENDERS, AND PERCEPTIVE CREDIT HOLDINGS III, LP, AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND AS A LENDER 50,000,000 1 Conformed to reflect changes from the First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of May 27, 2021, the Second Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of October 29, 2021, the Third Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of March 30, 2022, and the Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of December 28, 2022. 

-i- TABLE OF CONTENTS SECTION HEADING PAGE ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS .................................................................................................1 Section 1.01. Certain Defined Terms ...........................................................................1 Section 1.02. Accounting Terms and Principles ........................................................29 Section 1.03. Interpretation ........................................................................................30 Section 1.04. Divisions ..............................................................................................30 Section 1.05. Interest Rates ........................................................................................31 ARTICLE 2 THE COMMITMENTS ....................................................................................31 Section 2.01. Loans ....................................................................................................31 Section 2.02. Proportionate Shares ............................................................................33 Section 2.03. Fees ......................................................................................................33 Section 2.04. Notes ....................................................................................................33 Section 2.05. Use of Proceeds ....................................................................................33 ARTICLE 3 PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST ....................................................34 Section 3.01. Repayment ...........................................................................................34 Section 3.02. Interest ..................................................................................................34 Section 3.03. Prepayments .........................................................................................36 ARTICLE 4 PAYMENTS ..................................................................................................39 Section 4.01. Payments ..............................................................................................39 Section 4.02. Computations .......................................................................................40 Section 4.03. Notices .................................................................................................40 Section 4.04. Set-Off ..................................................................................................40 ARTICLE 5 YIELD PROTECTION ....................................................................................40 Section 5.01. Additional Costs ..................................................................................40 Section 5.02. Illegality ...............................................................................................41 Section 5.03. Taxes ....................................................................................................42 Section 5.04. Delay in Requests ................................................................................46 ARTICLE 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT ............................................................................46 Section 6.01. Conditions to Tranche A Loan; Closing Date ......................................46 Section 6.02. Conditions to Tranche B Loan; Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date ......49 Section 6.03. Conditions to Tranche C Loan; Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date ......49 Section 6.04. Conditions to Tranche D Loan; Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date .....50 ARTICLE 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ........................................................51 Section 7.01. Power and Authority ............................................................................51 

-ii- Section 7.02. Authorization; Enforceability ..............................................................51 Section 7.03. Governmental and Other Approvals; No Conflicts .............................52 Section 7.04. Financial Statements; Projections; Material Adverse Change .............52 Section 7.05. Properties .............................................................................................53 Section 7.06. No Actions or Proceedings ..................................................................54 Section 7.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements .............................................55 Section 7.08. Taxes ....................................................................................................55 Section 7.09. Full Disclosure .....................................................................................55 Section 7.10. Regulation ............................................................................................55 Section 7.11. Solvency ...............................................................................................55 Section 7.12. Subsidiaries ..........................................................................................55 Section 7.13. Indebtedness and Liens ........................................................................55 Section 7.14. Material Agreements ............................................................................56 Section 7.15. Restrictive Agreements ........................................................................56 Section 7.16. Real Property .......................................................................................56 Section 7.17. Pension and Other Plans ......................................................................56 Section 7.18. Collateral; Security Interest .................................................................57 Section 7.19. Capitalization .......................................................................................57 Section 7.20. Insurance ..............................................................................................57 Section 7.21. Certain Fees .........................................................................................57 Section 7.22. Sanctions Laws ....................................................................................57 Section 7.23. Anti-Corruption Laws ..........................................................................57 Section 7.24. Anti-Terrorism Laws ...........................................................................57 ARTICLE 8 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS AND FINANCIAL COVENANTS ...........................58 Section 8.01. Financial Statements and Other Information .......................................58 Section 8.02. Notices of Material Events ...................................................................60 Section 8.03. Existence; Maintenance of Properties, Etc ..........................................63 Section 8.04. Payment of Obligations ........................................................................63 Section 8.05. Insurance ..............................................................................................63 Section 8.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights ................................................64 Section 8.07. Compliance with Laws ........................................................................64 Section 8.08. Licenses ................................................................................................65 Section 8.09. Action under Environmental Laws ......................................................65 Section 8.10. Use of Proceeds ....................................................................................65 Section 8.11. Certain Obligations Respecting Subsidiaries; Further Assurances; Intellectual Property .............................................................................65 Section 8.12. Termination of Non-Permitted Liens ...................................................66 Section 8.13. Non-Consolidation ...............................................................................66 Section 8.14. Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Corruption Laws ..........................................67 Section 8.15. Financial Covenants .............................................................................67 Section 8.16. Maintenance of Material Agreements, Intellectual Property, Etc. .......68 Section 8.17. Cash Management ................................................................................68 Section 8.18. Board Observer Rights .........................................................................68 Section 8.19. Post-Closing Obligations .....................................................................69 

-iii- ARTICLE 9 NEGATIVE COVENANTS ..............................................................................69 Section 9.01. Indebtedness .........................................................................................69 Section 9.02. Liens .....................................................................................................70 Section 9.03. Fundamental Changes and Acquisitions ..............................................72 Section 9.04. Lines of Business .................................................................................72 Section 9.05. Investments ..........................................................................................72 Section 9.06. Restricted Payments .............................................................................74 Section 9.07. Payments of Indebtedness ....................................................................74 Section 9.08. Change in Fiscal Year ..........................................................................74 Section 9.09. Sales of Assets, Etc ..............................................................................74 Section 9.10. Transactions with Affiliates .................................................................75 Section 9.11. Restrictive Agreements ........................................................................76 Section 9.12. Organizational Documents, Material Agreements ...............................76 Section 9.13. Operating Leases ..................................................................................76 Section 9.14. Sales and Leasebacks ...........................................................................77 Section 9.15. Hazardous Material ..............................................................................77 Section 9.16. Accounting Changes ............................................................................77 Section 9.17. Compliance with ERISA ......................................................................77 Section 9.18. Deposit Accounts .................................................................................77 Section 9.19. Outbound Licenses ...............................................................................77 Section 9.20. Inbound Licenses .................................................................................77 ARTICLE 10 EVENTS OF DEFAULT ..................................................................................78 Section 10.01. Events of Default .................................................................................78 Section 10.02. Remedies ..............................................................................................80 Section 10.03. Prepayment Premium and Redemption Price ......................................80 ARTICLE 11 GUARANTEE ................................................................................................81 Section 11.01. The Guarantee ......................................................................................81 Section 11.02. Obligations Unconditional ...................................................................81 Section 11.03. Reinstatement .......................................................................................82 Section 11.04. Subrogation ..........................................................................................82 Section 11.05. Remedies ..............................................................................................82 Section 11.06. Instrument for the Payment of Money .................................................83 Section 11.07. Continuing Guarantee ..........................................................................83 Section 11.08. Rights of Contribution .........................................................................83 Section 11.09. General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations .....................................83 ARTICLE 12 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT ............................................................................84 Section 12.01. Appointment ........................................................................................84 Section 12.02. Rights as a Lender ................................................................................84 Section 12.03. Exculpatory Provisions ........................................................................84 Section 12.04. Reliance by Administrative Agent .......................................................85 Section 12.05. Delegation of Duties ............................................................................86 

-iv- Section 12.06. Resignation of Agent ...........................................................................86 Section 12.07. Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders ................87 Section 12.08. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim .................................87 Section 12.09. Collateral and Guaranty Matters; Appointment of Administrative Agent ....................................................................................................88 ARTICLE 13 MISCELLANEOUS ........................................................................................89 Section 13.01. No Waiver ............................................................................................89 Section 13.02. Notices .................................................................................................89 Section 13.03. Expenses, Indemnification ...................................................................89 Section 13.04. Amendments ........................................................................................90 Section 13.05. Successors and Assigns ........................................................................91 Section 13.06. Survival ................................................................................................94 Section 13.07. Captions ...............................................................................................94 Section 13.08. Counterparts .........................................................................................94 Section 13.09. GOVERNING LAW ............................................................................94 Section 13.10. JURISDICTION, SERVICE OF PROCESS AND VENUE ...............94 Section 13.11. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL ................................................................95 Section 13.12. WAIVER OF IMMUNITY ..................................................................95 Section 13.13. Entire Agreement .................................................................................95 Section 13.14. Severability ..........................................................................................96 Section 13.15. No Fiduciary Relationship ...................................................................96 Section 13.16. USA Patriot Act ...................................................................................96 Section 13.17. Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality ..............................96 Section 13.18. Releases of Guarantees and Liens ........................................................97 Section 13.19. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions ...........................................................................................97 SCHEDULES: SCHEDULE 1 Commitments and Warrant Shares SCHEDULE 2 Notice Addresses SCHEDULE 7.03 Certain Consents SCHEDULE 7.05(b) Obligor Intellectual Property SCHEDULE 7.12 Subsidiaries SCHEDULE 7.13A Existing Indebtedness SCHEDULE 7.13B Existing Liens SCHEDULE 7.14 Material Agreements SCHEDULE 7.15 Restrictive Agreements SCHEDULE 7.16 Real Property SCHEDULE 7.17 Pension Matters SCHEDULE 7.19 Capitalization SCHEDULE 7.21 Broker s Fee SCHEDULE 8.19 Post-Closing Obligations SCHEDULE 9.05 Existing Investments SCHEDULE 9.10 Transactions with Affiliates 

-v- EXHIBITS: EXHIBIT A Form of Guarantee Assumption Agreement EXHIBIT B Form of Borrowing Notice EXHIBIT C Form of Note EXHIBIT D Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate EXHIBIT E Form of Compliance Certificate EXHIBIT F Form of Assignment Agreement EXHIBIT G Form of Security Agreement EXHIBIT H-1 Form of Patent Trademark Security Agreement EXHIBIT H-2 Form of Copyright Security Agreement EXHIBIT I Form of Collateral Questionnaire 

CREDIT AGREEMENT AND GUARANTY, dated as of December 30, 2020 (this Agreement ), among ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation Borrower ), certain Guarantors from time to time parties hereto, the lenders from time to time party hereto (each, as a Lender and collectively, the Lenders ), and PERCEPTIVE CREDIT HOLDINGS III, LP, a Delaware limited partnership Perceptive ), as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent ). WITNESSETH: Borrower has requested the Lenders to make term loans to Borrower, and the Lenders are prepared to make such loans on and subject to the terms and conditions hereof. Accordingly, the parties agree as follows: ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS Section 1.01. Certain Defined Terms. As used herein, the following terms have the following respective meanings: Accounting Change has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02. Accounting Change Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02. Acquisition means any transaction, or any series of related transactions, by which any Person directly or indirectly, by means of a take-over bid, tender offer, amalgamation, merger, purchase of assets, or similar transaction having the same effect as any of the foregoing, (a) acquires all or substantially all of the assets of any Person engaged in any business, (b) acquires all or substantially all of a business line or unit or division of any other Person, (c) acquires control of securities of a Person engaged in a business representing more than 50 of the ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body if the business affairs of such Person are managed by a Board or other governing body, or (d) acquires control of more than 50 of the ownership interest in any Person engaged in any business that is not managed by a Board or other governing body. Act has the meaning set forth in Section 13.16. Administrative Agent has the meaning set forth in the introduction hereto. Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

-2- Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. Agreement has the meaning set forth in the introduction hereto. Amended and Restated Warrant Certificate means the amended and restated warrant, delivered to the Administrative Agent on the Third Amendment Effective Date that, among other things, grants the holder thereof the right to purchase the number of shares of common stock of Borrower as indicated on the Warrant Shares table on Schedule 1, as the Amended and Restated Warrant Certificate may be further amended, replaced or otherwise modified pursuant to the terms thereof. Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Obligors and their Affiliates concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including, without limitation, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. Anti-Terrorism Laws means any laws or regulations relating to terrorism or money laundering, including, without limitation the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. 5311 et seq.), the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986 (18 U.S.C. 1956 et seq.), the USA Patriot Act and any similar law enacted in the United States after the date of this Agreement. Applicable Margin means 9.50 per annum, as such percentage may be increased by Section 3.02(d). Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. Asset Sale has the meaning set forth in Section 9.09. Assignment Agreement means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee of such Lender in substantially the form of Exhibit F. Available Tenor means, as of the Fourth Amendment Date, the Available Tenor for Term SOFR is an interest period of one (1) month; provided that the Administrative Agent may select to use additional interest periods in accordance with the terms of Section 3.02(c)(iv) and such interest periods shall become Available Tenors upon such selection. Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from 

-3- time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy. Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 3.02(c). Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: (a) Daily Simple SOFR; or (b) The sum of (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 

-4- Benchmark Replacement Date means a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent, which date shall be no later than the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 

-5- there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Unavailability Period means, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.02(c) and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.02(c). Beneficial Ownership Regulation has the meaning set forth in Section 13.16. Benefit Plan means any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA to which any Obligor or Subsidiary thereof incurs or otherwise has any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. Board means, with respect to any Person, the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of such Person or any Committee thereof. Borrower has the meaning set forth in the introduction hereto. Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of a Tranche A Loan made by the Lenders on the Closing Date, a Tranche B Loan made by the Lenders on the Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date, a Tranche C Loan made by the Lenders on the Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date or a Tranche D Loan made by the Lenders on the Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date, as applicable. Borrowing Notice means a notice substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are not authorized or required to close in New York City. Capital Lease Obligations means, as to any Person, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under a lease of (or other agreement conveying the right to use) real and/or personal Property which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as a capital lease on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP and, for purposes of this Agreement, the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof, determined substantially 

-6- in accordance with GAAP; provided that any obligations that were not required to be included on the balance sheet of such Person as capital lease obligations when incurred (whether now outstanding or at any time incurred or entered into) but are subsequently re-characterized as capital lease obligations due to a change in accounting rules under GAAP after the Closing Date shall for all purposes hereunder not be treated as a Capital Lease Obligation. Casualty Event means any actual or constructive loss, condemnation, destruction, confiscation, requisition, seizure or forfeiture of all or any material portion of the assets of Borrower or any other Obligor, excluding only those assets, individually or in the aggregate, subject to any such event during any calendar year with a fair market value as of the date thereof equal to or less than 1,000,000. Change of Control means (a) any person or group (within the meaning of Rule 13d- 5 of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof) shall own, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, shares representing 40 or more of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Borrower, (b) Borrower ceases to directly own, beneficially and of record, 100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each of its Subsidiaries, or (c) during any period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months, the occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the Board of Borrower by Persons who were neither (i) nominated by the Board of Borrower, nor (ii) appointed by directors on the Board of Borrower on the Closing Date. Chinese Subsidiary means IsoPlexis Trading Co., Ltd. Claims includes claims, litigation, demands, complaints, grievances, actions, applications, suits, causes of action, orders, charges, indictments, prosecutions, information (brought by a public prosecutor without grand jury indictment) or other similar processes, assessments or reassessments. CLIA means the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) of 1988, as amended from time to time, and the rules, regulations, guidelines, guidance documents and compliance policy guides issued or promulgated thereunder. Closing Date means the Business Day on which all of the conditions set forth in Section 6.01 have been satisfied or waived by the Lenders and the Tranche A Loan is made. Closing Fee has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Collateral means any Property in which a Lien is purported to be granted under any of the Security Documents (or all such Property, as the context may require). Collateral Questionnaire means that certain Collateral Questionnaire and certification by a Responsible Officer of Borrower substantially in the form of attached hereto as Exhibit I and otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

-7- Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender s (a) Tranche A Loan Commitment, (b) Tranche B Loan Commitment, (c) Tranche C Loan Commitment and (d) Tranche D Loan Commitment, and Commitments means all such commitments of all Lenders. The aggregate Commitments of all Lenders as of the Third Amendment Effective Date after giving effect to the Tranche A Loan made on the Closing Date, the Tranche B Term Loan made on the Tranche B Borrowing Date and the Tranche C Term Loan made on the Tranche C Borrowing Date is 7,500,000. Committee means, with respect to any board of directors (or other governing body), any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board of directors (or other governing body). Commodity Account has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement. Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(d). Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. Contracts means any contract, license, lease, agreement, obligation, promise, undertaking, understanding, arrangement, document, commitment, entitlement or engagement under which a Person has, or will have, any liability or contingent liability (in each case, whether written or oral, express or implied, and whether in respect of monetary or payment obligations, performance obligations or otherwise), excluding the Loan Documents. Control means, in respect of a particular Person, the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 

-8- Controlled Account has the meaning set forth in Section 8.17(a)(i). Copyrights has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement. Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) SOFR for the day (such day, a SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website, and (b) the Floor. If by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the second (2nd) U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following any SOFR Determination Day, SOFR in respect of such SOFR Determination Day has not been published on the SOFR Administrator s Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Day will be SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator s Website; provided that, any SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple SOFR for no more than three (3) consecutive SOFR Rate Days; provided further, Daily Simple SOFR shall be rounded upwards to the next 1/100 (if necessary). Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. Default means any Event of Default and any event that, upon the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default. Default Rate has the meaning set forth in Section 3.02(d). Deposit Account has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement and relates to such accounts located and/or maintained in the United States of America. Designated Person means a person or entity: (a) listed in the annex to, or otherwise targeted by the provisions of, the Executive Order (as disclosed by World-Check or another reputable commercially available database); (b) named as a Specially Designated National and Blocked Person on the most current list published by OFAC at its official website or any replacement website or other replacement official publication of such list (as disclosed by World-Check or another reputable commercially available database); or (c) with which the Lenders are prohibited from dealing or otherwise engaging in any transaction by any Economic Sanctions Laws. 

-9- Device means any instrument, apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance, implant, in vitro reagent or other similar or related item, including any component, part or accessory, developed by the Obligors. Disqualified Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, any Equity Interest of such Person that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interest into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable upon exercise or otherwise), or upon the happening of any event or condition (i) matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), including pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (ii) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), in whole or in part, (iii) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends or other distributions in cash or other securities that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, or (iv) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case, prior to the date that is one hundred and eighty (180) days after the Stated Maturity Date; provided that, if such Equity Interests are issued pursuant to any plan for the benefit of directors, officers, employees or consultants of such Person or by any such plan to such directors, officers, employees or consultants, such Equity Interests shall not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely because they may be required to be repurchased by such Person upon the death, disability, retirement or termination of employment or service of such director, officer, employee or consultant. Dollars and means lawful money of the United States of America. Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. Economic Sanctions Laws means: (a) the Executive Order, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the Trading with the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq.), any other law or regulation promulgated thereunder from time to time and administered by OFAC and any similar law enacted in the United States after the date of this Agreement; and (b) any other similar applicable law now or hereafter enacted in any other applicable jurisdiction. EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

-10- EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Environmental Law means any federal, state, provincial or local governmental law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction or decree relating to pollution or protection of the environment or the treatment, storage, disposal, release, threatened release or handling of hazardous materials, and all local laws and regulations related to environmental matters and any specific agreements entered into with any competent authorities which include commitments related to environmental matters. Equity Interest means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents, including membership interests (however designated, whether voting or nonvoting), of equity of such Person, including, if such Person is a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited) and any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of property of, such partnership, but excluding debt securities convertible or exchangeable into such equity. ERISA means the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. ERISA Affiliate means, collectively, any Obligor, Subsidiary thereof, and any Person under common control, or treated as a single employer, with any Obligor or Subsidiary thereof, within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code. ERISA Event means (i) a reportable event as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA with respect to a Title IV Plan, excluding, however, such events as to which the PBGC by regulation has waived the requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified within thirty (30) days of the occurrence of such event; (ii) the applicability of the requirements of Section 4043(b) of ERISA with respect to a contributing sponsor, as defined in Section 4001(a)(13) of ERISA, to any Title IV Plan where an event described in paragraph (9), (10), (11), (12) or (13) of Section 4043(c) of ERISA is reasonably expected to occur with respect to such plan within the following thirty (30) days; (iii) a withdrawal by any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof from a Title IV Plan or the termination of any Title IV Plan resulting in liability under Sections 4063 or 4064 of ERISA; (iv) the withdrawal of any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof in a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Section 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan if there is any potential liability therefore, or the receipt by any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is in reorganization or insolvency pursuant to Section 4241 or 4245 of ERISA; (v) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (vi) the imposition of liability on any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof pursuant to Sections 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by reason of the application of Section 4212(c) of ERISA; (vii) the failure by any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof to make any required contribution to a Plan, or the failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Title IV Plan (whether or not waived in accordance with Section 412(c) of the Code) 

-11- or the failure to make by its due date a required installment under Section 430 of the Code with respect to any Title IV Plan or the failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (viii) the determination that any Title IV Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered to critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA; (ix) an event or condition which might reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (x) the imposition of any liability under Title I or Title IV of ERISA, other than PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof; (xi) an application for a funding waiver under Section 303 of ERISA or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Title IV Plan; (xii) the occurrence of a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Sections 406 or 407 of ERISA for which any Obligor or any Subsidiary thereof may be directly or indirectly liable; (xiii) a violation of the applicable requirements of Section 404 or 405 of ERISA or the exclusive benefit rule under Section 401(a) of the Code by any fiduciary or disqualified person for which any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof may be directly or indirectly liable; (xiv) the occurrence of an act or omission which could give rise to the imposition on any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof of fines, penalties, Taxes or related charges under Chapter 43 of the Code or under Sections 409, 502(c), (i) or (1) or 4071 of ERISA; (xv) the assertion of a material claim (other than routine claims for benefits) against any Plan or the assets thereof, or against any Obligor or any Subsidiary thereof in connection with any such plan; (xvi) receipt from the IRS of notice of the failure of any Qualified Plan to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code, or the failure of any trust forming part of any Qualified Plan to fail to qualify for exemption from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code; (xvii) the imposition of any lien (or the fulfillment of the conditions for the imposition of any lien) on any of the rights, properties or assets of any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof, in either case pursuant to Title I or IV, including Section 302(f) or 303(k) of ERISA or to Section 401(a)(29) or 430(k) of the Code; or (xviii) the establishment or amendment by any Obligor or any Subsidiary thereof of any welfare plan, as such term is defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA, that provides post-employment welfare benefits in a manner that would increase the liability of any Obligor, other than those benefits required under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act. ERISA Funding Rules means the rules regarding minimum required contributions (including any installment payment thereof) to Title IV Plans, as set forth in Sections 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA. EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. Event of Default has the meaning set forth in Section 10.01. Excess Funding Guarantor has the meaning set forth in Section 11.08. Excess Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 11.08. 

-12- Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Excluded Accounts means deposit accounts exclusively used for payroll, payroll taxes and other employee wage and benefit payments to or for the benefit of the employees of Borrower and its Subsidiaries. Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes and branch profits Taxes in each case (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of a Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes that are imposed on amounts payable to Lender to the extent that the obligation to withhold amounts existed on the date that (i) Lender became a Lender under this Agreement or (ii) Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent Lender is a direct or indirect assignee of any other Lender that was entitled, at the time the assignment of such other Lender became effective, to receive additional amounts under Section 5.03 or Lender was entitled to receive additional amounts under Section 5.03 immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) any Taxes imposed in connection with FATCA, and (d) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 5.03(e). Executive Order means the US Executive Order No. 13224 on Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons who commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism. Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Fourth Amendment. Expense Deposit means a cash deposit in the amount of 50,000 made by Borrower to an Affiliate of Perceptive Advisors LLC pursuant to the Proposal Letter for the prepayment of the Lenders costs and expenses (payable pursuant to Section 13.03(a) and/or the Proposal Letter) incurred prior to the Closing Date. FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities entered into in connection with the implementation of the foregoing. First Amendment means the First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of May 27, 2021, among the Obligors, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. First Amendment Effective Date means May 27, 2021. Floor means a rate of interest equal to 1.75 . 

-13- Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. Fourth Amendment means the Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of December 28, 2022, among the Obligors, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. Fourth Amendment Effective Date means December 28, 2022. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, as in effect from time to time, set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, in the statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and in such other statements by such other entity as may be in general use by significant segments of the accounting profession that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination. Subject to Section 1.02, all references to GAAP shall be to GAAP applied consistently with the principles used in the preparation of the financial statements described in Section 7.04(a). Governmental Approval means any consent, authorization, approval, order, license, franchise, permit, certification, accreditation, registration, clearance, exemption, filing or notice that is issued or granted by or from (or pursuant to any act of) any Governmental Authority, including any application or submission related to any of the foregoing. Governmental Authority means any nation, government, branch of power (whether executive, legislative or judicial), state, municipality or other political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, monetary, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including without limitation regulatory authorities, governmental departments, agencies, commissions, bureaus, officials, ministers, courts, bodies, boards, tribunals and dispute settlement panels, and other law-, rule- or regulation-making organizations or entities of any State, territory, county, city or other political subdivision of the United States. Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided, that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the Ordinary Course of Business. 

-14- Guarantee Assumption Agreement means a Guarantee Assumption Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A by an entity that, pursuant to Section 8.11(a), is required to become a Guarantor . Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 11.01. Guarantor means, collectively, each Subsidiary of Borrower on the Closing Date or joined as a Guarantor from time to time pursuant to Section 8.11(a). Hazardous Material means any substance, element, chemical, compound, product, solid, gas, liquid, waste, by-product, pollutant, contaminant or material which is hazardous or toxic, and includes, without limitation, (a) asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls and petroleum (including crude oil or any fraction thereof) and (b) any material classified or regulated as hazardous or toxic or words of like import pursuant to an Environmental Law. Hedging Agreement means any interest rate exchange agreement, foreign currency exchange agreement, commodity price protection agreement or other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement. Immaterial Foreign Subsidiary means, as of any date, any Foreign Subsidiary for which (a) the consolidated total assets of such Foreign Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries, when taken together with the consolidated total assets of all other Immaterial Foreign Subsidiaries their subsidiaries, is not in excess of 5.0 of the consolidated total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (b) the aggregate amount of the Total Revenue of such Foreign Subsidiary and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, when taken together with the contribution to Total Revenue of all other Immaterial Foreign Subsidiaries and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, is not in excess of 5.0 of Total Revenue of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case as of the last day of any four quarter period; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, at no time shall any Guarantor existing on the Closing Date or joined hereto pursuant to Section 8.11 subsequently be deemed an Immaterial Foreign Subsidiary. Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to Property acquired by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of Property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business not overdue by more than one hundred twenty (120) days), (f) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on Property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (g) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (h) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, (j) obligations under any Hedging Agreement, currency swaps, forwards, futures or derivatives transactions, (k) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances, (l) all 

-15- obligations of such Person under license or other agreements containing a guaranteed minimum payment or purchase by such Person, (m) any Disqualified Equity Interests of such Person, (n) any earnout obligation at the time such obligation is both required to be reflected as a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and not paid after becoming due and payable and (o) all other obligations required to be classified as indebtedness of such Person under GAAP. The Indebtedness of any Person shall, without duplication, include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 13.03(b). Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any Obligation and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. Ineligible Assignee means (a) a natural person or (b) the Obligors or any of their respective Affiliates. Information has the meaning set forth in Section 13.17. Insolvency Proceeding means (a) any case, action or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors, or (b) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, composition, marshaling of assets for creditors, or other, similar arrangement in respect of any Person s creditors generally or any substantial portion of such Person s creditors, in each case undertaken under U.S. Federal, state or foreign law, including the Bankruptcy Code. Intellectual Property means all Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights, industrial designs, Technical Information, whether registered or not, whether domestic or foreign, including all of the following: (a) applications, registrations, amendments and extensions relating to any Intellectual Property; (b) rights and privileges arising under any applicable Laws with respect to any Intellectual Property; (c) rights to sue for or collect any damages from any past, present or future infringements of any Intellectual Property; and (d) rights of the same or similar effect or nature as described above in any jurisdiction corresponding to any Intellectual Property throughout the world. 

-16- Interest Period means, (a) initially, the period beginning on (and including) the Closing Date and ending on (and including) the last day of the calendar month in which the Closing Date occurs, and (b) thereafter, the period beginning on (and including) the first day of each succeeding calendar month and ending on the earlier of (and including) (x) the last day of such calendar month and (y) the Maturity Date. Invention means any novel, inventive or useful art, apparatus, method, process, machine (including any article or Device), manufacture or composition of matter, or any novel, inventive and useful improvement in any art, method, process, machine (including any article or Device), manufacture or composition of matter. Investment means, for any Person: (a) the acquisition (whether for cash, Property, services or securities or otherwise) of Equity Interests, bonds, notes, debentures, partnership or other ownership interests or other securities of any other Person or any agreement to make any such acquisition (including any short sale or any sale of any securities at a time when such securities are not owned by the Person entering into such sale); (b) the making of any deposit with, or advance, loan, assumption of debt or other extension of credit to, any other Person (including the purchase of Property from another Person subject to an understanding or agreement, contingent or otherwise, to resell such Property to such Person), but excluding any such advance, loan or extension of credit in the nature of an ordinary course trade receivable having a term not exceeding ninety (90) days arising in connection with the sale of services, inventory or supplies by such Person in the Ordinary Course of Business; (c) the entering into of any Guarantee of, or other contingent obligation with respect to, Indebtedness or other liability of any other Person and (without duplication) any amount committed to be advanced, lent or extended to such Person; (d) entering into any joint venture; or (e) the entering into of any Hedging Agreement. The amount of an Investment will be determined at the time the Investment is made without giving effect to any subsequent changes in value. IRS means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or any successor agency, and to the extent relevant, the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state, provincial, territorial, municipal and local statutes, treaties, rules, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. Lenders has the meaning set forth in the introduction hereto. Lien means any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge or other security interest, or any lease, title retention agreement, mortgage, restriction, easement, right-of-way, option or adverse claim (of ownership or possession) or other encumbrance of any kind or character whatsoever or any preferential arrangement that has the practical effect of creating a security interest. 

-17- Loan Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, the Notes, the Security Documents, any Guarantee Assumption Agreement, the Warrant Certificate and any subordination agreement, intercreditor agreement or other present or future document, instrument, agreement or certificate delivered to any Lender in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, in each case, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified. Loan Exposure means, with respect to any Lender, as of any date of determination, the outstanding principal amount of the Loans of such Lender; provided, at any time prior to the making of the Loans, the Loan Exposure of any Lender shall be equal to such Lender s Commitment. Loans means the Tranche A Loan, Tranche B Loan, Tranche C Loan and Tranche D Loan. Loss means judgments, debts, liabilities, expenses, costs, damages or losses, contingent or otherwise, whether liquidated or unliquidated, matured or unmatured, disputed or undisputed, contractual, legal or equitable, including loss of value, professional fees, including fees and disbursements of legal counsel on a full indemnity basis, and all costs incurred in investigating or pursuing any Claim or any proceeding relating to any Claim. Majority Lenders means, at any time, one or more Lenders having or holding Loan Exposure and representing more than 50 of the aggregate Loan Exposure of all Lenders. Margin Stock means margin stock within the meaning of Regulations U and X. Material Adverse Change and Material Adverse Effect mean a material adverse change in or effect on (a) the business, financial condition, operations and performance of the Obligors taken as a whole, (b) the ability of any Obligor to perform its obligations under any Loan Document, (c) the value of the Property comprising Collateral (taken as a whole), or (d) the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of the Loan Documents or the rights and remedies of any Lender under any of the Loan Documents. Material Agreement means (a) any Contract which is listed in Schedule 7.14, (b) any other Contract to which any Obligor is a party or a beneficiary from time to time, or to which any assets or properties of any Obligor is bound, the loss or termination of which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (c) any other Contract to which any Obligor is a party or a guarantor (or equivalent) whether existing as of the date hereof or in the future that during any period of twelve (12) consecutive months is reasonably expected to (i) result in payments or receipts (including royalty, licensing or similar payments) made to any Obligor in an aggregate amount in excess of 1,000,000 or (ii) require payments or expenditures (including royalty, licensing or similar payments) made by any Obligor in an aggregate amount in excess of 1,000,000, (d) the Patent Purchase Agreement, (e) the Supply Agreement and (f) the QIAGEN Assumption Agreement. Material Indebtedness means, at any time, any Indebtedness of any Obligor, the outstanding principal amount of which, individually or in the aggregate, exceeds 250,000. 

-18- Material Intellectual Property means all Obligor Intellectual Property, including those described in Schedule 7.05(b), whether currently owned or licensed, or acquired, developed or otherwise licensed or obtained after the date hereof (a) necessary for the operation of the business of any Obligor as currently conducted or as currently contemplated to be conducted, (b) the loss of which would reasonably be expected to have or result in a Material Adverse Effect or (c) that has a fair market value in excess of 1,000,000. Maturity Date means the earlier to occur of (a) the Stated Maturity Date, and (b) the date on which the Loans are accelerated pursuant to Section 10.02. Multiemployer Plan means any multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 400l(a)(3) of ERISA, to which any ERISA Affiliate incurs or otherwise has any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. Net Cash Proceeds means, (a) with respect to the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness incurred by an Obligor not permitted under Section 9.01, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of the cash received in connection with such incurrence or issuance over (ii) the investment banking fees, underwriting discounts, commissions, costs and other reasonable expenses and other customary expenses (including reasonable attorney s, accountant s and other similar professional advisor s fees), incurred by such Obligor in connection with such incurrence or issuance to third parties (other than any other Obligor or any of their respective Affiliates), (b) with respect to any Casualty Event, the amount of cash proceeds actually received from time to time by or on behalf of an Obligor after deducting therefrom only (i) actual costs and expenses related thereto incurred by such Obligor in connection therewith and (ii) Taxes paid or payable in connection therewith, and (c) with respect to any Asset Sale, the excess, if any, of (i) cash proceeds received in respect of such Asset Sale (including cash proceeds subsequently received (as and when received)) over (ii) the sum of (A) the direct costs of such Asset Sale then payable by the recipient of such proceeds excluding amounts payable to any Obligor, (B) sales and use taxes paid or payable by such recipient as a result thereof, (C) amounts required to be applied to repay principal, interest and prepayment premiums and penalties on Indebtedness secured by a Permitted Lien on the properties subject to such Asset Sale and (D) amounts reserved or deposited in escrow with respect to indemnity payments or price adjustments until such amounts are released to the Obligors. Note means a promissory note executed and delivered by Borrower to any Lender in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C. Obligations means, with respect to any Obligor, all amounts, obligations (including, without limitation, all Warrant Obligations), liabilities, covenants and duties of every type and description owing by such Obligor to any Lender or any other Indemnified Party hereunder, arising out of, under, or in connection with, any Loan Document, whether direct or indirect (regardless of whether acquired by assignment), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, whether liquidated 

-19- or not, now existing or hereafter arising and however acquired, and whether or not evidenced by any instrument for the payment of money, including, without duplication, (a) all Loans, (b) all interest on the Loans (including interest at the Default Rate), whether or not accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or after the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or similar proceeding, and whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in any such proceeding, (c) any Prepayment Premium, and (d) all other fees, expenses (including fees, charges and disbursement of counsel), interest, commissions, charges, costs, disbursements, indemnities and reimbursement of amounts paid and other sums chargeable to such Obligor under any Loan Document. Obligor Intellectual Property means Intellectual Property owned by or licensed to any of the Obligors. Obligors means, collectively, Borrower, each Guarantor and each of their respective successors and permitted assigns. OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (or any successor thereto). Ordinary Course of Business means, with respect to the Obligors, the ordinary course of business generally consistent with past custom and practice (including with respect to nature, scope, magnitude, quantity and frequency). Organizational Documents means (a) with respect to any corporation, its certificate or articles of incorporation or organization, as amended, and its by-laws, as amended, (b) with respect to any limited partnership, its certificate of limited partnership, as amended, and its partnership agreement, as amended, (c) with respect to any general partnership, its partnership agreement, as amended, and (d) with respect to any limited liability company, its articles of organization, as amended, and its operating agreement, as amended. In the event any term or condition of this Agreement or any other Loan Document requires any Organizational Document to be certified by a secretary of state or similar government official, the reference to any such Organizational Document shall only be to a document of a type customarily certified by such government official. Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising solely from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 5.03(g)). 

-20- Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 13.05(e). Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 13.05(f). Patent Purchase Agreement means that certain asset purchase agreement, as in effect on the First Amendment Effective Date, by and among Borrower, as QIAGEN Sciences, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and QIAGEN GmbH, a German corporation, collectively as sellers, dated as of May 12, 2021, whereby Borrower purchased all rights, privileges, title and interest in and to certain patents, along with the inventions described and claimed in the patents, and all rights to income, royalties and damages for infringement of the patents (the QIAGEN Patents ). Patents has the meaning set forth in the Security Documents. Payment Date means the last day of each Interest Period; provided that if such last day of such Interest Period is not a Business Day, then the Payment Date for such Interest Period will be the next succeeding Business Day. PBGC means the United States Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. Perceptive has the meaning set forth in the introduction hereto. Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR. Permits means all permits, licenses, registrations, certificates, orders, approvals, authorizations, consents, waivers, franchises, variances and similar rights issued by or obtained from any Governmental Authority or any other Person, including, without limitation, those relating to Environmental Laws. Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition by any Obligor or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries, by (a) purchase, merger, amalgamation, license or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, all of the Equity Interests of, or a business line or unit or a division of, any Person or (b) license arrangement for the rights to use, develop, market or otherwise commercialize any Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights or other Intellectual Property (other than ordinary course, over the counter software license arrangements); provided that: (i) immediately prior to, and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; (ii) all transactions in connection therewith shall be consummated, in all material respects, in accordance with all applicable Laws and in conformity in all material respects with all applicable Governmental Approvals; 

-21- (iii) in the case of the Acquisition of all of the Equity Interests of such Person, all of the Equity Interests (except for any such securities in the nature of directors qualifying shares required pursuant to applicable Law) acquired, or otherwise issued by such Person or any newly formed Subsidiary of such Obligor in connection with such Acquisition, shall be owned 100 by an Obligor or any other Subsidiary of Borrower, and Borrower shall have taken, or caused to be taken, as of the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary of an Obligor, each of the actions set forth in Section 8.11, if applicable; (iv) such Person (in the case of an Acquisition of Equity Interests) or assets (in the case of an Acquisition of assets or a division) (i) shall be engaged or used, as the case may be, in the same business or lines of business in which Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries are engaged or a business reasonably and substantially related thereto or (ii) shall have a similar customer base as Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries; (v) Borrower shall have provided the Administrative Agent with at least ten (10) Business Days prior written notice of any such Acquisition, together with summaries, prepared in reasonable detail, of all due diligence conducted by or on behalf of Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary prior to such Acquisition; (vi) all of the assets or Equity Interests acquired in connection with such Acquisition shall be of a U.S. Person; (vii) the Acquisition shall have been approved by the Board or other governing body or controlling Person of the Person acquired or the Person from whom such assets or division is acquired; and (viii) on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Acquisition, Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be in compliance with Section 8.15. Permitted Cash Equivalent Investments means (a) marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the United States or any agency or any State thereof having maturities of not more than two (2) years from the date of acquisition, (b) commercial paper with an average maturity of no more than one (1) year and having the highest rating from either Standard Poor s Ratings Group or Moody s Investors Service, Inc., (c) any money market funds or other investment vehicles whose principal investments are in investments described in clauses (a) or (b) above, and (d) certificates of deposit maturing no more than one (1) year after issue. Permitted Indebtedness means any Indebtedness permitted under Section 9.01. Permitted Licenses means (a) licenses of over-the-counter software that is commercially available to the public, (b) licenses for the use of Obligor Intellectual Property, in each case, entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business or as otherwise may be approved by the applicable Obligor s Board and so long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time such license is entered into and (ii) such license does not materially impair the Lenders from exercising their rights under any of the Loan Documents and (c) licenses pursuant to the Supply Agreement. 

-22- Permitted Liens means any Liens permitted under Section 9.02. Permitted Priority Liens means (a) Liens permitted under Section 9.02(d), (e), (f) or (g) and (b) Liens permitted under Section 9.02(b); provided that such Liens are also of the type described in Section 9.02(d), (e), (f) or (g). Permitted Refinancing means, with respect to any Indebtedness permitted to be refinanced, extended, renewed or replaced hereunder, any refinancings, extensions, renewals and replacements of such Indebtedness; provided that such refinancing, extension, renewal or replacement shall not (a) increase the outstanding principal amount of the Indebtedness being refinanced, extended, renewed or replaced, (b) contain terms relating to outstanding principal amount, amortization, interest rate or equivalent yield, maturity, collateral security (if any) or subordination (if any), or other material terms that, taken as a whole, are less favorable in any material respect to any Obligor or the Lenders than the terms of any agreement or instrument governing the Indebtedness being refinanced, (c) contain any new requirement to grant any Lien or to give any Guarantee that was not an existing requirement of the Indebtedness being refinanced and (d) after giving effect to such refinancing, extension, renewal or replacement, no Default shall have occurred (or could reasonably be expected to occur) as a result thereof. Person means any individual, corporation, company, voluntary association, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization or Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature. PFIC has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(j). Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. Prepayment Premium has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(a)(i). Pro Rata Share has the meaning set forth in Section 11.08. Prohibited Payment means any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other payment or gift of money or anything of value (including meals or entertainment) to any officer, employee or ceremonial office holder of any government or instrumentality thereof, political party or supra-national organization (such as the United Nations), any political candidate, any royal family member or any other person who is connected or associated personally with any of the foregoing that is prohibited under any Requirement of Law. Projections has the meaning set forth in Section 7.04(b). Property of any Person means any property or assets, or interest therein, of such Person. 

-23- Proportionate Share means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage obtained by dividing (a) the Loan Exposure of such Lender then in effect by (b) the aggregate Loan Exposure of all Lenders then in effect. Proposal Letter means the letter agreement, dated November 27, 2020, among Borrower and Perceptive Advisors LLC, regarding the transactions contemplated hereby and the outline of proposed terms and conditions attached thereto. Publicly Reporting Company means an issuer generally subject to the public reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. QIAGEN Assumption Agreement means that certain assumption agreement dated as of May 12, 2021 by and among Borrower, QIAGEN Sciences, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and QIAGEN GmbH. Qualified Equity Interest means, with respect to any Person, any Equity Interest of such Person that is not a Disqualified Equity Interest. Qualified Plan means an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) other than a Multiemployer Plan (i) that is or was at any time maintained or sponsored by any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof or to which any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof has ever made, or was ever obligated to make, contributions, and (ii) that is intended to be tax qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code. Qualified Public Offering means the initial firm-commitment underwritten public offering of common Equity Interests of the Borrower pursuant to an effective registration statement filed with the SEC in accordance with the Securities Act of 1933, raising net cash proceeds of at least 50,000,000, and in connection with such offering the common Equity Interests of the Borrower is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market s National Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or another exchange or marketplace acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. Recipient means any Lender or the Administrative Agent. Redemption Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(a). Redemption Price has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(a). Register has the meaning set forth in Section 13.05(d). Regulation T means Regulation T of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as amended. Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as amended. 

-24- Regulation X means Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as amended. Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. Representatives has the meaning set forth in Section 13.17. Requirement of Law means, as to any Person, any Law applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its Properties or revenues. Resignation Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 12.06(a). Responsible Officer of any Person means each of the president, chief executive officer and chief financial officer of such Person. Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other Property) with respect to any Equity Interest of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other Property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such shares of capital stock of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such shares of capital stock of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. Restrictive Agreement means any indenture, agreement, instrument or other binding arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of any Obligor to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its Property (other than (i) customary provisions in contracts (including without limitation leases and in-bound licenses of Intellectual Property) restricting the assignment thereof, (ii) restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement governing secured Permitted Indebtedness permitted under Section 9.01(g), to the extent that such restrictions or conditions apply only to the Property securing such Indebtedness and (iii) software and other Intellectual Property licenses pursuant to which an Obligor is the licensee of the relevant software or Intellectual Property, as the case may be (in which case, any prohibition or limitation shall relate only to the assets or rights subject to the applicable license and/or the license itself)), or (b) the ability of any Obligor to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any shares of its Equity Interests or to make or repay loans or advances to any Obligor or to Guarantee Indebtedness of any Obligor. Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions, requirements or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by Governmental Authorities (including, but not limited to, OFAC, the U.S. Department of State and the U.S. Department of Commerce). 

-25- Sanctions Laws means all laws, rules, regulations and requirements of any jurisdiction applicable to the Obligors or any party to the Loan Documents concerning or relating to Sanctions, terrorism or money laundering. SEC means United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Second Amendment means the Second Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of October 29, 2021, among Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. Securities Account has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement. Security Agreement means the Security Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, in substantially the form of Exhibit G, among the Obligors, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, granting a security interest in the personal Property constituting Collateral thereunder in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders. Security Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreement, each Short-Form IP Security Agreement, and each other security document, control agreement or financing statement executed to perfect Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders. Short-Form IP Security Agreements means short-form copyright, patent or trademark (as the case may be) security agreements, dated as of the date hereof, in substantially the form of Exhibits H-1 and H-2, entered into by one or more Obligors in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). Solvent means, with respect to any Person at any time, that (a) the present fair saleable value of the Property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities (including contingent liabilities) of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of the Property of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, and (c) such Person has not incurred and does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person s ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature. Stated Maturity Date means the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Closing Date; provided that if such date shall occur on a day that is not a Business Day, then the Stated Maturity Date shall be the immediately succeeding Business Day. Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any time of determination, any other Person of which more than 50 of the outstanding capital stock of such other Person having ordinary voting powers, determined on a fully diluted basis, is at the time 

-26- directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the parent. Unless the context otherwise specifically requires, the term Subsidiary shall be a reference to a Subsidiary of Borrower. Supply Agreement means that certain supply agreement, as in effect on the First Amendment Effective Date, by and between QIAGEN GmbH, dated as of May 12, 2021, whereby Borrower (a) licenses certain rights in the QIAGEN Patents to QIAGEN GmbH and (b) purchases certain reagents incorporating the QIAGEN Patents. Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Technical Information means all trade secrets and other proprietary or confidential information, which may include any information of a scientific, technical, or business nature in any form or medium, standards and specifications, conceptions, ideas, innovations, discoveries, Invention disclosures, all documented research, developmental, demonstration or engineering work, data, plans, specifications, reports, summaries, experimental data, manuals, models, samples, know-how, technical information, systems, methodologies, computer programs or information technology. Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day; provided, further, Term SOFR shall be rounded upwards to the next 1/100 (if necessary), provided, further, however; if Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. Third Amendment means the Third Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of March 30, 2022, among Borrower, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent. Third Amendment Effective Date means March 30, 2022. 

-27- Title IV Plan means an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) other than a Multiemployer Plan (a) that is or was at any time maintained or sponsored by any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof or to which any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof has ever made, or was obligated to make, contributions, and (b) that is or was subject to Section 412 of the Code, Section 302 of ERISA or Title IV of ERISA. Total Revenue means, with respect to the Obligors, all amounts paid to and received by such Person in the ordinary course of business that, in accordance with GAAP, would be classified as net revenue. Trademarks has the meaning set forth in the Security Documents. Tranche A Loan means each loan advanced by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(a). For purposes of clarification, any calculation of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Tranche A Loan on any date of determination shall mean the aggregate principal amount of the Tranche A Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01(a) that has not yet been repaid as of such date. Tranche A Loan Commitment means the commitment of a Lender to make or otherwise fund a Tranche A Loan and Tranche A Loan Commitments means such commitments of all Lenders in the aggregate. The amount of each Lender s Tranche A Loan Commitment, if any, is set forth on Schedule 1. The aggregate amount of the Tranche A Loan Commitments as of the Closing Date is 25,000,000. Tranche B Loan means each loan advanced by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(b). For purposes of clarification, any calculation of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Tranche B Loan on any date of determination shall mean the aggregate principal amount of the Tranche B Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01(b) that has not yet been repaid as of such date. Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date means with respect to the Tranche B Loan, the Business Day on which all conditions set forth in Section 6.02 have been satisfied or waived by the Lenders and the Tranche B Loan is made hereunder. Tranche B Loan Commitment means the commitment of a Lender to make or otherwise fund a Tranche B Loan and Tranche B Loan Commitments means such commitments of all Lenders in the aggregate. The amount of each Lender s Tranche B Loan Commitment, if any, is set forth on Schedule 1. The aggregate amount of the Tranche B Loan Commitments as of the First Amendment Effective Date is 10,000,000. Tranche B Loan Commitment Termination Date means May 28, 2021. Tranche C Loan means each loan advanced by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(c). For purposes of clarification, any calculation of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Tranche C Loan on any date of determination shall mean the aggregate principal amount of the Tranche C Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01(c) that has not yet been repaid as of such date. 

-28- Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date means with respect to the Tranche C Loan, the Third Amendment Effective Date. Tranche C Loan Commitment means the commitment of a Lender to make or otherwise fund a Tranche C Loan and Tranche C Loan Commitments means such commitments of all Lenders in the aggregate. The amount of each Lender s Tranche C Loan Commitment, if any, is set forth on Schedule 1. The aggregate amount of the Tranche C Loan Commitments after giving effect to the Tranche C Term Loan made on the Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date is 0. Tranche D Loan means each loan advanced by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(d). For purposes of clarification, any calculation of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Tranche D Loan on any date of determination shall mean the aggregate principal amount of the Tranche D Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01(d) that has not yet been repaid as of such date. Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date means with respect to the Tranche D Loan, the Business Day on which all conditions set forth in Section 6.04 have been satisfied or waived by the Lenders and the Tranche D Loan is made hereunder. Tranche D Loan Commitment means the commitment of a Lender to make or otherwise fund a Tranche D Loan and Tranche D Loan Commitments means such commitments of all Lenders in the aggregate. The amount of each Lender s Tranche D Loan Commitment, if any, is set forth on Schedule 1. The aggregate amount of the Tranche D Loan Commitments as of the Third Amendment Effective Date is 7,500,000. Tranche D Loan Commitment Termination Date means June 30, 2022. Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by each Obligor of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Obligor is a party and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including disbursement and application of the proceeds of the Loans. UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. Unrestricted Cash means the balance of unencumbered cash (other than cash encumbered by the Liens granted to the Lenders pursuant to the Loan Documents) and Permitted 

-29- Cash Equivalent Investments (which for greater certainty shall not include any undrawn credit lines), in each case, to the extent held in a Controlled Account. U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03(f)(ii)(B)(3). Warrant Certificate means the Amended and Restated Warrant Certificate. Warrant Obligations means, with respect to Borrower, all of its Obligations arising out of, under or in connection with, any Warrant Certificate. Withdrawal Liability means, at any time, any liability incurred (whether or not assessed) by any ERISA Affiliate and not yet satisfied or paid in full at such time with respect to any Multiemployer Plan pursuant to Section 4201 of ERISA. Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. Section 1.02. Accounting Terms and Principles. All accounting determinations required to be made pursuant hereto shall, unless expressly otherwise provided herein, be made substantially in accordance with GAAP. If, after the date hereof, any change occurs in GAAP or in the application thereof (an Accounting Change and such change would cause any amount required to be determined for the purposes of the covenants to be maintained or calculated pursuant to Article 8 or 9 to be materially different than the amount that would be determined prior to such change, then Borrower will provide a detailed notice of such change (an Accounting Change Notice to the Administrative Agent in conjunction with the next required delivery of financial statements pursuant to Section 8.01. If Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any Accounting Change occurring after the Closing Date or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision, regardless of whether any Accounting Change Notice is given before or after such Accounting Change or in the application thereof, then 

-30- the Administrative Agent and Borrower agree that they will negotiate in good faith amendments to the provisions of this Agreement that are directly affected by such Accounting Change with the intent of having the respective positions of the Administrative Agent and Borrower after such Accounting Change conform as nearly as possible to their respective positions as of the date of this Agreement and, until any such amendments have been agreed upon, (a) the provisions in this Agreement shall be calculated as if no such Accounting Change had occurred and (b) Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent a written reconciliation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, between calculations of any baskets and other requirements hereunder before and after giving effect to such Accounting Change. All components of financial calculations made to determine compliance with this Agreement shall be adjusted to include or exclude, as the case may be, without duplication, such components of such calculations attributable to any Acquisition or disposition of assets consummated after the first day of the applicable period of determination and prior to the end of such period, as determined in good faith by Borrower based on assumptions expressed therein and that were reasonable based on the information available to Borrower at the time of preparation of the Compliance Certificate setting forth such calculations. Section 1.03. Interpretation. For all purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided herein or unless the context otherwise requires, (a) the terms defined in this Agreement include the plural as well as the singular and vice versa; (b) words importing gender include all genders; (c) any reference to a Section, Article, Annex, Schedule or Exhibit refers to a Section or Article of, or Annex, Schedule or Exhibit to, this Agreement; (d) any reference to this Agreement refers to this Agreement, including all Annexes, Schedules and Exhibits hereto, and the words herein, hereof, hereto and hereunder and words of similar import refer to this Agreement and its Annexes, Schedules and Exhibits as a whole and not to any particular Section, Article, Annex, Schedule, Exhibit or any other subdivision; (e) references to days, months and years refer to calendar days, months and years, respectively; (f) all references herein to include or including shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation (g) the word from when used in connection with a period of time means from and including and the word until means to but not including and (h) accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed substantially in accordance with GAAP (except for the term property, which shall be interpreted as broadly as possible, including, in any case, cash, securities, other assets, rights under contractual obligations and permits and any right or interest in any property, except where otherwise noted). Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, references to organizational documents, agreements (including the Loan Documents) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications thereto permitted by the Loan Documents. Section 1.04. Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 

-31- Section 1.05. Interest Rates. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. ARTICLE 2 THE COMMITMENTS Section 2.01. Loans. (a) Tranche A Loan. (i) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and relying on the representations and warranties set forth herein, each Lender, severally and not jointly, agrees to provide its share of the Tranche A Loan to Borrower on the Closing Date in Dollars in a principal amount equal to such Lender s Tranche A Loan Commitment. No Lender shall have an obligation to make a Tranche A Loan in excess of such Lender s Tranche A Loan Commitment. (ii) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Section 6.01), Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Borrowing Notice no later than 5 p.m. (New York City time) at least one (1) Business Day in advance of the Closing Date. (iii) Borrower may make one borrowing under the Tranche A Loan Commitment which shall be on the Closing Date. Subject to Section 3.03, all amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Tranche A Loan shall be paid in full no later than the Maturity Date. Each Lender s Tranche A Loan Commitment shall terminate immediately 

-32- and without further action on the Closing Date after giving effect to the funding of such Lender s Tranche A Loan Commitment on such date. (b) Tranche B Loan. (i) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and relying on the representations and warranties set forth herein, each Lender, severally and not jointly, agrees to provide its share of the Tranche B Loan to Borrower on the Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date in Dollars in a principal amount equal to such Lender s Tranche B Loan Commitment. No Lender shall have an obligation to make a Tranche B Loan in excess of such Lender s Tranche B Loan Commitment. (ii) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Section 6.02), Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Borrowing Notice no later than 5 p.m. (New York City time) at least three (3) Business Days in advance of the proposed Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date. (iii) Borrower may make one borrowing under the Tranche B Loan Commitment which shall be on the Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date. Subject to Section 3.03, all amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Tranche B Loan shall be paid in full no later than the Maturity Date. Each Lender s Tranche B Loan Commitment shall terminate immediately and without further action on the earlier of (x) the Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date after giving effect to the funding of such Lender s Tranche B Loan Commitment on such date and (y) the Tranche B Loan Commitment Termination Date. (c) Tranche C Loan. (i) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and relying on the representations and warranties set forth herein, each Lender, severally and not jointly, agrees to provide its share of the Tranche C Loan to Borrower on the Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date in Dollars in a principal amount equal to such Lender s Tranche C Loan Commitment. No Lender shall have an obligation to make a Tranche C Loan in excess of such Lender s Tranche C Loan Commitment. (ii) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Section 6.03), Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Borrowing Notice no later than 5 p.m. (New York City time) at least three (3) Business Days in advance of the proposed Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date. (iii) Borrower may make one borrowing under the Tranche C Loan Commitment which shall be on the Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date. Subject to Section 3.03, all amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Tranche C Loan shall be paid in full no later than the Maturity Date. 

-33- (d) Tranche D Loan. (i) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and relying on the representations and warranties set forth herein, each Lender, severally and not jointly, agrees to provide its share of the Tranche D Loan to Borrower on the Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date in Dollars in a principal amount equal to such Lender s Tranche D Loan Commitment. No Lender shall have an obligation to make a Tranche D Loan in excess of such Lender s Tranche D Loan Commitment. (ii) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Section 6.04), Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a fully executed Borrowing Notice no later than 5 p.m. (New York City time) at least three (3) Business Days in advance of the proposed Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date. (iii) Borrower may make one borrowing under the Tranche D Loan Commitment which shall be on the Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date. Subject to Section 3.03, all amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Tranche D Loan shall be paid in full no later than the Maturity Date. Each Lender s Tranche D Loan Commitment shall terminate immediately and without further action on the earlier of (x) the Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date after giving effect to the funding of such Lender s Tranche D Loan Commitment on such date and (y) the Tranche D Loan Commitment Termination Date. (e) Any principal amount of any Loans borrowed under Section 2.01(a), 2.01(b), 2.01(c) or 2.01(d) hereof and subsequently repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Section 2.02. Proportionate Shares. All Loans shall be made, and all participations purchased, by the Lenders simultaneously and proportionately to their respective Proportionate Shares, it being understood that no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender in such other Lender s obligation to make a Loan hereunder or purchase a participation required hereby nor shall the Commitment of any Lender be increased or decreased as a result of a default by any other Lender in such other Lender s obligation to make a Loan requested hereunder or purchase a participation required hereby. Section 2.03. Fees. On the Closing Date, Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent (out of the proceeds of the Tranche A Loan advanced by such Lenders on the Closing Date) for distribution to each Lender in accordance with its pro rata share of Loans, a non-refundable fee (the Closing Fee in the amount of 750,000. Payment of the Closing Fee shall be in addition to such fees, costs and expenses due and payable pursuant to Section 12.03. Section 2.04. Notes. Upon the request of any Lender, Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender one or more Notes evidencing the Loans payable to such Lender (or if requested by it, to it and its registered assigns). Section 2.05. Use of Proceeds. Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Loans (a) for general working capital purposes and corporate purposes, (b) to refinance certain existing Indebtedness on 

-34- the Closing Date and (c) to pay, in accordance with the funds flow attached to the Borrowing Notice, fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions. ARTICLE 3 PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST Section 3.01. Repayment. There will be no scheduled repayments of principal on the Loans prior to the Maturity Date. The entire outstanding principal amount of the Loans, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, will be due and payable on the Maturity Date. Section 3.02. Interest. (a) Interest Generally. Borrower agrees to pay to the Lenders interest in cash on the outstanding principal amount of the Loans for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the sum of (i) Term SOFR plus (ii) the Applicable Margin. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, interest due and payable on December 31, 2022 shall accrue and be payable as set forth in the Existing Credit Agreement without giving effect to the Fourth Amendment. (b) Term SOFR Conforming Changes. In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. (c) Effect of Benchmark Transition Event. (i) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not 

-35- received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Majority Lenders. (ii) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to the Loan Documents. (iii) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (x) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (y) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders pursuant to this Section 3.02(c) including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.02(c). (iv) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (x) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (y) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (x) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (d) Default Interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Applicable Margin shall increase automatically by 4.00 per annum (the interest rate, as increased pursuant to this Section 3.02(d), being the Default Rate ). Notwithstanding any other provision herein, if interest is required to be paid at the Default Rate, it shall also be paid entirely in cash. If any Obligation is not paid when due under any 

-36- applicable Loan Document, the amount thereof shall accrue interest at the Default Rate. Payment or acceptance of the increased rates of interest provided for in this Section 3.02(d) is not a permitted alternative to timely payment and shall not constitute a waiver of any Default or otherwise prejudice or limit any rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. (e) Payment Dates. Accrued interest on the Loans shall be payable in arrears on each Payment Date with respect to the most recently completed Interest Period in cash, and upon the payment or prepayment of the Loans (on the principal amount being so paid or prepaid); provided that interest payable at the Default Rate shall be payable from time to time on demand by the Majority Lenders. (f) Maximum Rate. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in no event will any interest or rates referred to herein exceed the maximum interest rate permitted by applicable Law. If such maximum interest rate would be exceeded by the terms hereof, the rates of interest payable hereunder will be reduced to the extent necessary so that such rates (together with any fees or other amounts which are construed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be interest or in the nature of interest) equal the maximum interest rate permitted by applicable Law and any overpayment of interest received by the Lenders before such rates are so construed will be applied, forthwith after determination of such overpayment, to pay all then outstanding interest, and thereafter to pay outstanding principal. Section 3.03. Prepayments. (a) Optional Prepayments. (i) Borrower shall have the right to optionally prepay in whole or in part (in a minimum amount of 500,000 and integral multiples of 100,000 in excess of that amount for each partial prepayment, or, if less, the entire outstanding principal amount of the Loans) the outstanding principal amount of the Loans on any Business Day (a Redemption Date for an amount equal to the sum of (x) the aggregate principal amount of the Loans being prepaid, (y) the prepayment premium set forth in clause (ii) below (the Prepayment Premium and (z) any accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the aggregate principal amount of the Loans being prepaid (such aggregate amount, the Redemption Price ). The applicable Prepayment Premium shall be an amount calculated pursuant to Section 3.03(a)(ii). (ii) If the Redemption Date occurs: (A) on or prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, the Prepayment Premium shall be an amount equal to seven percent (7 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans being prepaid on such Redemption Date; (B) after the first anniversary of the Closing Date and on or prior to the second anniversary of the Closing Date, the Prepayment Premium shall be an 

-37- amount equal to six percent (6 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans being prepaid on such Redemption Date; (C) after the second anniversary of the Closing Date and on or prior to the third anniversary of the Closing Date, the Prepayment Premium shall be an amount equal to four percent (4 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans being prepaid on such Redemption Date; (D) after the third anniversary of the Closing Date and on or prior to the fourth anniversary of the Closing Date, the Prepayment Premium shall be an amount equal to three percent (3 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans being prepaid on such Redemption Date; and (E) after the fourth anniversary of the Closing Date and prior to the Stated Maturity Date, the Prepayment Premium shall be an amount equal to two percent (2 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans being prepaid on such Redemption Date. No Prepayment Premium shall be due with respect to repayment of the Loans on the Stated Maturity Date. (iii) Payment of any Prepayment Premium under this Section 3.03 constitutes liquidated damages, not unmatured interest or a penalty, as the actual amount of damages to the Lenders as a result of the relevant triggering event, prepayment or repayment would be impracticable and extremely difficult to ascertain. Accordingly, any Prepayment Premium hereunder is provided by mutual agreement of the Obligors and the Lenders as a reasonable estimation and calculation of such actual lost profits and other actual damages of the Lenders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that upon the occurrence of any prepayment event, any Prepayment Premium shall be automatically and immediately due and payable as though any prepaid or repaid portion of the Loans were voluntarily prepaid as of such date and shall constitute part of the Obligations secured by the Collateral. Any Prepayment Premium shall also be automatically and immediately due and payable if the Loans are satisfied or released by foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding or otherwise), deed in lieu of foreclosure or by any other means. EACH OBLIGOR HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES (TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY LAWFULLY DO SO) THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR OTHER LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF THE FOREGOING PREPAYMENT PREMIUM IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH EVENTS. Borrower and the other Obligors expressly agree (to the fullest extent it and they may lawfully do so) that with respect to any Prepayment Premium payable under the terms of this Agreement: (A) such Prepayment Premium is reasonable and is the product of an arm s length transaction between sophisticated business parties, ably represented by counsel; (B) such Prepayment Premium shall be payable notwithstanding the then-prevailing market rates at the time payment is made; (C) there has been a course of conduct between the Lenders and the 

-38- Obligors giving specific consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay such Prepayment Premium; and (D) the Obligors shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as agreed to in this paragraph. The Obligors expressly acknowledge that their agreement to pay such Prepayment Premium as herein described is a material inducement to the Lenders to provide the Commitments and to make the Loans. (b) Mandatory Prepayments. Borrower shall prepay the Loans in amounts as provided below, plus the Prepayment Premium on the principal amount of the Loans being prepaid (calculated in accordance with Section 3.03(a)(ii), it being agreed that the relevant payment date shall be deemed to be the Redemption Date for purposes of such calculation), plus any accrued but unpaid interest and fees then due and owing, as follows: (i) In the event of any Casualty Event, an amount equal to 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds received by any Obligor with respect thereto; provided, however, so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, within one hundred eighty (180) days after receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds, the Obligors may apply the Net Cash Proceeds of any casualty policy up to 1,000,000 with respect to any loss, but not exceeding 2,000,000 in the aggregate for all losses under all casualty policies during the term of this Agreement, toward the replacement or repair of destroyed or damaged property; provided, further, that any such replaced or repaired property shall be Collateral in which the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders has been granted a security interest under the Security Documents. (ii) In the event any Obligor incurs Indebtedness other than Indebtedness that is permitted by Section 9.01 hereof, 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds thereof received by such Obligor. For the avoidance of doubt, any partial prepayment made pursuant to this Section 3.03(b)(ii) shall not be deemed to be a consent to any such incurrence of Indebtedness or a cure or waiver of any Event of Default which occurs in connection therewith, it being understood that any such Event of Default may only be waived with the express consent of the Majority Lenders. (iii) In the event any Obligor consummates an Asset Sale other than an Asset Sale that is permitted by Section 9.09 hereof (other than Section 9.09(i)), 100 of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Obligor in connection with such Asset Sale; provided, however, so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, within one hundred eighty (180) days after receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds, the Obligors may use such Net Cash Proceeds not exceeding 500,000 in the aggregate for all Asset Sales during the term of this Agreement, to purchase, replace, repair or restore properties or assets used in the Obligors businesses; provided, further, that any such purchased, replaced, repaired or restored property shall be Collateral in which the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders has been granted a security interest under the Security Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, any partial prepayment made pursuant to this Section 3.03(b)(iii) shall not be deemed to be a consent to any Asset Sale or a cure or waiver of any Event of Default which occurs in connection therewith, it being understood that any such Event of Default may only be waived with the express consent of the Majority Lenders. 

-39- ARTICLE 4 PAYMENTS Section 4.01. Payments. (a) Payments Generally. Each payment of principal, interest and other amounts to be made by the Obligors under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made in Dollars, in immediately available funds, without deduction, set off or counterclaim, to the deposit account of the Administrative Agent specified to Borrower from time to time, not later than 2:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the date on which such payment shall become due (each such payment made after such time on such due date to be deemed to have been made on the next succeeding Business Day). (b) Application of Payments. Each payment under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be applied in the following order of priority, with proceeds being applied to a succeeding level of priority only if amounts owing pursuant to the immediately preceding level of priority have been paid in full in cash: (i) first, to the payment of any unpaid costs and expenses referred to in Section 13.03(a) then due and owing; (ii) second, in reduction of Borrower s obligation to pay any unpaid interest and any fees then due and owing including, without limitation, (x) interest payable pursuant to Section 3.02(d) and (y) any Prepayment Premium, if applicable; (iii) third, in reduction of Borrower s obligation to pay any Claims or Losses referred to in Section 13.03(b) then due and owing; (iv) fourth, to the payment of unpaid principal of the Loans on a pro rata basis; (v) fifth, in reduction of any other Obligation then due and owing; and (vi) sixth, to Borrower or such other Persons as may lawfully be entitled to or directed by Borrower to receive the remainder. Unless otherwise directed by the Majority Lenders, all payments of principal, interest and fees under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be made by the Obligors to the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Lenders respective Proportionate Shares of such payments. (c) Non-Business Days. If the due date of any payment under this Agreement (whether in respect of principal, interest, fees, costs or otherwise) would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, such date shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. 

-40- Section 4.02. Computations. All computations of interest and fees hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed during the period for which payable. Section 4.03. Notices. Each notice of optional prepayment shall be effective only if received by the Lenders not later than 2:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the date three (3) Business Days prior to the date of prepayment. Each notice of optional prepayment shall specify the amount to be prepaid and the date of prepayment. Section 4.04. Set-Off. (a) Set-Off Generally. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and each of their respective Affiliates are hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by the Lenders or such Affiliates to or for the credit or the account of any Obligor against any and all of the Obligations, whether or not the Lenders shall have made any demand and although such Obligations may be unmatured. Any Person exercising rights of set-off hereunder agrees to promptly notify Borrower after any such set-off and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of the Lenders and their respective Affiliates under this Section 4.04 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of set-off) that the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may have. (b) Exercise of Rights Not Required. Nothing contained herein shall require the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any of their respective Affiliates to exercise any such right or shall affect the right of such Persons to exercise, and retain the benefits of exercising, any such right with respect to any other indebtedness or obligation of any Obligor. ARTICLE 5 YIELD PROTECTION Section 5.01. Additional Costs. (a) Change in Requirements of Law Generally. If, on or after the date hereof, the adoption of any Requirement of Law, or any change in any Requirement of Law, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any court or other Governmental Authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any Lender (or its lending office) with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any such Governmental Authority, shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve (including any such requirement imposed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), special deposit, contribution, insurance assessment or similar requirement, in each case that becomes effective after the date hereof, against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, a Lender (or its lending office) or shall impose on a Lender (or its lending office) any other condition affecting the Loans or the Commitment, not as a result of any action or inaction on the part of such 

-41- Lender, and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to any Lender of making or maintaining its portion of the Loans, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by any Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, by an amount reasonably deemed by such Lender in good faith to be material (other than (i) Indemnified Taxes, (ii) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (iii) Connection Income Taxes), then Borrower shall, without duplication, pay to such Lender on demand therefor such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such increased cost or reduction. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to constitute a change in Requirements of Law for all purposes of this Section 5.01, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. (b) Change in Capital Requirements. If a Lender shall have determined that, on or after the date hereof, the adoption of any Requirement of Law regarding capital adequacy, or any change therein, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or any request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) of any such Governmental Authority, in each case that becomes effective after the date hereof, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on capital of a Lender (or its parent) as a consequence of a Lender s obligations hereunder or the Loans to a level below that which a Lender (or its parent) could have achieved but for such adoption, change, request or directive by an amount reasonably deemed by it to be material, then Borrower shall pay to such Lender on demand therefor such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender (or its parent) for such reduction. (c) Notification by Lender. The Lenders will promptly notify Borrower of any event of which it has knowledge, occurring after the date hereof, which will entitle a Lender to compensation pursuant to this Section 5.01. Before giving any such notice pursuant to this Section 5.01(c) such Lender shall designate a different lending office if such designation (x) will, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, avoid the need for, or reduce the amount of, such compensation and (y) will not, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. A certificate of the Lender claiming compensation under this Section 5.01, setting forth the amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder, shall be conclusive and binding on Borrower in the absence of manifest error. Section 5.02. Illegality. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in the event that on or after the date hereof the adoption of or any change in any Requirement of Law or in the interpretation or application thereof by any competent Governmental Authority shall make it unlawful for a Lender or its lending office to make or maintain the Loans (and, in the opinion of such Lender, the designation of a different lending office would either not avoid such unlawfulness or would be disadvantageous to such Lender), then such Lender shall promptly notify Borrower thereof following which (a) the Lender s Commitment shall be suspended until such time as such Lender may again make and maintain the Loans hereunder and (b) if such Requirement of Law shall so mandate, the Loans shall be prepaid by Borrower on or before such date as shall be 

-42- mandated by such Requirement of Law in an amount equal to the Redemption Price applicable on the date of such prepayment in accordance with Section 3.03(a); provided that no Prepayment Premium pursuant to Section 3.03(a)(ii) shall be due with respect thereto. Section 5.03. Taxes. (a) Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any Obligation shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Law. If any applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Administrative Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by an Obligor, then such Obligor shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by such Obligor shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding for Indemnified Taxes has been made (including such deductions and withholdings for Indemnified Taxes applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 5.03) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding for Indemnified Taxes been made. For purposes of this Section, the term applicable Law includes FATCA. (b) Payment of Other Taxes by Borrower. Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent, timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. (c) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by Borrower to a Governmental Authority, as a withholding Tax pursuant to this Section 5.03, Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, or a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (d) Indemnification. Borrower shall reimburse and indemnify each Recipient, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 5.03) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (e) Indemnification by the Lender. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of Borrower to do so), and (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by 

-43- the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). (f) Status of Lenders. (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from, or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or as reasonably requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 5.03(f)(ii)(A), (B) or (D)) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or the Administrative Agent), duly completed, valid, executed copies of IRS Form W-9 (or successor form) certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. Federal backup withholding Tax; (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the Recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income Tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, duly completed, valid executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN (or successor form) or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or successor form) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such Tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other 

-44- applicable payments under any Loan Document, duly completed, valid, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN (or successor form) or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or successor form) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such Tax treaty; (2) duly completed, valid, executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI (or successor form); (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN (or successor form) or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or successor form); or (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, duly completed, valid, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY (or successor form), accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI (or successor form), IRS Form W-8BEN (or successor form), IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or successor form), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, IRS Form W-9 (or successor form), and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the Recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. Federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by 

-45- Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for Borrower or the Administrative Agent to comply with its obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. Each Recipient agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall promptly update such form or certification or promptly notify Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. (g) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party to this Agreement determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 5.03 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 5.03), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the written request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.03(g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 5.03(g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This Section 5.03(g) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. (h) Mitigation Obligations. If Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or to any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 5.01 or this Section 5.03, then such Lender shall (at the request of Borrower) use commercially reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign and delegate its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates if, in the sole reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment and delegation would (i) eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 5.01 or this Section 5.03, as the case may be, in the future, (ii) not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and (iii) not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. (i) Survival. Each party s obligations under this Article 5 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, 

-46- a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. Section 5.04. Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Article 5 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation; provided that Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Article for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than six (6) months prior to the date that such Lender notifies Borrower of the change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions, and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the six (6) month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). ARTICLE 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT Section 6.01. Conditions to Tranche A Loan; Closing Date. The obligation of each Lender to make the Tranche A Loan on the Closing Date shall not become effective until the following conditions precedent shall have been reasonably satisfied or waived in writing by the Administrative Agent (which satisfaction or waiver may be made simultaneously with the making of the Tranche A Loan hereunder): (a) Organization and Capitalization. The organizational structure and pro- forma capitalization of the Obligors, after giving effect to the Transactions, as set forth on Schedule 7.19 shall be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (b) Terms of Material Agreements. The Administrative Agent shall be satisfied in its sole discretion with the terms and conditions of all of the Obligors Material Agreements. (c) No Law Restraining Transactions. No applicable Law or regulation shall restrain, prevent or, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, impose materially adverse conditions upon the Transactions. (d) Lien Searches. The Administrative Agent shall be satisfied with Lien searches regarding the Obligors made prior to the Closing Date. (e) Documentary Deliveries. The Administrative Agent shall have received the following documents, each of which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: (i) Agreement. This Agreement duly executed and delivered by Borrower and each of the other parties hereto. 

-47- (ii) Security Documents. (A) The Security Documents, including, without limitation, the Security Agreement, each Short-Form IP Security Agreement and financing statements, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and duly executed and delivered by each of the Obligors and the other parties thereto. (B) The Collateral Questionnaire, duly executed and delivered by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit I hereto and otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (C) Without limitation, all other documents and instruments reasonably required to perfect the Administrative Agent s Lien on, and security interest in, the Collateral required to be delivered on or prior to the Closing Date shall have been duly executed and delivered and be in proper form for filing, and shall create in favor of the Administrative Agent, a perfected Lien on, and security interest in, the Collateral, subject to no Liens other than Permitted Liens. (iii) Note. Any Notes requested in accordance with Section 2.04. (iv) Approvals. Borrower shall certify to the Administrative Agent that all material licenses, consents, authorizations and approvals of, and notices to and filings and registrations with, any Governmental Authority (including all foreign exchange approvals) in connection with the Transactions have been made or obtained, and all material third-party consents and approvals, necessary in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Obligors of the Loan Documents and the Transactions have been obtained. (v) Organizational Documents. (A) Certified copies of the Organizational Documents of each Obligor and of resolutions of the Board (or similar governing body) of each Obligor approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, certified as of the Closing Date by a Responsible Officer of such Obligor as being in full force and effect without modification or amendment; (B) a good standing certificate and/or compliance certificate from the applicable Governmental Authority of each Obligor s (x) jurisdiction of incorporation and (y) jurisdiction(s) in which it is qualified as a foreign corporation or other entity to do business (except where failure to be in good standing would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect), each dated a recent date prior to the Closing Date; and (C) such other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 

-48- (vi) Incumbency Certificate. A certificate of each Obligor as to the authority, incumbency and specimen signatures of the persons who have executed the Loan Documents and any other documents in connection herewith on behalf of the Obligors. (vii) Opinion of Counsel. A favorable opinion, dated as of the Closing Date, of Wiggin and Dana LLP, counsel to each Obligor in form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. (viii) Evidence of Insurance. Certificates from Borrower s insurance broker or other evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that all insurance required to be maintained pursuant to Section 8.05 is in full force and effect. (ix) Borrowing Notice. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Notice in accordance with Section 2.01(a)(ii) duly executed and delivered by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (f) Due Diligence. The Administrative Agent shall have received and be satisfied with all due diligence regarding the Obligors (including without limitation historical financial statements, Projections, technical, operational, legal, intellectual property, commercial market forecasts, clinical and regulatory assessments, supply chain, securities, labor, Tax, litigation, environmental, reimbursement and regulatory authority matters) in its sole discretion. (g) Indebtedness. As of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the Transactions, no Obligor shall have Indebtedness other than the Obligations and any Indebtedness specified on Schedule 7.13A. All amounts due or outstanding in respect of any Indebtedness other than the Obligations and any Indebtedness specified on Schedule 7.13A shall have been repaid in full, all commitments (if any) in respect thereof terminated, all guarantees (if any) thereof discharged and released and all security therefor (if any) released, together with all fees and other amounts owing thereon, or documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent to effect such release upon such repayment and termination shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent. (h) Closing Fees, Expenses, Etc. The Lenders and their Affiliates shall have received for their own account, the Closing Fee and all fees, costs and expenses due (including applicable attorney costs and the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of any other advisors to the Lenders) and payable pursuant to Section 13.03, after deducting therefrom the Expense Deposit. (i) Warrant Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received the executed Warrant Certificate, dated as of the Closing Date. (j) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Obligors contained in Article 7 or any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all 

-49- material respects on and as of the Closing Date; provided that to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided further that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects. (k) No Default. No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom. (l) Miscellaneous. The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have received such other opinions, instruments, certificates and documents as the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall have reasonably requested with prior notice to Borrower. (m) Equity Raise. Borrower shall have completed the Series D preferred equity raise on terms and provisions reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, which results in minimum gross cash proceeds to Borrower of at least 75,000,000. Section 6.02. Conditions to Tranche B Loan; Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date. The obligation of each Lender to make the Tranche B Loan on the Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date shall not become effective until the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied or waived in writing by the Administrative Agent (which satisfaction or waiver may be made simultaneously with the making of the Tranche B Loan hereunder): (a) Borrowing Notice. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Notice in accordance with Section 2.01(b)(ii) requesting the Borrowing of the Tranche B Loan duly executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower and Borrower s updated Schedules to this Agreement (if any), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (b) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Obligors contained in Article 7 or any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date; provided that to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided further that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects. (c) No Default. No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom. Section 6.03. Conditions to Tranche C Loan; Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date. The obligation of each Lender to make the Tranche C Loan on the Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date shall not become effective until the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied or 

-50- waived in writing by the Administrative Agent (which satisfaction or waiver may be made simultaneously with the making of the Tranche C Loan hereunder): (a) Borrowing Notice. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Notice in accordance with Section 2.01(c)(ii) requesting the Borrowing of the Tranche C Loan duly executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower and Borrower s updated Schedules to this Agreement (if any), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (b) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Obligors contained in Article 7 or any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date; provided that to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided further that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects. (c) No Default. No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom. (d) Expenses, Etc. The Lenders and their Affiliates shall have received for their own account, all fees, costs and expenses due (including applicable attorney costs and the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of any other advisors to the Lenders) and payable pursuant to Section 13.03. Section 6.04. Conditions to Tranche D Loan; Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date. The obligation of each Lender to make the Tranche D Loan on the Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date shall not become effective until the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied or waived in writing by the Administrative Agent (which satisfaction or waiver may be made simultaneously with the making of the Tranche D Loan hereunder): (a) Borrowing Notice. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Notice in accordance with Section 2.01(d)(ii) requesting the Borrowing of the Tranche D Loan duly executed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower and Borrower s updated Schedules to this Agreement (if any), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (b) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Obligors contained in Article 7 or any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date; provided that to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided further that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects. 

-51- (c) No Default. No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom. (d) Officer s Certificate. A certificate, dated as of the Tranche D Borrowing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of Borrower, confirming compliance with the conditions set forth in this Section 6.04. (e) Milestone. The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that Borrower is in pro-forma compliance with the revenue covenant in Section 8.15(b) for the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2022. (f) Expenses, Etc. The Lenders and their Affiliates shall have received for their own account, all fees, costs and expenses due (including applicable attorney costs and the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of any other advisors to the Lenders) and payable pursuant to Section 13.03. The borrowing of the Loans shall constitute a certification by Borrower to the effect that the conditions set forth in Section 6.01, Section 6.02, Section 6.03 and Section 6.04, as applicable, have been fulfilled as of the Closing Date, the Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date, the Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date or the Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date, or waived by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders, as applicable. ARTICLE 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES In order to induce the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to extend the Loans hereunder, each Obligor represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, on the Closing Date, on the Tranche B Loan Borrowing Date, on the Tranche C Loan Borrowing Date and on the Tranche D Loan Borrowing Date, as applicable, that the following statements are true and correct: Section 7.01. Power and Authority. Each Obligor and each of its Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of organization, (b) has all requisite corporate (or equivalent) power, and has all material governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals necessary to own its assets and carry on its business as now being or as proposed to be conducted except to the extent that failure to have the same would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (c) is qualified to do business and is in good standing in all jurisdictions in which the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary except where failure to so qualify would not (either individually or in the aggregate) reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (d) has full power, authority and legal right to make and perform each of the Loan Documents and, in the case of Borrower, to borrow the Loans hereunder. Section 7.02. Authorization; Enforceability. The Transactions are within each Obligor s corporate (or equivalent) powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate (or 

-52- equivalent) action and, if required, by all necessary shareholder or other equity holder action. The Loan Documents have been duly executed and delivered by each Obligor party thereto and constitutes, and each of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party when executed and delivered by such Obligor will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor, enforceable against each Obligor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (a) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws of general applicability affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and (b) the application of general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). Section 7.03. Governmental and Other Approvals; No Conflicts. The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority or any other Person, except for (i) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (ii) filings and recordings in respect of perfecting or recording the Liens created pursuant to the Security Documents and (iii) those consents listed on Schedule 7.03, (b) will not violate any Requirement of Law or the Organizational Documents of any Obligor or any order of any Governmental Authority, other than any such violations that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any Material Agreement, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any such Person, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) on any asset of any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries. Section 7.04. Financial Statements; Projections; Material Adverse Change. (a) Financial Statements. Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Administrative Agent certain financial statements as provided for in Section 8.01. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Obligors as of such dates and for such periods substantially in accordance with GAAP, subject to quarterly or year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes. No Obligor has any material contingent liabilities or liabilities for taxes, long-term lease or unusual forward or long-term commitments not disclosed in the aforementioned financial statements. (b) Projections. On and as of the Closing Date, the projections of the Obligors (collectively, the Projections are based on good faith estimates and assumptions made by the management of Borrower; provided, the Projections are not to be viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or periods covered by the Projections may differ from such Projections and that the differences may be material; provided, further, as of the Closing Date, the management of Borrower believes that the Projections are reasonable and attainable. (c) No Material Adverse Change. Since December 31, 2019, no event, circumstance or change has occurred that has caused or evidences, either in individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Change. 

-53- Section 7.05. Properties. (a) Property Generally. Each Obligor has good and marketable fee simple title to, or valid leasehold or license interests in, all its real and personal Property material to its business, subject only to Permitted Liens and except as would not reasonably be expected to interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes. (b) Intellectual Property. (i) Schedule 7.05(b) lists, with respect to each Obligor, all United States and foreign registrations of and applications for Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights, and industrial designs that are Obligor Intellectual Property, including the applicable jurisdiction, registration or application number and date, as applicable thereto, a designation as to whether it is Material Intellectual Property, and a designation as to whether it is licensed or owned by Obligor. (ii) Each Obligor (A) owns or possesses all legal and beneficial rights, title and interest in and to Material Intellectual Property designated on Schedule 7.05(b) as being owned by such Obligor and (B) has the right to use the Material Intellectual Property licensed to such Obligor, in each case free and clear of any Liens or Claims of any kind, other than Permitted Liens. (iii) To Obligors knowledge, the Material Intellectual Property does not violate any license or infringe any valid and enforceable Intellectual Property right of another. (iv) Other than with respect to the Material Agreements, or as permitted by this Agreement, the Obligors have not assigned or otherwise transferred ownership of, or agreed to assign or otherwise transfer ownership of, any Material Intellectual Property, in whole or in part, to any Person who is not an Obligor. (v) Other than as set forth on Schedule 7.05(b), the Obligors have not received any written communications, nor is there any pending or, to each Obligor s knowledge, threatened action in writing, suit, proceeding or claim in writing by another, alleging that any of the Obligors has violated, infringed, diluted or misappropriated any Intellectual Property of another. (vi) There is no pending or, to any Obligor s knowledge, threatened action in writing, suit, proceeding or claim in writing by another: (a) challenging an Obligor s rights in or to any Material Intellectual Property owned by such Obligor; or (b) challenging the validity, enforceability or scope of any Material Intellectual Property owned by an Obligor. (vii) Each Obligor has taken commercially reasonable precautions to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of the Material Intellectual Property (including without limitation, by requiring that all relevant current and former employees, contractors and consultants of the Obligors execute written confidentiality and invention assignment Contracts). (viii) Each Obligor has complied with the material terms of each Material Agreement pursuant to which Intellectual Property has been licensed to the Obligors (which material terms shall include, but not be limited to, pricing and duration of the agreement). 

-54- (ix) All maintenance fees, annuities, and the like due or payable on the Patents within Material Intellectual Property have been timely paid or the failure to so pay was the result of an intentional decision by the applicable Obligor, which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. All documents and instruments necessary to register or apply for or renew registration of all Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights within the Material Intellectual Property have been validly executed, delivered and filed in a timely manner with the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office, as applicable. (x) To each Obligor s knowledge, there are no material defects in any of the Patents within Material Intellectual Property and no such Patents within Material Intellectual Property have ever been finally adjudicated to be invalid, unpatentable or unenforceable for any reason in any administrative, arbitration, judicial or other proceeding. (xi) To each Obligor s knowledge, no Obligor has received any written notice asserting that the Patents within the Material Intellectual Property are invalid, unpatentable or unenforceable and, to each Obligor s knowledge, no Obligor has engaged in any conduct, or omitted to perform any necessary act, the result of which would invalidate or render unpatentable or unenforceable any such Patent within the Material Intellectual Property. (xii) Each employee and consultant has signed a written agreement assigning to the applicable Obligor all intellectual property rights that are related to such Obligor s business as now conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted and confidentiality provisions protecting trade secrets and confidentiality information of the Obligors. (xiii) To the knowledge of each Obligor, no third party is infringing upon or misappropriating, or violating any material license or agreement with such Obligor relating to any Material Intellectual Property. Section 7.06. No Actions or Proceedings. (a) Litigation. There is no litigation, investigation or enforcement proceeding pending or threatened in writing with respect to any Obligor by or before any Governmental Authority or arbitrator (i) that either individually or in the aggregate would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that involves this Agreement or the Transactions. (b) Environmental Matters. The operations and the real Property of the Obligors comply with all applicable Environmental Laws, except to the extent the failure to so comply, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To each Obligor s knowledge, there have been no conditions, occurrences or release of Hazardous Materials which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (c) Labor Matters. No Obligor has engaged in unfair labor practices and there are no pending or, to any Obligor s knowledge, threatened in writing labor actions, disputes, grievance or arbitration proceedings involving the employees of any Obligor, in each case that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no material strike or work stoppage in existence or threatened in writing against any Obligor. 

-55- Section 7.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements. Each Obligor is in compliance with all Requirements of Law (including CLIA and Environmental Laws) and all Contracts binding upon it or its Property, except (other than with respect to Material Intellectual Property) where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Section 7.08. Taxes. Each Obligor has timely filed or caused to be filed all federal income and other material Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all federal income and other material Taxes required to have been paid by it, except Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Obligor has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto substantially in accordance with GAAP. Section 7.09. Full Disclosure. Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders all Material Agreements to which any Obligor is party, and all other matters to its knowledge, that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Obligors to the Lenders in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or delivered hereunder or thereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. Section 7.10. Regulation. (a) Investment Company Act. No Obligor is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. (b) Margin Stock. No Obligor is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used to buy or carry any Margin Stock in violation of Regulation T, U or X. Section 7.11. Solvency. The Obligors, on a consolidated basis, are and, immediately after giving effect to the Borrowings, the use of proceeds thereof, and the consummation of the Transactions, will be, Solvent. Section 7.12. Subsidiaries. Except as set forth on Schedule 7.12 (as such Schedule may be updated by Borrower from time to time), Borrower has no direct or indirect Subsidiaries. Section 7.13. Indebtedness and Liens. Set forth on Schedule 7.13A is a complete and correct list of all Permitted Indebtedness of each Obligor described in Section 9.01(b) as of the date hereof. Set forth on Schedule 7.13B is a complete and correct list of all Permitted Liens 

-56- described in Section 9.02(b) granted by an Obligor with respect to its respective Property and outstanding as of the date hereof. Section 7.14. Material Agreements. Set forth on Schedule 7.14 (as such Schedule may be updated by Borrower from time to time) is a complete and correct list of (i) each Material Agreement and (ii) each Contract creating or evidencing any Material Indebtedness, together with a summary reference to the product or purpose of each such Material Agreement and such Contract, to which an Obligor is a party. Accurate and complete copies of each such Contract listed on such schedule have been made available to the Lenders. No Obligor is in default in any material respect under any such Material Agreement or such Contract creating or evidencing any Material Indebtedness listed on such schedule, and no Obligor has knowledge of any default in any material respect by any counterparty to such Material Agreement or such Contract. Except as otherwise disclosed on Schedule 7.14 (as such Schedule may be updated by Borrower from time to time), all material vendor purchase agreements and provider Contracts of the Obligors, and all Material Agreements including a grant of rights under any Intellectual Property to an Obligor, are in full force and effect without material modification from the form in which the same were disclosed to the Lenders. Section 7.15. Restrictive Agreements. None of the Obligors is party to any Restrictive Agreement, except (i) those listed on Schedule 7.15 or otherwise permitted under Section 9.11, (ii) restrictions and conditions imposed by Law or by the Loan Documents, (iii) any stockholder agreement or investor rights agreement, charter, by laws or other organizational documents of an Obligor and (iv) limitations associated with Permitted Liens. Section 7.16. Real Property. No Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries owns or leases (as tenant thereof) any real Property on the date hereof, except as described on Schedule 7.16. Section 7.17. Pension and Other Plans. Schedule 7.17 sets forth, as of the date hereof, a complete and correct list of, and that separately identifies, (a) all Title IV Plans, (b) all Multiemployer Plans and (c) all material Benefit Plans. Each Benefit Plan, and each trust thereunder, intended to qualify for Tax exempt status under Section 401 or 501 of the Code or other Requirements of Law so qualifies. Except for those that would not, in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, (x) each Benefit Plan is in compliance with applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Requirements of Law, (y) there are no existing or pending (or to the knowledge of any Obligor or Subsidiary thereof, threatened) claims (other than routine claims for benefits in the normal course), sanctions, actions, lawsuits or other proceedings or investigation involving any Benefit Plan to which any Obligor or Subsidiary thereof incurs or otherwise has or would have an obligation or any liability or Claim and (z) no ERISA Event is reasonably expected to occur. Borrower and each of its ERISA Affiliates has met all applicable requirements under the ERISA Funding Rules with respect to each Title IV Plan, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under the ERISA Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained. As of the most recent valuation date for any Title IV Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is at least 60 , and neither Borrower nor any of its ERISA Affiliates knows of any facts or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage to fall below 60 as of the most recent valuation date. As of the date hereof, no ERISA Event has occurred in connection with which obligations and 

-57- liabilities (contingent or otherwise) remain outstanding. No ERISA Affiliate would have any Withdrawal Liability as a result of a complete withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan on the date this representation is made. Section 7.18. Collateral; Security Interest. Each Security Document is effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral subject thereto and each such security interest is perfected to the extent required by (and has the priority required by) the applicable Security Document, subject to Permitted Liens. The Security Documents collectively are effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral, which upon the filing of financing statements and other similar statements filed in the appropriate offices, such security interests are perfected security interests (subject only to Permitted Liens) to the extent that such perfection may be obtained by such filing. Section 7.19. Capitalization. All of the issued and outstanding securities of each Obligor have been duly authorized, are validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable. As of the Closing Date and except as set forth on Schedule 7.19, there are no outstanding or authorized options, warrants, purchase rights, subscription rights, conversion rights, exchange rights, or other contracts or commitments that could require the Obligors to issue, sell, or otherwise cause to become outstanding any of their ownership interests. There are no outstanding or authorized stock appreciation, phantom stock, profit participation, or similar rights with respect to the Obligors. None of the Equity Interests in any Obligor has been mortgaged, assigned or pledged in favor of any Person, other than pursuant to the Security Agreement. Section 7.20. Insurance. Each Obligor has obtained (and is maintaining), insurance for its assets (including the Collateral) and business as required under the Loan Documents. Section 7.21. Certain Fees. Except as described on Schedule 7.21, no broker s or finder s fee will be payable in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement. Section 7.22. Sanctions Laws. Obligors and, to the knowledge of the Obligors, any director, officer or employee of an Obligor acting on behalf of the Obligors, are in compliance with the Sanctions Laws. Section 7.23. Anti-Corruption Laws. No Obligor nor any of its Subsidiaries has, nor, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of any Obligor, has any director, officer, agent or employee of any Obligor acting on behalf of such Obligor (i) taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such Persons of the Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) made, offered to make, promised to make or authorized the payment or giving of, directly or indirectly, any Prohibited Payment or (iii) been subject to any investigation by any Governmental Authority with regard to any actual or alleged Prohibited Payment. Section 7.24. Anti-Terrorism Laws. The Obligors (i) have taken reasonable measures to ensure compliance with applicable Economic Sanctions Laws and Anti-Terrorism Laws, (ii) are not Designated Persons and (iii) have not used any part of the proceeds from any advance on behalf of any Designated Person or has not used, directly by it or indirectly through any Subsidiary, such 

-58- proceeds in connection with any investment in, or any transactions or dealings with, any Designated Person. ARTICLE 8 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS AND FINANCIAL COVENANTS Each Obligor covenants and agrees with the Lenders that, until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and all Obligations (other than the Warrant Obligations and inchoate indemnity obligations) have been paid in full in cash: Section 8.01. Financial Statements and Other Information. It will furnish to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders: (a) as soon as available and in any event within thirty-five (35) days after the end of each month prior to a Qualified Public Offering, the consolidated balance sheet of the Obligors as of the end of each such month, and the related consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Obligors for such month and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such month, all in reasonable detail and setting forth in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period in the preceding fiscal year, together with a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Borrower stating that such financial statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Obligors as at such date and the results of operations of the Obligors for the period ended on such date and have been prepared substantially in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to changes resulting from normal, quarterly or year-end adjustments and except for the absence of notes; (b) as soon as available and in any event within forty-five (45) days after the end of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year, the consolidated balance sheet of the Obligors as of the end of such quarter, and the related consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Obligors for such quarter and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such quarter, all in reasonable detail and setting forth in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period in the preceding fiscal year, together with (i) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Borrower stating that such financial statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Obligors as at such date and the results of operations of the Obligors for the period ended on such date and have been prepared substantially in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to changes resulting from normal quarterly or year-end adjustments and except for the absence of footnotes and (ii) a management s discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations, including the Obligors liquidity and capital resources; provided that, if the Borrower is a Publicly Reporting Company, the Borrower s filing of a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 8.01(b) on the date on which such report is first available via the SEC s EDGAR system or a successor system related thereto; 

-59- (c) as soon as available and in any event within one hundred fifty (150) days after the end of each fiscal year, the consolidated balance sheet of the Obligors as of the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Obligors for such fiscal year, prepared substantially in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, all in reasonable detail and setting forth in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, accompanied by (i) a report and opinion thereon of Cohn Reznick LLP or another independent certified public accountant acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception (other than solely with respect to, or expressly resulting solely from, the repayment of the Loans on the Stated Maturity Date) or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit and (ii) a management s discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations, including the Obligors liquidity and capital resources; provided that, if the Borrower is a Publicly Reporting Company, the Borrower s filing of a Yearly Report on Form 10-K with the SEC shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 8.01(c) on the date on which such report is first available via the SEC s EDGAR system or a successor system related thereto; (d) within thirty-five (35) days after the end of each month, a compliance certificate of a Responsible Officer of Borrower as of the end of the applicable accounting period (which delivery may, unless a Lender requests executed originals, be by electronic communication including email and shall be deemed to be an original authentic counterpart thereof for all purposes) in the form of Exhibit E (a Compliance Certificate which, for purposes of clarification, shall (i) demonstrate the Obligors compliance with Section 8.15(a) in respect of such month, (ii) for each month end that coincides with the end of a fiscal quarter of Borrower, state that the representations and warranties made by the Obligors in Article 7 are true in all material respects on and as of the date thereof; provided that to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided further that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects, (iii) for each month end that coincides with the end of a fiscal quarter of Borrower, demonstrate Borrower s compliance with Section 8.15(b) in respect of such fiscal quarter and (iv) for each month end that coincides with the end of a fiscal year of Borrower, provide Obligors updated Schedules to this Agreement (if any); (e) promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof by an Obligor, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from any securities regulator or exchange to the authority of which an Obligor is subject concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such agency regarding financial or other operational results of such Obligor; (f) the information regarding insurance maintained by the Obligors as and when required under Section 8.05; 

-60- (g) promptly following the Lenders written request at any time, proof of the Obligors compliance with Section 8.15(a); (h) within ten (10) days of delivery, copies of all periodic reports distributed by Borrower to its shareholders generally; provided that (i) any such material may be redacted by Borrower to exclude information relating to the Loan Documents or the Lenders and (ii) the Lenders shall not be entitled to receive statements, reports and notices relating to topics that (x) are subject to attorney-client privilege or (y) present a conflict of interest for the Lenders; (i) a financial forecast for the Obligors for each fiscal year, including forecasted balance sheets, statements of income and cash flows of the Obligors, all of which shall be prepared on a consolidated basis and delivered not later than February 28 of such fiscal year; (j) promptly following any Lender s written request, certification that such Obligor is not a passive foreign investment company PFIC within the meaning of Sections 1291 through 1297 of the Code, or, if such Obligor determines that it is a PFIC, such information as would allow the Lender to make a qualified electing fund election with respect to the stock of the Obligor; (k) after Borrower becomes a Publicly Reporting Company, within five (5) Business Days of filing, provide access (via posting and/or links on Borrower s web site) to all reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filed with the SEC, any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of the SEC or with any national securities exchange; and within five (5) Business Days of filing, provide notice and access (via posting and/or links on Borrower s web site) to all reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC, and copies of (or access to, via posting and/or links on Borrower s web site) all other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by Borrower with the SEC, any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of the functions of the SEC or with any national securities exchange; (l) promptly after the receipt thereof, a copy of any management letter received from its certified public accounts and the management s response thereto; and (m) such other information respecting the operations, properties, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Obligors (including with respect to the Collateral) as the Lenders may from time to time reasonably request. Section 8.02. Notices of Material Events. It will furnish to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders written notice of the following promptly after a Responsible Officer of an Obligor first learns of the existence of: (a) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; 

-61- (b) the occurrence of any event with respect to any Obligor s Property resulting in a Loss, to the extent not covered by insurance, aggregating 250,000 or more; (c) (i) any proposed Acquisition by any Obligor that would reasonably be expected to result in environmental liability under Environmental Laws in excess of 250,000, and (ii) in each case, to the extent that any of the following would reasonably be expected to result in liability in excess of 250,000: (A) spillage, leakage, discharge, disposal, leaching, migration or release of any Hazardous Material required to be reported to any Governmental Authority under applicable Environmental Laws, and (B) all actions, suits, claims, notices of violation, hearings, investigations or proceedings pending, or threatened in writing against or affecting any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or with respect to the ownership, use, maintenance and operation of their respective businesses, operations or properties, relating to Environmental Laws or Hazardous Material; (d) the assertion of any environmental matter by any Person in writing against, or with respect to the activities of, any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries and any alleged violation of or non-compliance with any Environmental Laws or any permits, licenses or authorizations, in each case, which would reasonably be expected to involve damages in excess of 250,000 other than any environmental matter or alleged violation that, if adversely determined, would not (either individually or in the aggregate) have a Material Adverse Effect; (e) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or directly affecting any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case, that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (f) (i) on or prior to any filing by any ERISA Affiliate of any notice of intent to terminate any Title IV Plan, a copy of such notice and (ii) promptly, and in any event within ten (10) days, after any Responsible Officer of any ERISA Affiliate knows or has reason to know that a request for a minimum funding waiver under Section 412 of the Code has been filed with respect to any Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan, a notice (which may be made by telephone if promptly confirmed in writing) describing such waiver request and any action that any ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto, together with a copy of any notice filed with the PBGC or the IRS pertaining thereto; (g) within five (5) Business Days of obtaining written notice or knowledge thereof, (i) the termination of any Material Agreement; (ii) the receipt by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries of a written notice under any Material Agreement (and a copy thereof) asserting a default by such Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries where such alleged default would permit such counterparty to terminate such Material Agreement; (iii) the entering into any new Material Agreement by an Obligor (and a copy thereof); or (iv) any amendment to a Material Agreement that would be materially adverse to the Lenders (and a copy thereof) (which includes, but is not limited to, any amendments to provisions relating to pricing and term), provided that notices required under this subsection (g) may 

-62- be delivered with Borrower s monthly Compliance Certificate unless any of the foregoing events would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (h) any product recalls, safety alerts, corrections, withdrawals, marketing suspensions, removals or the like conducted, to be undertaken or issued by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries, whether or not at the request, demand or order of any Governmental Authority; (i) within five (5) Business Days of obtaining written notice or knowledge thereof, any infringement or other violation by any Person of any Obligor Intellectual Property that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (j) within five (5) Business Days of obtaining written notice or knowledge thereof, a material licensing agreement or arrangement entered into by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any material infringement or alleged infringement of the Intellectual Property of another Person; (k) within five (5) Business Days of obtaining written notice or knowledge thereof, any written claim by any Person that the conduct of any Obligor s (or any Subsidiary thereof) business, including the development, manufacture, use, sale or other commercialization of any product, infringes any Intellectual Property of such Person, except to the extent any such claim would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (l) the reports and notices as and when required by the Security Documents; (m) within thirty (30) days of the date thereof, or, if earlier, on the date of delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 8.01, notice of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Obligors; (n) promptly after the occurrence thereof, notice of any labor controversy resulting in or threatening to result in any strike, work stoppage, boycott, shutdown or other material labor disruption against or involving an Obligor (or any Subsidiary thereof); (o) any other development that results in, or would reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect; (p) concurrently with the delivery of financial statements under Section 8.01(a), (b) or (c), the creation or other acquisition of any Intellectual Property by any Obligor or any Subsidiary after the date hereof and during such prior fiscal year which is registered or becomes registered or the subject of an application for registration with the United States Copyright Office or the United States Patent and Trademark Office, as applicable, or with any other equivalent foreign Governmental Authority; and (q) any change to any Obligor s ownership of Deposit Accounts, Securities Accounts and Commodity Accounts, by delivering to the Lenders an updated Schedule 7 

-63- to the Security Agreement setting forth a complete and correct list of all such accounts as of the date of such change. Each notice delivered under this Section 8.02 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of Borrower setting forth in reasonable detail the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, without limitation, Sections 8.01 and 8.02), until such time as the Administrative Agent provides written notice to Borrower that it no longer desires to receive information that constitutes material non-public information, Borrower shall provide any information required pursuant to the terms hereof, including any information that may be material non-public information, to the Administrative Agent; provided, that notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower shall at all times comply with Section 8.01(d)(i)-(iii), 8.01(k) and 8.02(a). Section 8.03. Existence; Maintenance of Properties, Etc. (a) It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, amalgamation, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 9.03. (b) It shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain and preserve all rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of its business, and maintain and preserve all of its assets and properties necessary to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and damage from casualty or condemnation excepted. (c) It shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each new employee and contractor to execute and deliver a customary confidentiality, non-disclosure and Intellectual Property assignment agreement that includes a waiver of moral rights. Section 8.04. Payment of Obligations. It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay and discharge (i) all federal income and other material Taxes, fees, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its properties or assets prior to the date on which penalties attach thereto, and all lawful claims for labor, materials and supplies which, if unpaid, might become a Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) upon any properties or assets of any Obligor, except to the extent such Taxes, fees, assessments or governmental charges or levies, or such claims, are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and are adequately reserved against substantially in accordance with GAAP, (ii) all lawful claims which, if unpaid, would by Law become a Lien upon its Property not constituting a Permitted Lien and (iii) all other obligations if the failure to discharge such obligation would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Section 8.05. Insurance. At its own cost and expense, it will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries, to obtain and maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance of the kinds, and in the amounts, as are consistent with customary practices and standards of its industry in the same or similar locations, it being understood and agreed that the insurance held by 

-64- the Obligors on the Closing Date is deemed to fulfill this requirement on the date hereof. All of the insurance policies required pursuant to this Section 8.05 will name the Administrative Agent as a loss payee, additional insured or mortgagee, as applicable and as its interests may appear. Borrower will use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure, or to cause others to ensure, that all insurance policies required pursuant to this Section 8.05 shall provide that they shall not be terminated or cancelled nor shall any policy be materially changed in a manner adverse to the insured Person without at least thirty (30) days written notice to insured Person and the Administrative Agent. Receipt of notice of termination or cancellation of any such insurance policies shall entitle the Administrative Agent to renew any such policies, all in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 8.05 or otherwise to obtain similar insurance in place of such policies, in each case at the expense of Borrower (payable within three (3) Business Days of Borrower s receipt of written demand therefor) and, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, with the prior written consent of Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld). The amount of any such expenses shall accrue interest at the Default Rate if not paid when due and shall constitute Obligations. All of the insurance policies required hereby will be evidenced by one or more certificates of insurance, together with appropriate loss payee or additional insured clauses or endorsements in favor of the Administrative Agent as required by this Section, delivered to the Administrative Agent on or before the Closing Date (or, with respect to such endorsements, within the time period set forth in Section 8.19) and at such other times as the Administrative Agent may request from time to time. Section 8.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights. It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent, upon reasonable prior notice and at reasonable times, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times during normal business hours and with reasonable advance notice as the Administrative Agent may request. It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent (a) so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, for no more than two (2) such inspections each calendar year and (b) during a continuing Default, all such inspections. Section 8.07. Compliance with Laws. (a) It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) comply in all material respects with all Requirements of Law (including Environmental Laws) and (ii) comply in all material respects with all terms of outstanding Indebtedness and all Material Agreements, except (other than with respect to Material Intellectual Property) where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (b) Each Obligor will maintain, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, all records required to be maintained by a Governmental Authority, except where failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

-65- Section 8.08. Licenses. It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, obtain and maintain all licenses, authorizations, consents, filings, exemptions, registrations and other Governmental Approvals necessary in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents, the consummation of the Transactions or the operation and conduct of its business and ownership of its properties, except where failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Section 8.09. Action under Environmental Laws. It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, upon a Responsible Officer becoming aware of the release of any Hazardous Materials or the existence of any environmental liability under applicable Environmental Laws with respect to their respective businesses, operations or properties, take all actions, at their cost and expense, as shall be required by applicable Law to investigate and clean up the condition of their respective businesses, operations or properties, including all required removal, containment and remedial actions, and restore their respective businesses, operations or properties to a condition, in each case in material compliance with applicable Environmental Laws. Section 8.10. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Loans will be used only as provided in Section 2.05. No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that violates any of the Regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, including Regulations T, U and X. Section 8.11. Certain Obligations Respecting Subsidiaries; Further Assurances; Intellectual Property. (a) Subsidiaries. It will take such action, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to take such action, from time to time as shall be necessary to ensure that all Subsidiaries are Guarantors hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that any Obligor shall form or acquire any new Subsidiary, it and its Subsidiaries will promptly and in any event within fifteen (15) days (or such longer time as consented to by the Administrative Agent in writing) of the formation or Acquisition of such Subsidiary: (i) cause such new Subsidiary to become a Guarantor hereunder, and a Grantor under the Security Documents, pursuant to a Guarantee Assumption Agreement; (ii) take such action or cause such Subsidiary to take such action (including delivering such Equity Interests together with undated transfer powers executed in blank) as shall be necessary to create and perfect valid and enforceable first priority (subject to Permitted Priority Liens) Liens on substantially all of the personal Property of such new Subsidiary as collateral security for the obligations of such new Subsidiary hereunder; (iii) to the extent that the parent of such Subsidiary is not a party to the Security Documents or has not otherwise pledged Equity Interests in its Subsidiaries in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents and this Agreement, cause the parent of such Subsidiary to execute and deliver a pledge agreement in favor of the Lenders, in respect of all outstanding issued shares of such Subsidiary; and 

-66- (iv) deliver such proof of corporate action, incumbency of officers, opinions of counsel and other documents as is consistent with those delivered by each Obligor pursuant to Section 6.01 or as the Majority Lenders shall have requested; provided, that solely with respect to any Subsidiary that is an Immaterial Foreign Subsidiary, no such actions shall be required other than a pledge by owner of such Immaterial Foreign Subsidiary of 100 of the Equity Interests of such Immaterial Foreign Subsidiary, which pledge shall, at the Administrative Agent s discretion be perfected under the Law of such Immaterial Foreign Subsidiary s jurisdiction of formation. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that any Subsidiary ceases to qualify as an Immaterial Foreign Subsidiary, it shall be required to comply with clauses (a)(i)-(iii) hereof as if it was formed or Acquired on the date it ceased to qualify as an Immaterial Foreign Subsidiary. (b) Further Assurances. It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, take such action from time to time as shall reasonably be requested in writing by the Majority Lenders to effectuate the purposes and objectives of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it will, and will cause each Person that is required to be a Guarantor to, take such action from time to time (including executing and delivering such assignments, security agreements, control agreements and other instruments) as shall be reasonably requested in writing by the Majority Lenders to create, in favor of the Lenders, perfected security interests and Liens (subject to Permitted Liens) in substantially all of the personal Property of such Obligor as collateral security for the Obligations; provided that any such security interest or Lien shall be subject to the relevant requirements of the Security Documents. (c) Intellectual Property. In the event that any Obligor creates, develops or acquires Obligor Intellectual Property during the term of this Agreement, then the provisions of this Agreement shall automatically apply thereto and any such Obligor Intellectual Property shall automatically constitute part of the Collateral under the Security Documents, without further action by any party, in each case from and after the date of such creation, development or acquisition (except that any representations or warranties of any Obligor shall apply to any such Obligor Intellectual Property only from and after the date, if any, subsequent to such acquisition that such representations and warranties are brought down or made anew as provided herein). In the event that any Obligor holds or acquires Obligor Intellectual Property during the term of this Agreement, then, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, such Obligor shall take any action as shall be reasonably necessary and reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to ensure that the provisions of this Agreement and the Security Agreement shall apply thereto and any such Obligor Intellectual Property shall constitute part of the Collateral under the Security Documents Section 8.12. Termination of Non-Permitted Liens. In the event that any Responsible Officer of Borrower shall become aware or be notified by the Lenders of the existence of any outstanding Lien against any Property of any Obligor, which Lien is not a Permitted Lien, such Obligor shall use its best efforts to promptly terminate or cause the termination of such Lien. Section 8.13. Non-Consolidation. It will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) maintain entity records and books of account separate from those of any other entity which is 

-67- an Affiliate of such entity; and (ii) not commingle its funds or assets with those of any other entity which is an Affiliate of such entity. Section 8.14. Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Corruption Laws. No Obligor shall engage in any transaction that violates any of the applicable prohibitions set forth in any Economic Sanctions Law, Anti-Terrorism Law, or the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (15 USC. 78dd-1 et seq.). None of the funds or assets of such Obligor or any Subsidiary that are used to repay the Loans shall constitute property of, or shall be beneficially owned by, any Designated Person or, to such Obligor s knowledge, be the direct proceeds derived from any transactions that violate the prohibitions set forth in any applicable Economic Sanctions Law, and no Designated Person shall have any direct or indirect interest in such Obligor insofar as such interest would violate any Economic Sanctions Laws applicable to such Obligor. Section 8.15. Financial Covenants. (a) Minimum Liquidity. Borrower shall ensure that the Obligors shall have aggregate Unrestricted Cash of not less than 3,000,000 at all times. (b) Minimum Total Revenue. As of the end of the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2022 and each fiscal quarter thereafter, the Obligors shall maintain, on a consolidated basis, Total Revenue for the twelve (12) month period most recently ended on such date of not less than the amount set forth in the table below: Twelve-Month Period Ended Minimum Total Revenue March 31, 2022 16,797,000 June 30, 2022 18,256,000 September 30, 2022 21,722,000 December 31, 2022 26,545,000 March 31, 2023 30,179,000 June 30, 2023 35,221,000 September 30, 2023 40,649,000 December 31, 2023 46,660,000 March 31, 2024 51,615,000 June 30, 2024 57,102,000 September 30, 2024 63,486,000 December 31, 2024 71,575,000 

-68- Twelve-Month Period Ended Minimum Total Revenue March 31, 2025 85,526,000 June 30, 2025 92,295,000 September 30, 2025 99,058,000 December 31, 2025 106,016,000 Section 8.16. Maintenance of Material Agreements, Intellectual Property, Etc. Such Obligor will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries (to the extent applicable) to: (i) maintain in full force and effect for the term thereof all Material Agreements, or other rights necessary for the current operations of such Obligor s or such Subsidiary s business, as the case may be and (ii) maintain in full force and effect all Material Intellectual Property owned or controlled by such Obligor or any such Subsidiary that is used in and necessary for the current operations of such Obligor s or such Subsidiary s business, as the case may be; provided that Borrower may terminate the Supply Agreement in accordance with its terms if such termination would not be reasonably expected to adversely affect the Lenders in any material respect. Section 8.17. Cash Management. It will: (a) subject to Section 8.19, maintain all Deposit Accounts, Securities Accounts, Commodity Accounts and lockboxes (other than Excluded Accounts) with a bank or financial institution that has executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent an account control agreement, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (each such Deposit Account, Securities Account, Commodity Account and lockbox, a Controlled Account and (b) deposit promptly, and in any event no later than five (5) Business Days after the date of receipt thereof, all cash, checks, drafts or other similar items of payment relating to or constituting payments made in respect of any and all accounts and other rights and interests into Controlled Accounts. Section 8.18. Board Observer Rights Until the Obligations have been paid in full in cash, Borrower shall permit the Administrative Agent on behalf of all of the Lenders (the Observer to attend and observe (but not vote) at all meetings of Borrower s (or any Subsidiary s, as applicable) Board or any Committee, whether in person, by telephone or otherwise as requested by the Observer. Borrower and such Subsidiaries shall notify the Observer in writing at the same time as furnished to members of the applicable Board or Committee of (i) the date and time for each general or special meeting of any such Board or Committee and (ii) the adoption of any resolutions or actions by any such Board or any such Committee by written consent (describing, in reasonable detail, the nature and substance of such action). Borrower and each of its 

-69- Subsidiaries shall concurrently deliver to the Observer all notices and any materials delivered to the official members of such Board or Committee in connection with a meeting or action to be taken by written consent, including a draft of any material resolutions or actions proposed to be adopted by written consent. The Observer shall be free prior to such meeting or adoption by written consent to contact members of any applicable Board or Committee and discuss the pending actions to be taken. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Observer shall not be entitled to receive materials relating to, or be in attendance for, any discussions relating to topics which (x) are subject to attorney client privilege or (y) present a conflict of interest for the Observer. All such discussions and materials shall be subject to the confidentiality provisions set forth in Section 13.17. Section 8.19. Post-Closing Obligations. Within the time periods specified on Schedule 8.19 (as each may be extended by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), complete such undertakings as are set forth on Schedule 8.19. ARTICLE 9 NEGATIVE COVENANTS Each Obligor covenants and agrees with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that, until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and all Obligations (other than the Warrant Obligations and inchoate indemnity obligations) have been paid in full in cash: Section 9.01. Indebtedness. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, whether directly or indirectly, except: (a) the Obligations; (b) Indebtedness existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 7.13A and Permitted Refinancings thereof; (c) accounts payable to trade creditors for goods and services and current operating liabilities (not the result of the borrowing of money) incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business; (d) Indebtedness consisting of guarantees resulting from endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection by it or any of its Subsidiaries in the Ordinary Course of Business; (e) unsecured Indebtedness of an Obligor to any other Obligor; provided such Indebtedness is pledged to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders under the Security Agreement and otherwise subordinate in right of payment to the Obligations; (f) Guarantees by any Obligor of Indebtedness of any other Obligor; 

-70- (g) purchase money Indebtedness and Capital Lease Obligations; provided that (i) if secured, the collateral therefor consists solely of the assets being financed, the products and proceeds thereof and books and records related thereto, (ii) in the case of purchase money Indebtedness, such Indebtedness shall not constitute less than 75 of the aggregate consideration paid with respect to such asset, and (iii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed 7,000,000 at any time; (h) unsecured workers compensation claims, payment obligations in connection with health, disability or other types of social security benefits, unemployment or other insurance obligations, reclamation and statutory obligations, in each case incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business; (i) Indebtedness under Hedging Agreements permitted pursuant to Section 9.05(f); (j) Indebtedness approved in advance in writing by the Majority Lenders; (k) Indebtedness of Borrower and its Subsidiaries with respect to corporate credit cards not to exceed 250,000 at any time outstanding; (l) Indebtedness of Borrower pursuant to the minimum purchase and termination fee provisions of the Supply Agreement; and (m) so long as no Default shall have occurred and is continuing at the time of such Indebtedness is incurred, or after giving effect thereto, other unsecured Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 500,000 at any time outstanding. Section 9.02. Liens. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any Property now owned by it, except: (a) Liens securing the Obligations; (b) any Lien on any Property of any Obligor existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 7.13B; provided that (i) no such Lien shall extend to any other Property of such Obligor and (ii) any such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date hereof and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof; (c) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 9.01(g); provided that such Liens are restricted solely to the collateral described in Section 9.01(g); (d) Liens imposed by Law which were incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business, including (but not limited to) carriers , warehousemen s, landlords and mechanics liens, liens relating to leasehold improvements and other similar liens arising in the Ordinary Course of Business and which (i) do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of the Property subject thereto or materially impair the use thereof in the 

-71- operations of the business of such Person or (ii) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the Property subject to such liens and for which adequate reserves have been made if required substantially in accordance with GAAP; (e) Liens, pledges or deposits made in the Ordinary Course of Business in connection with bids, contracts, leases, appeal bonds, workers compensation, unemployment insurance or other similar social security legislation; (f) Liens securing Taxes, assessments and other governmental charges, the payment of which is not yet due or is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly initiated and diligently conducted and for which such reserve or other appropriate provisions, if any, as shall be required by GAAP shall have been made; (g) servitudes, easements, rights of way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances on real Property imposed by applicable Laws and encumbrances consisting of zoning or building restrictions, easements, licenses, restrictions on the use of Property or minor imperfections in title thereto which, in the aggregate, are not material, and which do not in any case materially detract from the value of the Property subject thereto or interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of any of the Obligors; (h) bankers liens, rights of setoff and similar Liens incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business and arising in connection with the Obligors deposit accounts or securities accounts held at financial institutions solely to secure payment of fees and similar costs and expenses of such financial institutions with respect to such accounts; (i) Liens in connection with transfers permitted under Section 9.09; (j) any judgment lien or lien arising from decrees or attachments not constituting an Event of Default; (k) leases or subleases of real property granted in the Ordinary Course of Business, and leases, subleases, nonexclusive licenses or sublicenses of personal property (other than Intellectual Property) granted in the Ordinary Course of Business; (l) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure the payment of custom duties in connection with the importation of goods, not securing an amount in the aggregate in excess of 100,000 at any given time; (m) Liens on a deposit account of the Obligors and the cash and cash equivalents therein, in each case, securing Indebtedness described in Section 9.01(k); and (n) Permitted Licenses solely to the extent that such Permitted License would constitute a Lien; 

-72- provided that no Lien otherwise permitted under any of the foregoing Sections 9.02 (excluding Sections 9.02(a) and 9.02(n)) shall apply to any Material Intellectual Property. Section 9.03. Fundamental Changes and Acquisitions. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (i) enter into or consummate any transaction of merger, amalgamation or consolidation, including without limitation, a reverse-triangular merger, or other similar transaction or series of related transactions, (ii) liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution) (including in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws), (iii) make or consummate any Acquisition, (iv) make any initial public offering that is not a Qualified Public Offering or (v) sell or issue any Disqualified Equity Interests, except: (a) Investments permitted under Section 9.05; (b) Permitted Acquisitions for (i) aggregate cash consideration not to exceed 2,000,000 and (ii) total consideration not to exceed 5,000,000, in each case, for the course of this Agreement; (c) the merger, amalgamation or consolidation of any Obligor with or into any other Obligor, provided that (i) if Borrower is a party to such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, Borrower shall be the surviving entity and (ii) if a Domestic Subsidiary is a party to such merger, amalgamation or consolidation with a Foreign Subsidiary, the Domestic Subsidiary shall be the surviving entity; and (d) the purchase of the QIAGEN Patents pursuant to the Patent Purchase Agreement. Section 9.04. Lines of Business. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage to any material extent in any business other than the business engaged in on the date hereof by such Obligor, or a business reasonably related, incidental or complementary thereto or reasonable extensions thereof. Section 9.05. Investments. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make, directly or indirectly, or permit to remain outstanding any Investments except: (a) Investments outstanding on the date hereof and identified in Schedule 9.05 and any modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof to the extent not involving new or additional Investments; (b) operating deposit accounts with banks; (c) extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the sales of goods or services in the Ordinary Course of Business; (d) Permitted Cash Equivalent Investments; 

-73- (e) (i) Investments consisting of 100 of the ownership of the Equity Interests of its Subsidiaries, (ii) intercompany Investments by Borrower or a Subsidiary in any Guarantor or (iii) Investments by Borrower or any Subsidiary acquired in connection with a Permitted Acquisition; (f) Hedging Agreements entered into in the ordinary course of any Obligor s financial planning solely to hedge interest rate risks (and not for speculative purposes) in respect of Permitted Indebtedness and in aggregate amount for all such Hedging Agreements not in excess of 500,000; (g) Investments consisting of prepaid expenses, negotiable instruments held for collection or deposit, security deposits with utilities, landlords and other like Persons, and deposits in connection with workers compensation and similar deposits, in each case made in the Ordinary Course of Business; (h) Investments received in connection with any Insolvency Proceedings in respect of any customers, suppliers or clients and in settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers, suppliers or clients; (i) Investments permitted under Section 9.01(e) and Section 9.03; (j) Investments consisting of notes receivable of, or prepaid royalties and other credit extensions, to customers and suppliers who are not Affiliates, in the Ordinary Course of Business; (k) Investments consisting of (i) travel advances and employee relocation loans and other employee loans and advances in the Ordinary Course of Business, and (ii) loans to employees, officers or directors relating to the purchase of equity securities of Borrower or its Subsidiaries pursuant to employee stock purchase plans or agreements approved by Borrower's Board in an aggregate amount not to exceed 100,000 for subclauses (i) and (ii) in any fiscal year; (l) so long as no Default shall have occurred and is continuing at the time of such Investment, or after giving effect thereto, Investments in Immaterial Foreign Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed 250,000 in any fiscal year; and (m) so long as no Default shall have occurred and is continuing at the time of such Investment, or after giving effect thereto, other Investments in an amount not to exceed 100,000 in any fiscal year; and (n) so long as no Default shall have occurred and is continuing at the time of such Investment, or after giving effect thereto, Investments in the Chinese Subsidiary in an aggregate amount not to exceed: (i) 2,000,000 in the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 and (ii) 2,500,000 in any fiscal year thereafter. 

-74- Section 9.06. Restricted Payments. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, declare or make, or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, other than: (a) dividends and stock splits with respect to any Equity Interests of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries payable solely in additional shares of its Qualified Equity Interests; (b) any Restricted Payment by a Subsidiary to Borrower; (c) any purchase, redemption, retirement, or other Acquisition by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of shares of its capital stock or other Equity Interests with the proceeds received from a substantially concurrent issue of new shares of its capital stock or other Equity Interests; (d) dividends paid by any Guarantor to any other Obligor; (e) cashless exercises of options and warrants; (f) repurchases pursuant to the terms of employee stock purchase plans, employee restricted stock agreements, stockholder rights plans, director or consultant stock option plans, or similar plans in an aggregate amount not to exceed 100,000 in any fiscal year; (g) the making of cash payments in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares upon the conversion of convertible securities (or in connection with the exercise of warrants or similar securities) not to exceed 25,000 in any fiscal year; and (h) the issuance of the Warrant Certificate and cash payments made to redeem, purchase, repurchase or retire the Warrant Obligations in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Certificate. Section 9.07. Payments of Indebtedness. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any payments in respect of any Material Indebtedness other than (i) payments of the Obligations and (ii) so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, scheduled payments of other Permitted Indebtedness and, in the case of repayment of intercompany Indebtedness permitted in reliance upon Section 9.01(e), subject to any subordination agreement entered into in connection therewith. Section 9.08. Change in Fiscal Year. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, change the last day of its fiscal year from that in effect on the date hereof, without prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, except to change the fiscal year of a Subsidiary acquired in connection with a Permitted Acquisition to conform its fiscal year to that of Borrower. Section 9.09. Sales of Assets, Etc. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease, exclusively license (in terms of geography or field of use), as a licensor, transfer 

-75- (including in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) or otherwise dispose of any of its Property (including accounts receivable and Equity Interests of Subsidiaries), or forgive, release or compromise any amount owed to any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case, in one transaction or series of transactions (any thereof, an Asset Sale ), except: (a) transfers of cash in the Ordinary Course of Business for equivalent value; (b) sales or leases of products and services in the Ordinary Course of Business on ordinary business terms; (c) the forgiveness, release or compromise of any amount owed to any Obligor in the Ordinary Course of Business; (d) entering into, or becoming bound, by a Permitted License to the extent not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement; (e) development and other collaborative arrangements where such arrangements provide for the license or disclosure of Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights or other Intellectual Property rights of any Obligor in the Ordinary Course of Business and consistent with general market practices where such license requires periodic payments based on per unit sales of a product over a period of time; provided that such licenses must be true licenses that do not result in a legal transfer of title of the licensed Property or otherwise constitute sales transactions in substance,; (f) a sale, lease, exclusive license, transfer or other disposition (including by way of abandonment, cancellation or trade-in) of any Property that is obsolete, worn out, surplus or no longer used or useful in connection with the business of the Obligors or with respect to which a newer and improved version is available; (g) dispositions resulting from Casualty Events; (h) any transaction permitted under Section 9.02, 9.03, 9.05 and 9.20; and (i) so long as no Default shall have occurred and is continuing at the time of such Asset Sale, or after giving effect thereto, Asset Sales of other property not to exceed 250,000 in the aggregate per fiscal year. Section 9.10. Transactions with Affiliates. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease, license or otherwise transfer any assets to, or purchase, lease, license or otherwise acquire any assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except: (a) transactions between or among the Obligors; (b) any transaction permitted under Section 9.01, 9.05, 9.06 or 9.09; 

-76- (c) customary compensation and indemnification of, and other employment arrangements with, directors, officers and employees of any Obligor in the Ordinary Course of Business; (d) transactions upon fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable to any Obligor than would be obtained in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate; (e) the transactions set forth on Schedule 9.10; and (f) cash equity contributions by Borrower s investors in Borrower or its Subsidiaries (other than Disqualified Equity Interests). Section 9.11. Restrictive Agreements. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any Restrictive Agreement other than (i) restrictions and conditions imposed by Law or by the Loan Documents, (ii) Restrictive Agreements listed on Schedule 7.15, (iii) any stockholder agreement or investor rights agreement, charter, by laws or other organizational documents of an Obligor or (iv) limitations associated with Permitted Liens or with any transaction permitted under Section 9.01, 9.03, 9.05, 9.06 or 9.09. Section 9.12. Organizational Documents, Material Agreements. (a) It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any amendment to or modification of any Organizational Document that would be reasonably expected to adversely affect the Lenders in any material respect, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. (b) It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to (i) enter into any material waiver, amendment or modification of any Material Agreement (including, but not limited to, any amendments to provisions relating to pricing and term) that would be reasonably expected to adversely affect the Lenders in any material respect or (ii) take or omit to take any action that results in the termination of, or permits any other Person to terminate, any Material Agreement or Material Intellectual Property that would be reasonably expected to adversely affect the Lenders in any material respect, without, in each case, the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; provided that Borrower may terminate the Supply Agreement in accordance with its terms if such termination would not be reasonably expected to adversely affect the Lenders in any material respect. Section 9.13. Operating Leases. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any expenditures in respect of operating leases, except for: (a) real estate operating leases entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business; and (b) operating leases that would not cause the Obligors, on a consolidated basis, to make payments exceeding 500,000 in any fiscal year. 

-77- Section 9.14. Sales and Leasebacks. Except as permitted by Section 9.01(g), it will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, become liable, directly or indirectly, with respect to any lease, whether an operating lease or a Capital Lease Obligation, of any Property (whether real, personal, or mixed), whether now owned or hereafter acquired, which (i) any Obligor has sold or transferred or is to sell or transfer to any other Person and (ii) any Obligor intends to use for substantially the same purposes as Property which has been or is to be sold or transferred. Section 9.15. Hazardous Material. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, use, generate, manufacture, install, treat, release, store or dispose of any Hazardous Material, except in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws or where the failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. Section 9.16. Accounting Changes. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any significant change in accounting treatment, except as required or permitted by GAAP. Section 9.17. Compliance with ERISA. No ERISA Affiliate shall cause or suffer to exist (a) any event that would result in the imposition of a Lien with respect to any Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (b) any other ERISA Event that would, in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. No Obligor or any Subsidiary thereof shall cause or suffer to exist any event that could result in the imposition of a Lien with respect to any Benefit Plan that would have a Material Adverse Effect. Section 9.18. Deposit Accounts. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, establish or maintain any bank account that is not a Controlled Account (other than an Excluded Account) and will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, deposit proceeds in a bank account that is not a Controlled Account; provided, up to two (2) months of payroll expenses may be on deposit in Excluded Accounts in the aggregate at any time. Section 9.19. Outbound Licenses. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into or become bound by any outbound license or agreement unless such outbound license or agreement is a Permitted License. Section 9.20. Inbound Licenses. It will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into or become bound by any inbound license or agreement (other than Permitted Licenses) unless (i) no Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) such Obligor has provided written notice to the Administrative Agent of the material terms of such license or agreement with a description of its anticipated and projected impact on such Obligor s business or financial condition, and (iii) such Obligor has taken such commercially reasonable actions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to obtain the consent of, or waiver by, any Person whose consent or waiver is necessary for the Administrative Agent to be granted a valid and perfected security interest in such license or agreement allowing the Administrative Agent to fully exercise its rights under any of the Loan Documents in the event of a disposition or liquidation of the rights, assets or property that is the subject of such license or agreement; provided that the aggregate amounts to be paid under all such inbound licenses pursuant to this Section 9.20 shall not exceed an amount equal to 1,000,000 per fiscal year. 

-78- ARTICLE 10 EVENTS OF DEFAULT Section 10.01. Events of Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default : (a) Borrower shall fail to pay any principal on the Loan when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise; or (b) any Obligor shall fail to pay any Obligation (other than an amount referred to in Section 10.01(a)) when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) Business Days; or (c) any representation or warranty made by or on behalf of an Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof, shall: (i) prove to have been incorrect when made or deemed made to the extent that such representation or warranty contains any materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifier; or (ii) prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made to the extent that such representation or warranty does not otherwise contain any materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifier; or (d) any Obligor shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Sections 8.01, 8.02, 8.03(a) (with respect to such Obligor s existence), 8.10, 8.11, 8.13, 8.15, 8.17, 8.18, 8.19 or Article 9; or (e) any Obligor shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in Section 10.01(a), (b) or (d)) or any other Loan Document, and, in the case of any failure that is capable of cure, such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) or more days; or (f) any Obligor shall fail to make any payment in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable after giving effect to any applicable grace or cure period as originally provided by the terms of such Indebtedness; or (g) (i) any material breach of, or event of default or similar event under, the Contract governing any Material Indebtedness shall occur and such breach or event of default or similar event shall continue unremedied, uncured or unwaived after a period of five (5) Business Days after the expiration of any cure period thereunder, or (ii) any event or condition occurs (A) that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or (B) that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the 

-79- lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of such Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause such Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; provided that this Section 10.01(h) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the Property securing such Material Indebtedness; or (h) any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries: (i) ceases to be Solvent, or generally does not or becomes unable to pay its debts or meet its liabilities as the same become due, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or declares any general moratorium on its indebtedness, or proposes a compromise or arrangement or deed of company arrangement between it and any class of its creditors; or (ii) shall (A) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (B) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in Section 10.01(i), (C) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for an Obligor or for a substantial part of its assets, (D) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (E) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (F) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or (i) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of an Obligor or any Subsidiary of an Obligor or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for an Obligor or any Subsidiary of an Obligor or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; or (j) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of 250,000 (excluding any amounts covered by insurance as to which the applicable carrier has accepted coverage) shall be rendered against any Obligor or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of forty-five (45) consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of any Obligor to enforce any such judgment; or (k) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to result in liability of 

-80- the Obligors and their Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding (i) 250,000 in any year or (ii) 500,000 for all periods until repayment of all Obligations (other than the Warrant Obligations); or (l) a Change of Control shall have occurred; or (m) a Material Adverse Change shall have occurred; or (n) (i) any Lien created by any of the Security Documents shall at any time not constitute a valid and perfected Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent on Collateral with an aggregate value in excess of 250,000, free and clear of all other Liens (other than Permitted Liens) except due to the action or inaction of the Administrative Agent or any Lender(s), (ii) except as permitted herein the Security Documents or any Guarantee of any of the Obligations shall for whatever reason cease to be in full force and effect, or (iii) any of the Security Documents or any Guarantee of any of the Obligations, or the enforceability thereof, shall be repudiated or contested by any Obligor. Section 10.02. Remedies. (a) Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, then, and in every such event (other than an Event of Default described in Section 10.01(h) or (i)), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Majority Lenders may, by notice to Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations, shall become due and payable immediately (in the case of the Loans, at the Redemption Price therefor), without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by each Obligor. (b) Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in Section 10.01(h) or (i), the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal amount of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations, shall automatically become due and payable immediately (in the case of the Loans, at the Redemption Price therefor), without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by each Obligor. (c) If any Lender collects any money or property pursuant to this Article 10, they shall pay out the money or property in the order set forth in Section 4.01(b). Section 10.03. Prepayment Premium and Redemption Price. For the avoidance of doubt, any Prepayment Premium (as a component of the Redemption Price) shall be due and payable at any time the Loans become due and payable prior to the Stated Maturity Date for any reason, whether due to acceleration pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (in which case it shall be due immediately, upon the giving of notice to Borrower in accordance with Section 10.02(a), or automatically, in accordance with Section 10.02(b)), by operation of law or otherwise (including, without limitation, on account of any bankruptcy filing), except as otherwise specified herein. In 

-81- view of the impracticability and extreme difficulty of ascertaining the actual amount of damages to the Lenders or profits lost by the Lenders as a result of such acceleration, and by mutual agreement of the parties as to a reasonable estimation and calculation of the lost profits or damages of the Lenders, any Prepayment Premium shall be due and payable upon such date. Each Obligor hereby waives any defense to payment, whether such defense may be based in public policy, ambiguity, or otherwise. The Obligors and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that any Prepayment Premium due and payable in accordance with this Agreement shall not constitute unmatured interest, whether under Section 502(b)(3) of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise. Each Obligor further acknowledges and agrees, and waives any argument to the contrary, that payment of such amount does not constitute a penalty or an otherwise unenforceable or invalid obligation. ARTICLE 11 GUARANTEE Section 11.01. The Guarantee. The Guarantors hereby jointly and severally guarantee to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and its successors and assigns, the prompt payment in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the principal of and interest on the Loans, all fees and other amounts and Obligations from time to time owing to the Administrative Agent and any Lender by Borrower under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document and by any other Obligor under any of the Loan Documents, in each case strictly in accordance with the terms thereof (such obligations being herein collectively called the Guaranteed Obligations ). The Guarantors hereby further jointly and severally agree that if Borrower shall fail to pay in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Guarantors will promptly pay the same, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal. Section 11.02. Obligations Unconditional. The obligations of the Guarantors under Section 11.01 are absolute and unconditional, joint and several, irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the obligations of Borrower under this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein, or any substitution, release or exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, irrespective of any other circumstance whatsoever that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or Guarantor, it being the intent of this Section 11.02 that the obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional, joint and several, under any and all circumstances. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is agreed that the occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not alter or impair the liability of the Guarantors hereunder, which shall remain absolute and unconditional as described above: (a) at any time or from time to time, without notice to the Guarantors, the time for any performance of or compliance with any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived; 

-82- (b) any of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein shall be done or omitted; (c) the maturity of any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be accelerated, or any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be modified, supplemented or amended in any respect, or any right under this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein shall be waived or any other guarantee of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security therefor shall be released or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with; or (d) any lien or security interest granted to, or in favor of, any Lender as security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall fail to be perfected. The Guarantors hereby expressly waive diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any Lender exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against Borrower under this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein, or against any other Person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of the Guaranteed Obligations. Section 11.03. Reinstatement. The obligations of the Guarantors under this Article 11 shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of Borrower in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization or otherwise, and the Guarantors jointly and severally agree that they will indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender on demand for all reasonable out-of- pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable fees of counsel) incurred by such Persons in connection with such rescission or restoration, including any such reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in defending against any claim alleging that such payment constituted a preference, fraudulent transfer or similar payment under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar Law. Section 11.04. Subrogation. The Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree that, until the payment and satisfaction in full of all Guaranteed Obligations (other than the Warrant Obligations) and the expiration and termination of the Commitments, they shall not exercise any right or remedy arising by reason of any performance by them of their guarantee in Section 11.01, whether by subrogation or otherwise, against Borrower or any other guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations. Section 11.05. Remedies. The Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between the Guarantors, on one hand, and the Lenders, on the other hand, the obligations of Borrower under this Agreement and under the other Loan Documents may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Article 10 (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in Article 10) for purposes of Section 11.01 notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against Borrower and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations being deemed to have become automatically due 

-83- and payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by Borrower) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for purposes of Section 11.01. Section 11.06. Instrument for the Payment of Money. Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges that the guarantee in this Article 11 constitutes an instrument for the payment of money, and consents and agrees that each Lender, at its sole option, in the event of a dispute by such Guarantor in the payment of any moneys due hereunder, shall have the right to proceed by motion for summary judgment in lieu of complaint pursuant to N.Y. Civ. Prac. L R 3213. Section 11.07. Continuing Guarantee. The guarantee in this Article 11 is a continuing guarantee, and shall apply to all Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising. Section 11.08. Rights of Contribution. The Guarantors hereby agree, as between themselves, that if any Guarantor shall become an Excess Funding Guarantor (as defined below) by reason of the payment by such Guarantor of any Guaranteed Obligations, each other Guarantor shall, on demand of such Excess Funding Guarantor (but subject to the next sentence), pay to such Excess Funding Guarantor an amount equal to such Guarantor s Pro Rata Share (as defined below and determined, for this purpose, without reference to the properties, debts and liabilities of such Excess Funding Guarantor) of the Excess Payment (as defined below) in respect of such Guaranteed Obligations. The payment obligation of a Guarantor to any Excess Funding Guarantor under this Section 11.08 shall be subordinate and subject in right of payment to the prior payment in full of the obligations of such Guarantor under the other provisions of this Article 11 and such Excess Funding Guarantor shall not exercise any right or remedy with respect to such excess until payment and satisfaction in full of all of such obligations. For purposes of this Section 11.08, (i) Excess Funding Guarantor means, in respect of any Guaranteed Obligations, a Guarantor that has paid an amount in excess of its Pro Rata Share of such Guaranteed Obligations, (ii) Excess Payment means, in respect of any Guaranteed Obligations, the amount paid by an Excess Funding Guarantor in excess of its Pro Rata Share of such Guaranteed Obligations and (iii) Pro Rata Share means, as of the date of determination, for any Guarantor, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of (x) the amount by which the aggregate present fair saleable value of all properties of such Guarantor (excluding any shares of stock of any other Guarantor) exceeds the amount of all the debts and liabilities of such Guarantor (including contingent, subordinated, unmatured and unliquidated liabilities, but excluding the obligations of such Guarantor hereunder and any obligations of any other Guarantor that have been Guaranteed by such Guarantor) to (y) the amount by which the aggregate fair saleable value of all properties of all of the Guarantors exceeds the amount of all the debts and liabilities (including contingent, subordinated, unmatured and unliquidated liabilities, but excluding the obligations of Borrower and the Guarantors hereunder and under the other Loan Documents) of all of the Guarantors, determined (A) with respect to any Guarantor that is a party hereto on the Closing Date, as of such date, and (B) with respect to any other Guarantor, as of the date such Guarantor becomes a Guarantor hereunder. Section 11.09. General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations. In any action or proceeding involving any provincial, territorial or state corporate law, or any state or federal bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other Law affecting the rights of creditors generally, if the 

-84- obligations of any Guarantor under Section 11.01 would otherwise, taking into account the provisions of Section 11.08, be held or determined to be void, invalid or unenforceable, or subordinated to the claims of any other creditors, on account of the amount of its liability under Section 11.01, then, notwithstanding any other provision hereof to the contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by such Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any other Person, be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount that is valid and enforceable and not subordinated to the claims of other creditors as determined in such action or proceeding. ARTICLE 12 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT Section 12.01. Appointment. Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Perceptive to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article 12 are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and neither Borrower nor any other Obligor will have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead, such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. Section 12.02. Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder will have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and the term Lender or Lenders will, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity to the extent such Person is a Lender. The Lenders acknowledge and agree that such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for, and generally engage in any kind of business with, Borrower, the other Obligors or any other Subsidiaries or Affiliates of the Obligors as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. Section 12.03. Exculpatory Provisions. (a) The Administrative Agent will not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder are administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: (i) will not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; 

-85- (ii) will not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Majority Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as will be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents); provided that the Administrative Agent will not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Insolvency Proceeding; and (iii) will not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and will not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Obligors or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. (b) The Administrative Agent will not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Majority Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as will be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent believes in good faith will be necessary, under the circumstances), or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment. The Administrative Agent will be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given to the Administrative Agent in writing by Borrower or a Lender. (c) The Administrative Agent will not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article 6 or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. Section 12.04. Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent will be entitled to rely upon, and will not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and will not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of the Loans that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent has received notice to the contrary 

-86- from such Lender prior to the making of such Loans. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and will not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. Section 12.05. Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Affiliates. The exculpatory provisions of this Section will apply to any such sub-agent and to the Affiliates of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and will apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the facility as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent will not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. Section 12.06. Resignation of Agent. (a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and Borrower, which notice shall set forth the effective date of such resignation (the Resignation Effective Date ), such date not to be earlier than the thirtieth (30th) day following the date of such notice. The Majority Lenders and Borrower shall mutually agree upon a successor to the Administrative Agent. If the Majority Lenders and Borrower are unable to so mutually agree and no successor shall have been appointed within twenty-five (25) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but will not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent it shall designate (in its reasonable discretion after consultation with Borrower and the Majority Lenders). Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation will become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. (b) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date (i) the retiring Administrative Agent will be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any Collateral held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Administrative Agent will continue to hold such Collateral until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (ii) except for any indemnity payments owed to the retiring Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent will instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as the Majority Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor will succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments owed to the retiring Administrative Agent), and the retiring Administrative Agent will be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. The fees payable by Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent will be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder and 

-87- under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article 12 and Sections 13.03 and 13.06 will continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Affiliates in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. Section 12.07. Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Affiliates and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Affiliates and based on such documents and information as it will from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Section 12.08. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any Insolvency Proceeding or any other judicial proceeding relative to Borrower, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of the Loans will then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent has made any demand on Borrower) will be entitled and empowered (but not obligated), by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid hereunder or under any other Loan Document and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same. Any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make any payments of the type described above in this Section 12.08 to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent consents to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

-88- Section 12.09. Collateral and Guaranty Matters; Appointment of Administrative Agent. (a) Without limiting the provisions of Section 12.08, the Lenders irrevocably agree as follows: (i) the Administrative Agent is authorized, at its option and in its discretion, to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (A) on the date when all Obligations have been satisfied in full in cash (other than Warrant Obligations and contingent obligations as to which no claims have been asserted), (B) that is sold or otherwise disposed of or to be sold or otherwise disposed of as part of or in connection with any sale or other disposition permitted under the Loan Documents, or (C) subject to Sections 13.01 and 13.04, if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Majority Lenders; and (ii) the Administrative Agent is authorized, at its option and discretion, to release any Guarantor from its obligations hereunder if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents. Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, each Lender will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of Collateral, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under its guaranty pursuant to this Section 12.09. (b) The Administrative Agent will not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Obligor in connection therewith, nor will the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. (c) Each Lender hereby appoints the Administrative Agent as its collateral agent under each of the Security Documents and agrees that, in so acting, the Administrative Agent will have all of the rights, protections, exculpations, indemnities and other benefits provided to the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, and hereby authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent, on behalf of such Lender and all Lenders, without the necessity of any notice to or further consent from any of the Lenders, from time to time to (i) take any action with respect to any Collateral or any Security Document which may be necessary to perfect and maintain perfected the Liens on the Collateral granted pursuant to any such Security Document or protect and preserve the Administrative Agent s ability to enforce the Liens or realize upon the Collateral, (ii) act as collateral agent for each Lender for purposes of acquiring, holding, enforcing and perfecting all Liens created by the Loan Documents and all other purposes stated therein, (iii) enter into intercreditor or subordination agreements, as the case may be, in connection with Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Sections 9.01(e) and 9.01(l), as applicable, (iv) enter into non-disturbance or similar agreements in connection with licensing agreements and arrangements permitted by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (v) otherwise to take or refrain from taking any and all action that the Administrative Agent shall deem necessary or advisable in fulfilling its role as collateral agent under any of the Security Documents. 

-89- ARTICLE 13 MISCELLANEOUS Section 13.01. No Waiver. No failure on the part of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to exercise and no delay in exercising, and no course of dealing with respect to, any right, power or privilege under any Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege under any Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by Law. Section 13.02. Notices. All notices, requests, instructions, directions and other communications provided for herein (including any modifications of, or waivers, requests or consents under, the Loan Documents) shall be given or made in writing (including by telecopy or electronic mail) delivered, if to Borrower, another Obligor, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, to its address specified on Schedule 2 hereto or its Guarantee Assumption Agreement, as the case may be, or at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the other parties. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all such communications shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt of a legible copy thereof, in each case given or addressed as aforesaid. Section 13.03. Expenses, Indemnification. (a) Expenses. Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse (i) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for all of their reasonable and documented out of pocket costs and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of Chapman and Cutler LLP, counsel to the Administrative Agent) in connection with (x) the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the making of the Loans (exclusive of post-closing costs); provided that, so long as the Borrowing of the Tranche A Loan is made, such fees shall be credited against the Expense Deposit paid by Borrower, (y) post-closing costs and (z) the negotiation or preparation of any amendment, modification, supplement or waiver of any of the terms of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents (whether or not consummated) and (ii) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for all of their reasonable and documented out of pocket costs and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel) in connection with any enforcement or collection proceedings resulting from the occurrence of an Event of Default. (b) Indemnification. Each Obligor hereby indemnifies the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, their respective Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents and advisors (each, an Indemnified Party from and against, and agrees to hold them harmless against, any and all Claims and Losses of any kind (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel), joint or several, that is incurred by or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or relating to any investigation, litigation or proceeding or the preparation of any defense with respect thereto arising out of or in connection with or relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or the Transactions or any use made or proposed to be made with the proceeds of the Loans, whether or 

-90- not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by an Obligor, any of its shareholders or creditors, an Indemnified Party or any other Person, or an Indemnified Party is otherwise a party thereto, and whether or not any of the conditions precedent set forth in Article 6 are satisfied or the other Transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated, except to the extent such Claim or Loss is found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from any Indemnified Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct. No Obligor shall assert any claim against any Indemnified Party, on any theory of liability, for consequential, indirect, special or punitive damages arising out of or otherwise relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or any of the Transactions or the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Loans. This Section shall not apply to Taxes other than Taxes relating to a non-Tax Claim or Loss governed by this Section 13.03(b). Section 13.04. Amendments. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except for the Warrant Certificate, which may be amended, modified, waived or supplemented in accordance with the terms thereof) may be amended, modified, waived or supplemented only by an instrument in writing signed by Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Majority Lenders; provided that: (a) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by all of the Lenders, do any of the following at any time: (i) change the percentage of (x) the Commitments or (y) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans that, in each case, shall be required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder (including pursuant to any change to the definition of Majority Lenders (ii) release one or more Guarantors (or otherwise limit such Guarantors liability with respect to the Obligations owing to the Lenders under the Guarantees) if such release or limitation is in respect of all or substantially all of the value represented by the Guarantees to the Lenders; (iii) release, or subordinate the Lenders Liens in, all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions (other than in connection with any sale of Collateral permitted herein); or (iv) amend any provision of this Section 13.04; (b) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by each Lender specified below for such amendment, waiver or consent: (i) increase the Commitments of a Lender without the consent of such Lender; (ii) reduce the principal of, or stated rate of interest on, or any Prepayment Premium payable on, the Loans owed to a Lender or any fees or other 

-91- amounts stated to be payable hereunder or under the other Loan Documents to such Lender without the consent of such Lender; (iii) postpone any date scheduled for any payment of principal of, or interest on, the Loans, any date scheduled for payment or for any date fixed for any payment of fees hereunder (excluding the due date of any mandatory prepayment of a Loan), in each case payable to a Lender without the consent of such Lender; (iv) change the order of application of prepayment of the Loans from the application thereof set forth in the applicable provisions of Section 4.01(b)(ii) in any manner that adversely affects the Lenders without the consent of holders of a majority of the Commitments or Loans outstanding or otherwise change any provision requiring the pro rata distributions hereunder among the Lenders without all Lenders consent; or (v) modify Section 2.02 without the consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby. Section 13.05. Successors and Assigns. (a) General. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that (i) no Obligor may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by such Obligor without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (e) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Indemnified Parties of the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. (b) Amendments to Loan Documents; Majority Lender Vote. Each of the Lenders and the Obligors agrees to enter into such amendments to the Loan Documents, and such additional Security Documents and other instruments and agreements, in each case in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Lenders and the Obligors, as shall reasonably be necessary to implement and give effect to any assignment made by any Lender (or any direct or indirect assignee thereof) from time to time under this Section 13.05. (c) Assignments by Lenders. (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (c)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Assignee) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under the Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of the Administrative Agent, provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of any Commitment or of all or any portion of a Loan to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund. 

-92- (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment Agreement with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 500,000, unless the Administrative Agent otherwise consents; (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; and (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Borrower, provided that the failure to give such copy to the Borrower shall not affect the validity of such Assignment Agreement) an Assignment Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent. (iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment Agreement, the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment Agreement, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Loan Documents, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment Agreement, be released from its obligations under the Loan Documents (and, in the case of an Assignment Agreement covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under the Loan Documents, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under the Loan Documents that does not comply with this Section 13.05 shall be treated for purposes of the Loan Documents as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (e) of this Section. (d) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment Agreement delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless (i) it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph and (ii) any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section has been obtained. (e) Participations. Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, Borrower, sell participations to any Person (a Participant ), other than an Ineligible Assignee, in 

-93- all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under the Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under the Loan Documents shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) Borrower shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection therewith. (f) Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver that would (i) increase or extend the term of such Lender s Commitment, (ii) extend the date fixed for the payment of principal of or interest on the Loans or any portion of any fee hereunder payable to the Participant, (iii) reduce the amount of any such payment of principal, or (iv) reduce the rate at which interest is payable thereon to a level below the rate at which the Participant is entitled to receive such interest. Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 5.03 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 5.03(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 5.03(f) shall be delivered to Borrower and the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 13.05(a), provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 5.03(h) as if it were an assignee under Section 13.05(a); and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 5.03, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with Borrower s prior written consent. To the extent permitted by Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 4.04(a) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non- fiduciary agent of Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. (g) Certain Pledges. Subject to Section 13.05(d), the Lenders may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement and any other Loan Document to secure obligations of the Lenders, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or another central bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release the Lenders from any of their obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for the Lenders as a party hereto. 

-94- Section 13.06. Survival. The obligations of Borrower under Sections 5.01, 5.02, 5.03, 13.03, 13.05, 13.09, 13.10, 13.11, 13.12, 13.13, 13.14 and Article 11 (solely to the extent guaranteeing any of the obligations under the foregoing Sections) shall survive the repayment of the Obligations and the termination of the Commitments and, in the case of any Lender s assignment of any interest in the Commitments or the Loans hereunder, shall survive, in the case of any event or circumstance that occurred prior to the effective date of such assignment, the making of such assignment, notwithstanding that such Lenders may cease to be a Lender hereunder. In addition, each representation and warranty made, or deemed to be made by a notice of the Loans, herein or pursuant hereto shall survive the making of such representation and warranty. Section 13.07. Captions. The table of contents and captions and section headings appearing herein are included solely for convenience of reference and are not intended to affect the interpretation of any provision of this Agreement. Section 13.08. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument and any of the parties hereto may execute this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Agreement by facsimile transmission, electronic transmission (in PDF format) or DocuSign shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. Section 13.09. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER AND THEREUNDER, AND ALL CLAIMS, DISPUTES AND MATTERS ARISING HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO OR THERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS EXECUTED IN AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN THAT STATE, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW). Section 13.10. JURISDICTION, SERVICE OF PROCESS AND VENUE. (a) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. EACH OBLIGOR AGREES THAT ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT TO WHICH IT IS A PARTY OR ANY JUDGMENT ENTERED BY ANY COURT IN RESPECT THEREOF SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY OR IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK AND IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF EACH 

-95- SUCH COURT FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION, PROCEEDING OR JUDGMENT. (b) Alternative Process. Nothing herein shall in any way be deemed to limit the ability of the Lenders to serve any such process or summonses in any other manner permitted by applicable Law. (c) WAIVER OF VENUE, ETC. EACH OBLIGOR IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF THE VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND HEREBY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. A FINAL JUDGMENT (IN RESPECT OF WHICH TIME FOR ALL APPEALS HAS ELAPSED) IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN ANY COURT TO THE JURISDICTION OF WHICH SUCH OBLIGOR IS OR MAY BE SUBJECT, BY SUIT UPON JUDGMENT. Section 13.11. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. Section 13.12. WAIVER OF IMMUNITY. TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY OBLIGOR MAY BE OR BECOME ENTITLED TO CLAIM FOR ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY OR REVENUES ANY IMMUNITY ON THE GROUND OF SOVEREIGNTY OR THE LIKE FROM SUIT, COURT JURISDICTION, ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, ATTACHMENT IN AID OF EXECUTION OF A JUDGMENT OR EXECUTION OF A JUDGMENT, AND TO THE EXTENT THAT IN ANY SUCH JURISDICTION THERE MAY BE ATTRIBUTED SUCH AN IMMUNITY (WHETHER OR NOT CLAIMED), SUCH OBLIGOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREES NOT TO CLAIM AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES SUCH IMMUNITY WITH RESPECT TO ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. Section 13.13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Each Obligor acknowledges, represents and warrants that in deciding to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or in taking or not taking any action hereunder or thereunder, it has not relied, and will not rely, on any statement, representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or understanding, whether written or oral, of or with the Lenders other than those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

-96- Section 13.14. Severability. If any provision hereof is found by a court to be invalid or unenforceable, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law the parties agree that such invalidity or unenforceability shall not impair the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof. Section 13.15. No Fiduciary Relationship. The Administrative Agent, each Lender and their Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the Lenders ), may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Obligors, their stockholders and/or their Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the Obligors ). The Obligors acknowledge that the Lenders have no fiduciary relationship with, or fiduciary duty to, any Obligor arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and the relationship between each Lender and each Obligor are solely that of creditors and debtors. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents do not create a joint venture among the parties. Section 13.16. USA Patriot Act. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby notify the Obligors that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act and 31 C.F.R. 1010.230 (the Beneficial Ownership Regulation ), they are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Obligors, which information includes the name and address of each Obligor and other information that will allow the Administrative Agent and such Lender to identify each Obligor in accordance with the Act and Beneficial Ownership Regulation, including a beneficial ownership certification in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Section 13.17. Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality. The Lenders agree to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed to (a) its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, advisors and representatives (collectively, Representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as FINRA or the National Association of Insurance Commissioners) or any exchange, (c) to the extent required by the applicable Laws or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those in this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to Borrower or any Guarantor and its obligation, (g) with the consent of Borrower or (h) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the Lender, or any of its respective Representatives on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than Borrower or any other Obligor. For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from an Obligor relating such Obligor or its Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, except that the term Information shall not include, and the Lenders shall not be subject to any confidentiality obligation with respect to any information that (i) is or 

-97- becomes available to the Lender or any of its Representatives on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by an Obligor or its Subsidiary, (ii) becomes available to a Lender or any of its Representatives after disclosure by Borrower or any other Obligor from a source that, to the knowledge of such Lender, is not subject to a confidentiality obligation to Borrower or such other Obligor (iii) is or becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach by such Lender, or (iv) is developed by a Lender or any of its Representatives. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. In the case of any Lender that has elected to receive material non-public information pursuant to the last paragraph of Section 8.02, such Lender acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning an Obligor or its Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws. Section 13.18. Releases of Guarantees and Liens. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, each Lender agrees, and the Administrative Agent is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender and given a limited power of attorney by each Lender to perform the actions described hereafter in this Section 13.18 (without requirement of notice to or consent of any Lender except as expressly required by Section 13.04) to take any action reasonably requested by Borrower having the effect of releasing any Collateral or Obligations (i) to the extent necessary to permit consummation of any transaction not prohibited by any Loan Document or that has been consented to by the Lenders or (ii) under the circumstances described in paragraph (b) below. (b) At such time as the Loans and the other Obligations (other than the inchoate indemnity obligations) under the Loan Documents shall have been paid in full in cash and the Commitments have been terminated, the Collateral shall be released from the Liens created by the Security Documents, and the Security Documents and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of the Administrative Agent and each Obligor under the Security Documents shall terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any Person. Section 13.19. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

-98- (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the Applicable Resolution Authority. [Remainder of the Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Pages Follow] 

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement and Guaranty] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written. BORROWER: ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION By: ____________________________________ Name: Title: 

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement and Guaranty] PERCEPTIVE CREDIT HOLDINGS III, LP, as Administrative Agent and a Lender By: Perceptive Credit Opportunities GP, LLC, its general partner By: _________________________________ Name: Sandeep Dixit Title: Chief Credit Officer By: _________________________________ Name: Sam Chawla Title: Portfolio Manager 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-10.26>
 6
 iso-patentpurchaseagreem.htm
 EX-10.26

iso-patentpurchaseagreem 

[ ] Certain information in this document has been excluded pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10). Such excluded information is not material and is the type that the registrant customarily and actually treats as private and confidential. Amendment No.1 to Patent Purchase Agreement This Amendment No.1 to the Patent Purchase Agreement between QIAGEN Sciences, LLC Qiagen Sciences ), QIAGEN GmbH and Isoplexis Corporation dated May 12, 2021 is entered into this June 10, 2022 . WHEREAS, SELLER and BUYER entered into a Patent Purchase Agreement dated May 12, 2021 (the Agreement WHEREAS, subsequent to the execution of the Agreement it was discovered that certain patent assets were inadvertently omitted from Schedule 1 of the Agreement; and WHEREAS, the Parties mutually agree to amend Schedule 1 to add the inadvertently omitted patent assets. NOW THEREFORE, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 1. Schedule 1 of the Agreement is revised to add the following patents and patent applications: [ ] 2. The Parties agree that the assignment of the patents and applications added to Schedule 1 by this Amendment was effective as of the Assignment Date pursuant to 2.1 in the Agreement. 3. The Parties agree that the last day to pay the [ ] maintenance fee for [ ] is [ ]. If IsoPlexis pays the [ ] maintenance fee for [ ] at any point in time or otherwise effects the maintenance of [ ] or of any remaining rights derived therefrom beyond [ ], then IsoPlexis will pay Qiagen Sciences a one- time milestone payment of [ ] within [ ] days (a) of paying said maintenance fee or (b) after [ ], whatever date is earlier. For the avoidance of doubt, provided that no remaining rights derived from [ ] exist, no milestone payment shall be paid if: (a) [ ] ultimately expires for non-payment of the [ ] maintenance fee; or (b) Seller or a third party pays the [ ] maintenance fee for [ ], provided IsoPlexis expressly abandons [ ] within [ ] days of becoming aware of such payment; or (c) IsoPlexis pays the [ ] maintenance fee for [ ], provided IsoPlexis expressly abandons [ ] within [ ] days of making such payment: 

4. Except as expressly provided in this Amendment No.1 , all other terms, conditions, and provisions of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect as provided therein. 5. All capitalized terms that are not defined herein shall have the same meaning as ascribed to them in the Agreement. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, BUYER and SELLER have entered into this Amendment No.1 effective as of the date first set forth above. QIAGEN SCIENCES LLC ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION By: [ ] By: /s/ Sean Mackay Print Name: [ ] Print Name: Sean Mackay Title: [ ] Title: CEO QIAGEN GmbH By: [ ] Print Name: [ ] Title: [ ] 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.27>
 7
 iso-limitedwaiverforwork.htm
 EX-10.27

iso-limitedwaiverforwork 

[[6024628]] LIMITED WAIVER This Limited Waiver, dated as of March 1, 2023 (this Waiver ), is entered into by and among ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Lenders party hereto constituting Majority Lenders and Perceptive Credit Holdings III, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent ). RECITALS WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of December 30, 2020, as amended by that certain (i) First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of May 27, 2021, (ii) Second Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of October 29, 2021, (iii) Third Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of March 30, 2022, and (iv) Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of December 28, 2022 (as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 8.01(c) of the Credit Agreement, the Obligors are required to furnish to the Administrative Agent, as soon as available and in any event within one hundred fifty (150) days after the end of each fiscal year, the consolidated balance sheet of the Obligors as of the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Obligors for such fiscal year (collectively, the Annual Financial Statements ), accompanied by, among other things, a report and opinion thereon of an independent certified public accountant acceptable to the Administrative Agent (such report and opinion, an Audit Report ), which Audit Report shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception; WHEREAS, the Obligors have advised the Administrative Agent that the Audit Report that will accompany the Annual Financial Statements of the Obligors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 will be subject to a going concern or like qualification or exception (the Specified Event of Default WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Majority Lenders agree to waive the Specified Event of Default; and WHEREAS, the Majority Lenders are willing to grant such waiver in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of this Waiver. Now, therefore, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and the agreements herein set forth, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: 

2 [[6024628]] ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS Section 1.1. Certain Definitions. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement. ARTICLE II LIMITED WAIVER Section 2.1. Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Article IV hereof, pursuant to Section 13.04 of the Credit Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Majority Lenders hereby waive the Specified Event of Default. For the avoidance of doubt, this waiver is effective solely as a waiver of the Specified Event of Default and does not constitute a waiver of any other Default or Event of Default. ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Section 3.1. Representations and Warranties. In order to induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Waiver, the Borrower hereby represents and warrants as follows: (a) After giving effect to this Waiver, the representations and warranties of the Obligors contained in Article 7 of the Credit Agreement and in each other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof; provided that to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided further that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates. (b) The execution, delivery and performance of this Waiver has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of, and duly executed and delivered by, the Borrower. (c) No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or shall occur and be continuing immediately after giving effect to this Agreement. ARTICLE IV EFFECTIVENESS Section 4.1. Effectiveness. This Waiver shall become effective as of the date set forth above on which this Waiver shall be executed by each party hereto. ARTICLE V MISCELLANEOUS Section 5.1. Reference to and Effect on the Loan Documents. 

3 [[6024628]] (a) This Waiver constitutes a Loan Document. On and after the date hereof, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof , herein or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement after giving effect to this Waiver. (b) Except as specifically set forth in this Waiver, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. Section 5.2. Headings. The headings in this Waiver are included for convenience of reference only and will not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Waiver. Section 5.3. Governing Law. This Waiver, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Waiver shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York. Section 5.4. Counterparts. This Waiver may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same Waiver. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Waiver by facsimile, DocuSign, or a scanned copy by electronic mail shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Waiver. Section 5.5. Severability. If any term or other provision of this Waiver is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law, or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Waiver will nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto will negotiate in good faith to modify this Waiver so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible. Section 5.6. Binding Effect. This Waiver will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and is enforceable by the respective successors and permitted assigns of the parties hereto. [Remainder of page intentionally left blank; signatures on following pages.] 

Signature Page to Limited Waiver [[6024628]] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Waiver to be duly executed and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above. BORROWER: ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION By: /s/ John Strahley Name: John Strahley Title: CFO 

Signature Page to Limited Waiver [[6024628]] ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND LENDERS CONSTITUTING MAJORITY LENDERS: PERCEPTIVE CREDIT HOLDINGS III, LP By: Perceptive Credit Opportunities GP, LLC, its general partner By: /s/ Sandeep Dixit Name: Sandeep Dixit Title: Chief Credit Officer By: /s/ Sam Chawla Name: Sam Chawla Title: Portfolio Manager 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 8
 limitedwaiverdatedfebrua.htm
 EX-10.28

limitedwaiverdatedfebrua 

3/1/23, 8:10 PM SEC Filing | IsoPlexis https://investors.isoplexis.com/node/7631/html 1/12 View: UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 13, 2023 IsoPlexis Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-40894 46-2179799 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 35 NE Industrial Road Branford, CT 06405 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (203) 208-4111 Not applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share ISO The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

3/1/23, 8:10 PM SEC Filing | IsoPlexis https://investors.isoplexis.com/node/7631/html 2/12 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

3/1/23, 8:10 PM SEC Filing | IsoPlexis https://investors.isoplexis.com/node/7631/html 3/12 Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On February 13, 2023, IsoPlexis Corporation (the Company or IsoPlexis entered into a Limited Waiver (the Waiver ), by and among the Company, the Lenders party thereto (the Lenders and Perceptive Credit Holdings III, LP, as a lender and as administrative agent for the Lenders (the Administrative Agent ). The Company, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are parties to a Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of December 30, 2020 (as amended by the (i) First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of May 27, 2021, (ii) Second Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of October 29, 2021, (iii) Third Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of March 30, 2022 and (iv) Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of December 28, 2022, the Credit Agreement ). Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Company is required to attain a minimum total revenue for the twelve (12) month period most recently ending at the end of each fiscal quarter in the amounts set forth in Section 8.15(b) of the Credit Agreement. The Company has advised the Administrative Agent that it will fail to attain the minimum total revenue required as of December 31, 2022 (the Specified Event of Default ). Pursuant to the Waiver, the requisite Lenders have agreed to grant a waiver of the Specified Event of Default. The description of the Waiver does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Waiver, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. 

3/1/23, 8:10 PM SEC Filing | IsoPlexis https://investors.isoplexis.com/node/7631/html 4/12 ITEM 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Limited Waiver, dated February 13, 2023, by and among IsoPlexis Corporation, the Lenders party thereto and Perceptive Credit Holdings III, LP, as a lender and administrative agent 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

3/1/23, 8:10 PM SEC Filing | IsoPlexis https://investors.isoplexis.com/node/7631/html 5/12 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. ISOPLEXIS CORPORATION Date: February 16, 2023 By: /s/ John Strahley Name: John Strahley Title: Chief Financial Officer 

3/1/23, 8:10 PM SEC Filing | IsoPlexis https://investors.isoplexis.com/node/7631/html 6/12 Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this communication regarding the proposed transaction between Berkeley Lights, Inc. Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis, the expected timetable for completing the transaction, benefits and synergies of the transaction, future opportunities for the combined company and products and any other statements regarding Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis future expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, financial conditions, assumptions or future events or performance that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements made within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as may , believe, anticipate, would, could , should, intend, seek, plan, will, expect(s), estimate(s), predict(s), project(s), target(s), forecast(s) , continue(s), contemplate(s), positioned, potential, strategy, outlook, forward, continuing, ongoing and similar expressions. All such forward-looking statements involve estimates and assumptions that are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed in the statements. Among the key factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements are the following: the risk that the proposed transaction may not be completed in a timely manner or at all; the failure to receive, on a timely basis or otherwise, the required approvals of the proposed transaction by both Berkeley Lights stockholders and IsoPlexis stockholders; the possibility that any or all of the various conditions to the consummation of the proposed transaction may not be satisfied or waived, including the failure to receive any required regulatory approvals from any applicable governmental entities (or any conditions, limitations or restrictions placed on such approvals); the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the definitive transaction agreement relating to the proposed transaction, including in circumstances which would require Berkeley Lights or IsoPlexis to pay a termination fee; the effect of the announcement, pendency or completion of the proposed transaction on each of Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis ability to attract, motivate or retain key employees, its ability to maintain relationships with its customers, suppliers, distributors and others with whom it does business, or its operating results and business generally; risks related to the proposed transaction diverting management s attention from each of Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis ongoing business operations; the risk of stockholder litigation in connection with the proposed transaction, including resulting expense or delay; the possibility that the parties may be unable to achieve expected synergies and operating efficiencies in connection with the proposed transaction within the expected timeframes or at all and to successfully integrate IsoPlexis operations into those of Berkeley Lights; the integration of IsoPlexis operations into those of Berkeley Lights being more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected; effects relating to the announcement of the proposed transaction or any further announcements or the consummation of the proposed transaction on the market price of the common stock of each of Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis; the possibility that each of Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis expectations as to expenses, cash usage and cash needs may prove not to be correct for reasons such as changes in plans or actual events being different than its assumptions; the impacts of changes in general economic and business conditions, including changes in the financial markets; the implementation of each of Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis business model and strategic plans for its products and technologies, and challenges inherent in developing, manufacturing, launching, marketing and selling existing and new products; uncertainties in contractual relationships, including interruptions or delays in the supply of components or materials for, or manufacturing of, products for each of Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis; the ability of each of Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis to establish and maintain intellectual property protection for products or avoid or defend claims of infringement; risks relating to competition within the industry in which each of Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis operate; the impacts of potential product performance and quality issues; changes to and the impact of the laws, rules and regulations that regulate each of Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis operations; and any other risks discussed in each of Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis filings with the SEC, including Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8 K. Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis assume no obligation to update or revise publicly the information in this communication, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof. 

3/1/23, 8:10 PM SEC Filing | IsoPlexis https://investors.isoplexis.com/node/7631/html 7/12 Participants in the Solicitation Berkeley Lights, IsoPlexis and their respective directors, executive officers and other members of management and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction between Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis under the rules of the SEC. Information regarding Berkeley Lights directors and executive officers is set forth in Berkeley Lights Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022, and in certain of Berkeley Lights Current Reports on Form 8-K. To the extent holdings of Berkeley Lights securities by Berkeley Lights s directors and executive officers have changed since the amounts set forth in such proxy statement, such changes have been reflected in the joint proxy statement/prospectus relating to the proposed transaction, which was filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023, or will be reflected on subsequent statements of beneficial ownership filed with the SEC. Information regarding IsoPlexis directors and executive officers is set forth in IsoPlexis revised Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022, and in certain of IsoPlexis Current Reports on Form 8- K. To the extent holdings of IsoPlexis securities by IsoPlexis directors and executive officers have changed since the amounts set forth in such proxy statement, such changes have been reflected in the joint proxy statement/prospectus relating to the proposed transaction, which was filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023, or will be reflected on subsequent statements of beneficial ownership filed with the SEC. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated below. Additional information regarding the interests of these participants is set forth in the joint proxy statement/prospectus relating to the proposed transaction, which was filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023. Additional Information and Where to Find It In connection with the proposed transaction between Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis, Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis have filed relevant materials with the SEC, including a Berkeley Lights registration statement on Form S 4 that includes a joint proxy statement of Berkeley Lights and IsoPlexis that also constitutes a prospectus of Berkeley Lights. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT BERKELEY LIGHTS, ISOPLEXIS AND THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. The joint proxy statement/prospectus, and other documents relating to the proposed transaction, can be obtained free of charge from the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. These documents can also be obtained free of charge from Berkeley Lights investor relations website at www.investors.berkeleylights.com or from IsoPlexis investor relations website at www.investors.isoplexis.com. No Offer or Solicitation This communication is not intended to and shall not constitute an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation or sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Exhibit 10.1 EXECUTION VERSION L W This Limited Waiver, dated as of February 13, 2023 (this Waiver ), is entered into by and among I P C , a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Lenders party hereto constituting Majority Lenders and P C H III, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent ). R W , the Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of December 30, 2020, as amended by that certain (i) First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of May 27, 2021, (ii) Second Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of October 29, 2021, (iii) Third Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of March 30, 2022 and (iv) Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of December 28, 2022 (as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement 

3/1/23, 8:10 PM SEC Filing | IsoPlexis https://investors.isoplexis.com/node/7631/html 8/12 W , the Obligors are required to attain a Minimum Total Revenue for the twelve (12) month period most recently ending at the end of each fiscal quarter in the amounts set forth in Section 8.15(b) of the Credit Agreement; W , the Obligors have advised the Administrative Agent that they will fail to attain the Minimum Total Revenue required as of December 31, 2022 (the Specified Event of Default W , the Borrower has requested that the Majority Lenders agree to waive the Specified Event of Default; and W , the Majority Lenders are willing to grant such waiver in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of this Waiver. N , T , in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and the agreements herein set forth, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: ARTICLE I D Section 1.1. Certain Definitions. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement. 

3/1/23, 8:10 PM SEC Filing | IsoPlexis https://investors.isoplexis.com/node/7631/html 9/12 ARTICLE II L W Section 2.1. Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Article IV hereof, pursuant to Section 13.04 of the Credit Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Majority Lenders hereby waive the Specified Event of Default. For the avoidance of doubt, this waiver is effective solely as a waiver of the Specified Event of Default and does not constitute a waiver of any other Default or Event of Default. ARTICLE III R W Section 3.1. Representations and Warranties. In order to induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Waiver, the Borrower hereby represents and warrants as follows: (a) After giving effect to this Waiver, the representations and warranties of the Obligors contained in Article 7 of the Credit Agreement and in each other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof; provided that to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided further that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality , Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates. (b) The execution, delivery and performance of this Waiver has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of, and duly executed and delivered by, the Borrower. (c) No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or shall occur and be continuing immediately after giving effect to this Agreement. ARTICLE IV E Section 4.1. Effectiveness. This Waiver shall become effective as of the date set forth above on which this Waiver shall be executed by each party hereto. ARTICLE V M Section 5.1. Reference to and Effect on the Loan Documents. (a) This Waiver constitutes a Loan Document. On and after the date hereof, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof , herein or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement after giving effect to this Waiver. 2 

3/1/23, 8:10 PM SEC Filing | IsoPlexis https://investors.isoplexis.com/node/7631/html 10/12 (b) Except as specifically set forth in this Waiver, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. Section 5.2. Headings. The headings in this Waiver are included for convenience of reference only and will not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Waiver. Section 5.3. Governing Law. This Waiver, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Waiver shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York. Section 5.4. Counterparts. This Waiver may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same Waiver. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Waiver by facsimile, DocuSign, or a scanned copy by electronic mail shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Waiver. Section 5.5. Severability. If any term or other provision of this Waiver is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law, or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Waiver will nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto will negotiate in good faith to modify this Waiver so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible. Section 5.6. Binding Effect. This Waiver will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and is enforceable by the respective successors and permitted assigns of the parties hereto. [Remainder of page intentionally left blank; signatures on following pages.] 3 

3/1/23, 8:10 PM SEC Filing | IsoPlexis https://investors.isoplexis.com/node/7631/html 11/12 I W W , the parties hereto have caused this Waiver to be duly executed and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above. B : I P C By: /s/ John Strahley Name:John Strahley Title: CFO Signature Page to Limited Waiver 

3/1/23, 8:10 PM SEC Filing | IsoPlexis https://investors.isoplexis.com/node/7631/html 12/12 A A L M L : P C H III, LP, By: Perceptive Credit Opportunities GP, LLC, its general partner By: /s/ Sandeep Dixit Name:Sandeep Dixit Title: Chief Credit Officer By: /s/ Sam Chawla Name:Sam Chawla Title: Portfolio Manager Signature Page to Limited Waiver 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-14.1>
 9
 isoplexis-codeofbusiness.htm
 EX-14.1

isoplexis-codeofbusiness 

[[5670504]] IsoPlexis Corporation Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Adopted by the Board of Directors August 16, 2021 Effective upon the effectiveness of the registration statement relating to IsoPlexis Corporation s initial public offering IsoPlexis Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company , IsoPlexis , we or our require and expect the highest standards of professional and ethical conduct from our employees, officers and directors you ). Our goal and reputation for transparency and integrity is key to the success of our business. We intend that our business practices will comply with the laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate and are subject to and that transparency, integrity and accountability will always characterize the Company s business activity. No employee, officer or director may achieve results through violations of laws or regulations or unscrupulous dealings. This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (this Code reflects the Company s commitment to our culture of transparency, integrity and accountability and outlines the basic principles and policies with which all employees, officers and directors are expected and required to comply. The Company also expects and requires contractors of the Company, including consultants and advisors, to adhere to the relevant principles of this Code in connection with their activities for the Company. Compliance with this Code and applicable law by you is mandatory and is a condition of retention, employment or continued engagement as a contractor or agent. Therefore, we expect you to read this Code thoroughly and carefully. A copy of this Code is available on our website, www.isoplexis.com. This Code does not purport to address every issue or situation that may arise but sets out basic principles that should govern your day-to-day business behavior. You must conduct yourself accordingly and seek to avoid even the appearance of improper behavior. In addition to following this Code in all aspects of your business activities, you are expected to seek guidance in any situation where there is a question regarding compliance issues, whether with the letter or the spirit of this Code or the Company s other policies and applicable laws. Compliance with this Code is essential to the continued success of the Company s business and the cultivation and maintenance of our reputation as a good corporate citizen. Misconduct is never justified, even where seemingly sanctioned or ordered by an officer or other individual in a position of higher management. No individual, regardless of stature or position, can authorize actions that are illegal, or that jeopardize or violate the Company s standards, including, but not limited to, standards discussed in this Code. A. Compliance with, Waivers of, and Amendments to this Code We expect and require each officer, director and employee of the Company to thoughtfully review this Code and follow both the letter and spirit of the standards and 

2 [[5670504]] policies contained herein. Failure to comply with this Code or applicable laws, rules or regulations may result in disciplinary measures, including immediate termination. Violations of this Code may also constitute violations of law and may result in civil or criminal penalties for such persons, such person s supervisors and/or the Company. The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board will determine, or designate appropriate persons to determine, appropriate enforcement actions to be taken in the event of a violation of this Code in relation to officers and directors. In determining what action is appropriate in a particular case, the Board or its designee(s) will consider the nature and severity of the violation, whether the violation was a single occurrence, whether the action was illegal, whether the action was intentional and whether the individual in question had been advised prior to the violation as to the proper course of action. The Company s most senior ranking legal officers (the Senior Legal Officer ), or, in the Senior Legal Officer s absence, or if the Senior Legal Officer has a conflict, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, will determine appropriate actions to be taken in the event of a violation of this Code in relation to all other employees. Any waiver of any part of this Code for any executive officer or director and any amendment to this Code may be made only by the Board and will be promptly disclosed to stockholders through publication on our website or as required by the rules and regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and the corporate governance listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market. This Code cannot, and is not intended to, address all of the ethical complexities that may arise during the course of employment or association with the Company. There will be occasions where circumstances not covered by policy or procedure arise, and where a judgment must be made as to the appropriate course of action. In such circumstances, the Company encourages common sense decision-making, reviewing the Company s other written policies and procedures (such as the Employee Handbook and postings in the workplace), and consultation with a manager, member of Human Resources, or the Senior Legal Officer for guidance. B. Encouraging the Reporting of Any Illegal, Improper or Unethical Behavior or Accounting or Auditing Matters All employees, officers and directors should be alert and sensitive to situations that could result in misconduct. If you believe that actions have taken place, may be taking place or may be about to take place that have violated, violate or would violate this Code, any applicable laws or regulations or any other Company policy, then you are obligated to bring the matter to the attention of the Company through the process described below. This Code is designed to encourage the participation by all employees, officers and directors to provide a method to report conduct that they suspect is or may be in violation of this Code. All employees, officers and directors may openly, confidentially or anonymously report potential or actual violations of this Code or potential or actual violations or concerns relating to any law, regulation or Company policy. This includes any reports or complaints relating to accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing 

3 [[5670504]] matters, which will be directed to the attention of the Company s Audit Committee or the appropriate members of the Audit Committee. As a general matter, if any employee, officer or director has any questions, concerns, complaints or reports about compliance with this Code or is just unsure of what the right thing is to do, he or she is encouraged to speak with his or her supervisor, manager or any other appropriate persons within the Company. If he or she does not feel comfortable talking to any of these persons for any reason, he or she should call the Senior Legal Officer. The Senior Legal Officer will register all complaints, brought anonymously or otherwise, and direct those complaints to the appropriate channels within the Company. All employees, officers and directors may direct issues or complaints, including auditing and accounting related issues or complaints, directly to the Senior Legal Officer or through the Company s anonymous web-based ethics and compliance reporting system. Directly to the Senior Legal Officer: Private and Confidential Shane Sevier 35 NE Industrial Rd. Branford, CT 06405 shane.sevier@isoplexis.com Via the Company s anonymous web-based ethics and compliance reporting system by logging onto: https://www.whistleblowerservices.com/ISO The Company expressly forbids any retaliation against any employee, officer or director for reporting suspected or actual misconduct. Any person who participates in any retaliation is subject to disciplinary action, including immediate termination. Furthermore, the Company could be subject to criminal or civil actions for acts of retaliation against any employee, officer or director for reporting U.S. securities law violations or other federal offenses. Employees, officers and directors must not make allegations of violations of this Code, any applicable laws or regulations or any Company policy in bad faith or in a false or frivolous manner. C. Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations Compliance with both the letter and spirit of all laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Company, including any securities exchange or other organization or body that regulates the Company, is critical to our reputation and continued success. All employees, officers and directors must respect and obey the laws of the cities, counties, states and countries in which the Company operates and is subject to and avoid even the appearance of impropriety. All employees, officers or directors who fail to comply with this Code and applicable laws will be subject to disciplinary measures, up to and including immediate discharge from the Company. 

4 [[5670504]] D. Insider Trading Insider trading is unethical, illegal and a violation of this Code. Employees, officers and directors must not trade in securities of a company (including IsoPlexis) while in possession of material non-public information regarding that company (including IsoPlexis). Employees, officers and directors are prohibited from using material information acquired in the course of carrying out their duties to buy or sell stock or any other kind of property, or from advising or encouraging anyone else to buy or sell stock or any other kind of property, if that information has not been reported publicly first. This would constitute improper use of inside information and is illegal in the United States and many other countries and a violation of this Code. Officers and directors are also prohibited from selling short the Company s stock or engaging in other transactions where the officer or director will earn a profit based on a decline in the Company s stock price. The Company has provided each employee, officer and director with a separate document entitled Policy on Insider Trading . The Policy on Insider Trading addresses in a detailed manner insider trading laws and how such laws apply to all employees, officers, directors of the Company and others working on behalf of the Company. E. Confidential Information All employees, officers and directors must maintain and protect the confidentiality of information entrusted to them by the Company, or information that otherwise comes into their possession, during the course of their employment, work or while carrying out their duties and responsibilities, except when disclosure is authorized by the Company in writing or legally mandated. The obligation to preserve confidential information continues even after employees, officers and directors leave the Company. Confidential information encompasses all non-public information (including, for example, inside information, such as material non-public information that has not been publicly disclosed and has the potential to affect an investors decision-making process with regard to buying, selling or trading the Company s securities, or information that suppliers and customers have entrusted to the Company) that may be of use to competitors, or may otherwise be harmful to the Company or its key stakeholders, if disclosed. Financial information is of special sensitivity and should under all circumstances be considered confidential, except where its disclosure is approved by the Company or when the information has been publicly disseminated. Employees, officers and directors may not discuss internal Company matters or developments with anyone outside of the Company, except as required in the performance of regular corporate duties. This prohibition applies specifically (but not exclusively) to inquiries about the Company made by the financial press, investment analysts or others in the financial community. It is important that all such communications on behalf of the Company be through an appropriately designated officer under carefully controlled circumstances. Unless you are expressly authorized in 

5 [[5670504]] writing to the contrary, if you receive any inquiries of this nature, you should decline to comment and refer the inquirer to the Senior Legal Officer or the Chief Financial Officer. Do not try to resolve uncertainties on your own. F. Protection and Proper Use of Company Assets and Proprietary Information The Company s property is to be protected and used efficiently and solely for the benefit of the Company to pursue its legitimate business purposes. You should protect the Company s property from loss, damage, misuse, theft, embezzlement or destruction. Theft, carelessness and waste have a direct impact on the Company s profitability. Company property includes tangible property such as funds, premises, equipment and furnishings, as well as proprietary information such as customer lists, non-public financial information, business plans and forecasts, intellectual property, software and ideas for new products and services. Employees, officers and directors may not use Company property for personal benefit, nor may they take Company property with them when they cease working for the Company. The use and transfer of Company property to third parties must be consistent with Company policies. Any suspected or actual incidents of fraud, theft, loss, misuse or waste of Company property should be immediately reported to the Senior Legal Officer for investigation. Funds and assets of the Company may only be used for legitimate business purposes and in a manner consistent with Company policies. Services should be provided and products purchased on the basis of quality, value, price and other tangible criteria. Furthermore, the Company s funds or assets may only be used for legitimate business purposes and must never be used for any unlawful purpose. The Company s intellectual property includes, among other things, inventions, improvements, ideas, information, software, models and programs, together with the related materials, know-how, documentation, patents, trademarks, copyrights and other rights that go along with them. The Company will normally be the exclusive owner of all rights in intellectual property that is related to its business or is developed by its employees or contractors in the course of their employment or service with the Company. This is true whether or not the employees or contractors make the developments during working hours, on Company premises or using Company material or resources. The obligation to use proprietary information only for legitimate business purposes continues even after an individual leaves the Company. The Company s intellectual property rights are extremely valuable to the Company. These rights are also considered extremely fragile because they can be compromised or even forfeited if they are not vigilantly protected. In order to protect the Company s intellectual property, all employees, officers, directors and contractors should use their best efforts to: recognize and identify the Company s actual or potential intellectual property assets; assist in securing the Company s ownership of intellectual property assets; assist, where appropriate, in registering, patenting or otherwise legally protecting the Company s intellectual property rights; 

6 [[5670504]] use the Company s intellectual property rights properly, including in licensing and other transactions; prevent any infringement or misuse of the Company s intellectual property; notify the appropriate Company personnel of any potential infringement or misuse of the Company s intellectual property so that the Company may take appropriate action; and have outside vendors, contractors, licensees, joint venture partners and employees sign the appropriate Company documents acknowledging the Company s intellectual property ownership. The Company s communication facilities (which include both our network and the hardware that uses it, such as computers and mobile devices) are a critical aspect of the Company s property, both physical and intellectual. You must be sure to follow all security policies. If you have any reason to believe that our network security has been violated for example, if you lose your laptop or smart phone or think that your network password may have been compromised you must promptly report the incident to the IT team. For more information, consult the Company s security policies. Anything you do using the Company s corporate electronic facilities (e.g., our computers, mobile devices, network, etc.) or store on our premises (e.g., letters, memos and other documents) might be disclosed to people inside and outside the Company. For example, the Company reserves the right, and may be required by law (e.g., in response to a subpoena or warrant), to monitor, access and disclose the contents of corporate email, voicemail, computer files and other materials on our electronic facilities or on our premises. In addition, the Company may monitor, access and disclose employee communications and other information on our corporate electronic facilities or on our premises for any reason, including protecting employees and clients or maintaining the security of our resources and property. G. Corporate Opportunity and Conflicts When carrying out your duties or responsibilities, you owe a duty to the Company to advance its legitimate interests. Employees, officers and directors are prohibited from (i) taking for themselves opportunities that arise through the use of the Company s corporate property, information or position without prior Company approval, (ii) using the Company s corporate property, information or position for personal gain and (iii) competing with the Company either directly or indirectly. In the case of directors of the Company, these principles are intended to be consistent with the comparable fiduciary obligations that directors already owe the Company. A conflict of interest occurs when your private interest interferes, appears to interfere or is inconsistent in any way with the interests of the Company. For example, conflicts of interests may arise if: you cause the Company to engage in business transactions with a company that you, your friends or your relatives (i) control or (ii) otherwise invest in without 

7 [[5670504]] having obtained the appropriate prior approvals required. See also Related Person Transactions below; you are in a position to (i) compete with, rather than help, the Company or (ii) make a business decision not on the basis of the Company s interest but rather for your own personal advantage; you take actions, or have personal or family interests, that may make it difficult to perform your work (or discharge your duties and obligations) effectively; or you, or any of your family members or affiliates, receive improper personal benefits as a result of your position in the Company other than gratuities and payments received or provided in compliance with the guidelines set forth in Business Gifts and Entertainment below. A conflict of interest may not be immediately recognizable, and therefore potential conflicts must be reported immediately to the Senior Legal Officer. Further, if you become aware of a conflict or potential conflict of interest involving another employee, officer or director, you should bring it to the attention of the Senior Legal Officer or a member of the Audit Committee. If the concern requires confidentiality, including keeping particular individuals anonymous, then this confidentiality will be protected, except to the extent necessary to conduct an effective investigation or as required by applicable law, regulation or legal proceedings. H. Business Gifts and Entertainment The Company recognizes that occasional exchanges of business courtesies between vendors, suppliers and our employees, such as entertainment, meals or gifts, can be helpful in building and maintaining business relationships. However, you should exercise extreme caution when accepting offers of entertainment, meals or gifts, as regular or excessive entertainment, meals or gifts can easily create a conflict of interest or an appearance of a conflict of interest, and irreparably damage your reputation and the reputation of the Company. Generally, entertainment and gifts must have a clear business purpose and should benefit the Company by building trust and goodwill in the business relationship. Participating in entertainment such as meals, sports events, golf outings, and celebration functions with our business partners is acceptable provided the entertainment with the same business partner is infrequent, in good taste, in moderation and not extravagant. Similarly, gifts should only be of nominal value, infrequent, in good taste, in moderation and not extravagant. Efforts should also be made so that even when a clear business purpose has been established, the costs for the entertainment or meals are shared, or reciprocated when appropriate and possible. In no event should you ever solicit offers of entertainment, meals or gifts, and, similarly, you must never accept entertainment, meals or gifts if there is no clear business purpose, if such acceptance would create a conflict of interest or appear to create a conflict of interest, or if it can be construed as a bribe or payoff or violate any laws or regulations. Strict rules apply when the Company does business with governmental agencies and officials, whether in the United States or in other countries. See also Illegal 

8 [[5670504]] Payments; Relationships with Government Personnel below. Because of the sensitive nature of these relationships, you must seek approval from a supervisor and the Senior Legal Officer before offering or making any gifts or hospitality to government officials or employees. I. Illegal Payments; Relationships with Government Personnel Improper payments, whether illegal political contributions, bribery of domestic or foreign officials, or similar acts, are violations of this Code and may be violations of U.S. federal, state or local laws, and funds and resources of the Company shall not be used directly or indirectly for such purposes. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 prohibits giving anything of value, directly or indirectly, to officials of foreign governments or foreign political candidates in order to obtain or retain business. It is strictly prohibited to make illegal payments, including illegal political contributions, of any kind to government officials or political candidates of any country. In addition, many jurisdictions have laws and regulations regarding business gratuities which may be accepted by government personnel. Gifts or courtesies that would not be appropriate for private parties are in all cases inappropriate for government officials. J. Related Person Transactions You must report to the Senior Legal Officer any proposed agreement or proposed activities that could give rise to conflicts of interest involving an aggregate payment or consideration in excess of 120,000, that you, any of your family members or affiliates, or any entity from which you, a member of your family or any of your affiliates receives any payment, proposes to enter into with the Company, whether directly or indirectly (each such agreement, a Transaction ). Your report must include all relevant terms of such Transaction. The Senior Legal Officer will then refer the Transaction to the Audit Committee. You must obtain the approval of the Audit Committee before entering into the Transaction. You are also encouraged to seek clarification of, and discuss questions about, any potential conflicts of interest (whether or not an aggregate payment or consideration in excess of 120,000 would be involved). K. Fair Dealing The Company, and therefore all employees, officers and directors, must operate in compliance with all applicable competition, fair dealing and other laws in the markets in which the Company operates and is subject to such rules and laws. Accordingly, all employees, officers and directors should endeavor to treat all competitors, employees, customers and suppliers fairly. Employees, officers and directors should not take unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged or 

9 [[5670504]] confidential information, misrepresentation, fraudulent behavior or any other unfair dealing practice. The antitrust laws of many jurisdictions are designed to preserve a competitive economy and promote fair and vigorous competition. You are required to comply with these laws and regulations. You also have a particular responsibility to ensure that you understand the Company s standards and are familiar with applicable competition laws if you are involved in marketing, sales and purchasing, contracts or in discussions with competitors. L. Records Retention/Destruction The Company s corporate records are important assets. Corporate records include essentially all records that employees, officers or directors produce for the Company, whether hard copy or electronic. A record may be as obvious as a memorandum, a contract or a case study, or something less obvious, such as a computerized desk calendar, an appointment book or an expense record. Records created, received, viewed or used during the conduct of Company business, including all communications drafted, sent or received using the Company s email system, are at all times the property of the Company wherever those records may be located. At any time, the Company and, in certain circumstances, third parties (including governmental officials), could review, without prior notice to personnel, any and all corporate records, including records marked Personal or Private . From time to time, the Company may establish retention or destruction policies or schedules for specific categories of records in order to ensure legal compliance, and also to accomplish other objectives, such as preserving the Company s intellectual property and cost management. The Company expects and requires all employees, officers and directors to comply with any published records retention or destruction policies or schedules, provided that all employees, officers and directors should note the following general exception to any stated destruction schedule: if you believe, or the Company informs you, that Company records are relevant to litigation, potential litigation (i.e., a dispute that could result in litigation) or investigation, then you must preserve those records until the Senior Legal Officer determines the records are no longer needed. This exception supersedes any previously or subsequently established destruction schedule for those records. M. Accurate Recording and Reporting The Company requires honest and accurate recording and reporting of its business information. Books, accounts, financial statements and records must be maintained in full and accurate detail and must fairly reflect the Company s transactions and events. All disclosures in reports and documents that the Company files with, or submits to, the SEC, as well as in other public communications made by the Company, must be timely, full, fair, accurate and understandable. The Company s books, records and reports must conform to the appropriate systems of internal controls, disclosure controls and other legal and regulatory requirements. 

10 [[5670504]] Examples of unacceptable practices are: undisclosed or unrecorded funds or assets; false or artificial entries being made in any books or records for any reason or engaging in any arrangement that results in such prohibited act; non-disclosure of off-balance-sheet arrangements; payments approved or made with the intention or understanding that it is to be used for any purpose other than that described by the document supporting the payment; and employees, officers and directors taking any action that fraudulently influences, coerces, manipulates or misleads any independent public or certified accountant involved in an audit of the Company. Many people, both within and outside the Company, depend upon these reports to be accurate and truthful for a variety of reasons. Also, the Company requires honest and accurate recording and reporting of information in order to make responsible business decisions. Any employee, officer or director having information or knowledge as to a possible violation of any of the above provisions or any similar instances of noncompliance with this Code or concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters shall promptly report such matter to the Senior Legal Officer. Failure to comply with these guidelines is grounds for disciplinary action. N. Discrimination and Harassment; Human Resources Practices The Company is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all qualified individuals without regard to age, race, gender, religion, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, physical or mental disability or ethnic characteristics. Any illegal discrimination or harassment on any such basis, or any other basis protected by federal, state, local law, ordinance or regulation or set forth in the Company s workplace postings, policies and the Employee Handbook, is a violation of this Code. This Discrimination and Harassment policy within the Code extends to all areas of employment and work, including hiring, training, compensation, promotion, discipline, transfer, layoff, termination and all other conditions of employment. All employees, officers and directors shall be treated with respect and consideration from the Company and must treat others in the same manner. In addition, when required under applicable law, third parties, including contractors and vendors, shall comply with the Company s discrimination and harassment requirements set forth in the Company s written policies and procedures. All levels of supervision are responsible for monitoring and complying with the applicable laws and regulations and the Company s policies and procedures for handling complaints concerning harassment or other forms of unlawful discrimination. 

11 [[5670504]] The Company strives to provide each employee with a safe and healthy work environment. Each employee, officer and director has responsibility for maintaining a safe and healthy workplace for all employees, officers and directors by following safety and health practices and the rules set forth in the Company s written policies and procedures, including the Company s Injury and Illness Prevention Program and the Employee Handbook, and posted in the workplace. You are expected and required to report accidents, injuries and unsafe equipment, practices or conditions. You are expected and required to conduct yourself in a manner appropriate for your work environment, and are also expected and required to be sensitive to and respectful of the concerns, values and preferences of others. Violence and physically threatening behavior is expressly prohibited. The use of alcohol or drugs (including the improper use of over the counter medication) in the workplace will not be tolerated and may result in immediate termination. O. Cooperation in Internal Investigations You are expected and required to cooperate fully in all internal investigations of any kind initiated by the (i) Board or any Committee appointed by the Board, (ii) senior management, (iii) internal auditors, (iv) external auditors and (v) any regulatory or law enforcement agency. You are expected and required to respond to all inquiries with honesty and integrity. P. Disciplinary Action Any employee, officer or director found to have violated this Code shall be subject to appropriate disciplinary action, up to and including immediate termination. Where criminal violations are alleged to have occurred or are occurring, the Company will be required to report these actual or suspected violations to the appropriate governmental authorities or, in the case of violations of state criminal laws, to the appropriate state authorities. The Company will also aid law enforcement authorities in the prosecution of culpable individuals. 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 10
 exhibit211subsidiariesofth.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 99.1 

 Isoplexis Corporation 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 IsoPlexis UK Limited (organized under the laws of the United Kingdom) 
 
 IsoPlexis (Shanghai) Trading Co., Ltd. (organized under the laws of the People s Republic of China) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 ex23-1deloitteconsent.htm
 EX-23.1

ex23-1deloitteconsent 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-260161 and 333-264180 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 2, 2023, relating to the financial statements of IsoPlexis Corporation appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Hartford, Connecticut March 2, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 exhibit31120221231.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Sean Mackay, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of IsoPlexis Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. paragraph omitted in accordance with Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 a. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 2, 2023 
 By s Sean Mackay Name Sean Mackay Title Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 exhibit31220221231.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, John Strahley, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of IsoPlexis Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. paragraph omitted in accordance with Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 a. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 2, 2023 
 By s John Strahley Name John Strahley Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 exhibit32120221231.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of IsoPlexis Corporation (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 1. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 2, 2023 
 By s Sean Mackay Name Sean Mackay Title Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission Release No. 34-47551 and shall not be considered filed as part of the Report. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 exhibit32220221231.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of IsoPlexis Corporation (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 2, 2023 
 By s John Strahley Name John Strahley Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission Release No. 34-47551 and shall not be considered filed as part of the Report. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 iso-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 iso-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 iso-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 iso-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 iso-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

