<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1591890_0001493152-23-008861.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7603886</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>348665</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1280996</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2456819</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1557923</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1754088</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008861.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324160546
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008861
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FG Financial Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001591890
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				461119100
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36366
		FILM NUMBER:		23759892

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		104 S. WALNUT STREET
		STREET 2:		UNIT 1A
		CITY:			ITASCA
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60143
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(847)-773-1665

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		104 S. WALNUT STREET
		STREET 2:		UNIT 1A
		CITY:			ITASCA
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60143

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	1347 Property Insurance Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131113

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008861.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

 or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________________ to _______________________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S
 Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

- 

 (Registrant s
telephone number) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
 registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large
 Accelerated Filer 
 
 Accelerated
 Filer 

Smaller
 Reporting Company 
 
 Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect
the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those
error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

On
June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates was , computed on the
basis of the closing sale price of the Registrant s common stock on that date. 

As
of March 24, 2023, the total number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s common stock was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

FG
FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

Table
of Contents 

PART I 
 2 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 3 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 5 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 15 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 15 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 15 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 16 

PART II 
 16 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 16 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 16 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 17 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 28 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 29 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 59 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 59 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 60 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 60 

PART III 
 60 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 60 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 69 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 79 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 81 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 83 

PART IV 
 84 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 84 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 85 

SIGNATURES 
 86 

1 

FG
FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

PART
I 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
These statements are therefore entitled to the protection of the safe harbor provisions of these laws. These statements may be identified
by the use of forward-looking terminology such as anticipate, believe, budget, can, 
 contemplate, continue, could, envision, estimate, expect, 
 evaluate, forecast, goal, guidance, indicate, intend, 
 likely, may, might, outlook, plan, possibly, potential, 
 predict, probable, probably, pro-forma, project, seek, 
 should, target, view, will, would, will be, will
continue, will likely result or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. In particular,
discussions and statements regarding the Company s future business plans and initiatives are forward-looking in nature. We have
based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates, and projections. While we believe these to
be reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are
beyond our control. These and other important factors may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, and may impact our ability
to implement and execute on our future business plans and initiatives. Management cautions that the forward-looking statements in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K are not guarantees of future performance, and we cannot assume that such statements will be realized or the
forward-looking events and circumstances will occur. Factors that might cause such a difference include, without limitation, general
conditions in the global economy, including the impact of health and safety concerns from the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic; our lack
of operating history or established reputation in the reinsurance industry; our inability to obtain or maintain the necessary approvals
to operate reinsurance subsidiaries; risks associated with operating in the reinsurance industry, including inadequately priced insured
risks, credit risk associated with brokers we may do business with, and inadequate retrocessional coverage; our inability to execute
on our investment and investment management strategy and potential loss of value of investments; risk of becoming an investment company;
fluctuations in our short-term results as we implement our new business strategy; risks of not being unable to attract and retain qualified
management and personnel to implement and execute on our business and growth strategy; failure of our information technology systems,
data breaches and cyber-attacks; our ability to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls; our limited operating
history as a public company; the requirements of being a public company and losing our status as a smaller reporting company or becoming
an accelerated filer; any potential conflicts of interest between us and our controlling stockholders and different interests of controlling
stockholders; and potential conflicts of interest between us and our directors and executive officers. 

Our
expectations and future plans and initiatives may not be realized. If one of these risks or uncertainties materializes, or if our underlying
assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those expected, estimated or projected. You are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference to the Form
10-K are made only as of the date hereof and do not necessarily reflect our outlook at any other point in time. We do not undertake and
specifically decline any obligation to update any such statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any such statements
to reflect new information, future events or developments. 

2 

FG
FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

FG
Financial Group, Inc. FGF , the Company , we , or us is a reinsurance, merchant
banking and asset management holding company. We focus on opportunistic collateralized and loss capped reinsurance, while allocating
capital in partnership with Fundamental Global , and from time to time, other strategic investors, to merchant banking
activities. The Company s principal business operations are conducted through its subsidiaries and affiliates. The Company also
provides asset management services. From our inception in October 2012 through December 2019, we operated as an insurance holding company,
writing property and casualty insurance throughout the states of Louisiana, Florida, and Texas. On December 2, 2019, we sold our three
former insurance subsidiaries, and embarked upon our current strategy focused on reinsurance, merchant banking and asset management. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Fundamental Global GP, LLC FG ), a private partnership focused on long-term strategic holdings, and
its affiliated entity, collectively beneficially owned approximately 60.0 of our common stock. D. Kyle Cerminara, Chairman of our Board
of Directors, serves as Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder and Partner of FG. 

Reincorporation 

Effective
at 5:01 p.m. ET on December 9, 2022, the Company completed its reincorporation from a Delaware corporation to a Nevada corporation (the
 Reincorporation ). The Reincorporation was accomplished by means of a merger by and between the Company and its former wholly
owned subsidiary FG Financial Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation. As of December 9, 2022, the rights of the Company s stockholders
began to be governed by the Nevada corporation laws, our Amended and Restated Nevada Articles of Incorporation and our Nevada Bylaws.
The Reincorporation was approved by the Company s stockholders at a special meeting held on December 6, 2022. 

Other
than the change in the state of incorporation, the Reincorporation did not result in any change in the business, physical location, management,
assets, liabilities or net worth of the Company, nor did it result in any change in location of the Company s employees, including
the Company s management. 

The
Reincorporation did not alter any stockholder s percentage ownership interest or number of shares owned in the Company and the
Company s common stock continues to be quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market under the same symbol FGF and the 8.00 
Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A of the Company continues to be quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market under the same symbol, FGFPP. 

Sale
of the Insurance Business 

On
December 2, 2019, we completed the sale of our insurance subsidiaries to FedNat Holding Company for a combination of cash and FedNat
common stock (the Asset Sale ). The Company sold the remaining FedNat common stock shares held in October 2022. 

Current
Business 

Our
strategy has evolved to focus on opportunistic collateralized and loss-capped reinsurance, with capital allocation to merchant banking
activities with asymmetrical risk/reward opportunities. As part of our refined focus, we have adopted the following capital allocation
philosophy: 

Grow
intrinsic value per share with a long-term focus using fundamental research , allocating capital to
 asymmetric risk/reward opportunities. 

Currently,
the business operates as a diversified holding company of insurance, reinsurance, asset management, our Special Purpose Acquisition Corporation SPAC Platform businesses, and merchant banking division. 

Insurance 

Sponsor
Protection Coverage and Risk, Inc. is being formed as a special purpose captive in South Carolina to provide reinsurance coverage for
Sides A, B, C Directors and Officers Liability insurance coverage for related and unrelated entities of Fundamental Global Reinsurance
Ltd. FGRe ). These will include SPAC entities engaged in the services or business of taking companies public, as well as
small cap businesses performing an initial public offering. 

Reinsurance 

The
Company s wholly owned reinsurance subsidiary, FGRe, a Cayman Islands limited liability company, provides specialty property and
casualty reinsurance. FGRe has been granted a Class B (iii) insurer license in accordance with the terms of The Insurance Act (as revised)
of the Cayman Islands and underlying regulations thereto and is subject to regulation by the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority (the Authority ).
The terms of the license require advance approval from the Authority should FGRe wish to enter into any reinsurance agreements which
are not fully collateralized. FGRe participates in a Funds at Lloyds FAL syndicate covering risks written by the syndicate
during the 2021 and 2022 calendar years, and on December 10, 2022 agreed to cover risks written by the syndicate during the calendar
year 2023. On April 1, 2021, FGRe entered its second reinsurance contract with a leading insurtech company that provides automotive insurance
utilizing driver monitoring to predictively segment and price drivers. The Company added a second agreement with the automotive insurance
provider as of April 1, 2022. Beginning January 1, 2022, FGRe participates in a quota share reinsurance contract with a startup homeowners 
insurance company. On April 1, 2022, FGRe entered a homeowners property catastrophe excess of loss reinsurance contract with a
specialty insurance company covering loss occurrences from named tropical storms arising out of the Atlantic. On July 1, 2022, FGRe entered
a contract with a specialty insurance company that provides hired and non-owned automotive insurance. These agreements limit exposure
by loss-caps stipulated within the reinsurance contracts. 

3 

Asset
Management 

FG
Strategic Consulting, LLC FGSC ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, provides investment advisory services, including
identifying, analyzing and recommending potential investments, advising as to existing investments and investment optimization, recommending
investment dispositions, and providing advice regarding macro-economic conditions. 

SPAC
Platform 

On
December 21, 2020, we formed FG Management Solutions LLC FGMS ), formerly known as FG SPAC Solutions, LLC, a Delaware company,
to facilitate the launch of our SPAC Platform . Under the SPAC Platform, we provide various strategic, administrative, and
regulatory support services to newly formed SPACs for a monthly fee. Additionally, the Company co-founded a partnership, FG Merchant
Partners, LP FGMP ), formerly known as FG SPAC Partners, LP, to participate as a co-sponsor for newly formed SPACs. The
Company also participates in the risk capital investments associated with the launch of such SPACs through its Asset Management business,
specifically FG Special Situations Fund, LP Fund ). As discussed in Note 4, the Company had consolidated the results of
the Fund through November 30, 2021; however, effective December 1, 2021, the Company began accounting for its investment in the Fund
under the equity method. The first transaction entered under the SPAC Platform occurred on January 11, 2021, by and among FGMS and Aldel
Investors, LLC, the sponsor of Aldel Financial, Inc. Aldel ), a special purpose acquisition company which completed its
business combination with Hagerty (NYSE: HGTY) on December 2, 2021. Under the services agreement between FGMS and Aldel Investors, LLC
(the Agreement ), FGMS provided accounting, regulatory, strategic advisory, and other administrative services to Aldel,
which included assistance with negotiations with potential merger targets for the SPAC as well as assistance with the de-SPAC process. 

In
March and April 2022, the Company continued to build upon its SPAC Platform strategy. On March 3, 2022, FG Merger Corp. FG Merger (Nasdaq: FGMCU) announced the closing of an 80.5 million IPO in the United States, including the exercise of the over-allotment option
granted to the underwriters in the offering. Similarly, on April 5, 2022, FG Acquisition Corp. FG Acquisition (TSX:FGAA.V),
announced the closing of a 115 million IPO in Canada, including the exercise of the over-allotment option granted to the underwriters
in the offering. The Company participated in the risk capital associated with the launch of the SPACs through its asset management business,
specifically FG Special Situations Fund, LP. Mr. Cerminara, our Chairman, Larry G. Swets, Jr., our Director and Chief Executive Officer,
and Hassan R. Baqar, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, also hold financial interests in the SPACs and/or their
sponsor companies. Additionally, Messrs. Cerminara, Swets, and Baqar are managers of the sponsor companies of FG Merger and FG Acquisition.
Mr. Swets serves as Chairman of FG Merger, while Messrs. Baqar and Cerminara serve as Director and Senior Advisor of FG Merger, respectively.
Mr. Swets serves as Chief Executive Officer and Director of FG Acquisition. Mr. Baqar serves as Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and
Director of FG Acquisition. Mr. Cerminara serves as Chairman of FG Acquisition. 

In
the aggregate, the Company s indirect exposure to FG Merger through its subsidiaries represents potential beneficial ownership
of approximately 820,000 shares of FG Merger s common stock, approximately 989,000 warrants with an 11.50 exercise price and 5-year
expiration, and approximately 85,000 warrants with a 15.00 exercise price and 10-year expiration. The Company has invested approximately
 2.6 million in FG Merger through its subsidiaries. The Company s indirect exposure in FG Acquisition through its subsidiaries
represents potential beneficial ownership of approximately 819,000 shares of FG Acquisition s common stock, approximately 1,400,000
warrants with an 11.50 exercise price and 5-year expiration (the FGAC Warrants ), approximately 440,000 warrants with a
 15 exercise price and 10-year expiration, and either (i) up to approximately an additional 1,600,000 FGAC Warrants, or (ii) up to approximately
 2 million in cash, or (iii) a pro-rata combination of such FGAC Warrants and cash, based on certain adjustment provisions and the level
of redemptions of FG Acquisition s publicly traded warrants at the time of a business combination. The Company has invested approximately
 3.4 million in FG Acquisition through its subsidiaries. 

Merchant
Banking 

In
Q3 2022, the Company announced the expansion of its growth strategy through the formation of a merchant banking division. The Company
invested 2.0 million into its first project launched under the platform, FG Communities, Inc FGC ). FGC is a self-managed
real estate company focused on a growing portfolio of manufactured housing communities which are owned and operated by FGC. As discussed
further in Note 4, the Company will hold this investment at cost, subject to any adjustment from time to time due to impairment or observable
price changes in orderly transactions. 

4 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had seven employees. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreement and believe that relations with
our employees are satisfactory. Each of our employees has entered into confidentiality agreements with us. 

Website 

Our
corporate website is www.fgfinancial.com. A copy of our Code of Ethics can be found in the Governance Documents section of our
website. Information contained at the website is not a part of this report. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks
Relating to Our Industry, Business and Operations 

We
have had limited operations upon which to predict our future performance, since the sale of our former insurance business. 

Since
we sold our former insurance business, at the end of 2019, we have transitioned to operate as a reinsurance, merchant banking and asset
management holding company, with allocation of capital to merchant banking activities. Accordingly, our historical financial statements
provide little basis upon which to predict our future performance. Our revenue has been reduced, as we have limited assets with which
to generate revenue. Our failure to secure additional sources of revenue may have a material impact on our results of operations and
financial condition. In addition, the uncertainty surrounding our future operations and business prospects may negatively impact the
value and liquidity of our stock. If we are unable to implement our business plans successfully, our financial condition and results
of operations will be impaired, and your investment in our Company will be at risk. 

We
intend to participate in a risk retention group which will provide director s and officer s insurance to special purpose
acquisition companies and represents a line of insurance for which we do not have previous experience. 

Risk
retention groups RRG are mutual companies, or companies owned by the members of the group that allow businesses with
similar insurance needs to pool their risks and form an insurance company that operates under state regulated guidelines. Risk retention
groups are treated differently from traditional insurance companies in that they are exempted from having to obtain a license in every
state in which they write insurance and are also exempt from other various state laws that regulate insurance. As a result, a RRG may
not be adequately capitalized and able to remain solvent if faced with continuing losses. While we intend to mitigate this risk through
the purchase of reinsurance, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to purchase adequate reinsurance on favorable terms. Due
to our inexperience in providing director s and officer s insurance, we run the risk of underwriting our coverage at levels
that do not provide adequate returns for our shareholders. Furthermore, we run the risk of not generating external interest in our RRG
after incurring significant start-up and regulatory costs associated with the formation of the group. 

We
do not have an operating history or established reputation in the reinsurance industry, and our lack of an established operating history
and reputation may make it difficult for us to attract or retain business. 

We
provide property and casualty reinsurance through FGRe. We do not have a prolonged operating history on which we can base an estimate
of our future earnings prospects. We also do not have an established reputation in the reinsurance industry. Reputation is a very important
factor in the reinsurance industry, and competition for business is, in part, based on reputation. Although we expect that our reinsurance
policies will be fully collateralized, we are a relatively newly formed reinsurance company and do not yet have a well-established reputation
in the industry. Our lack of an established reputation may make it difficult for us to attract or retain business. We will compete with
major reinsurers, all of which have substantially greater financial marketing and management resources than we do, which may make it
difficult for us to effectively market our products or offer our products at a profit. In addition, we do not have or currently intend
to obtain financial strength ratings, which may discourage certain counterparties from entering into reinsurance contracts with us. 

5 

As
a reinsurer, we will depend on our cedents evaluations of the risks associated with their insurance underwriting, which may subject
us to reinsurance losses. 

In
the proportional reinsurance business, in which we will assume an agreed percentage of each underlying insurance contract being reinsured,
or quota-share contracts, we do not plan to separately evaluate each of the original individual risks assumed under these reinsurance
contracts. We will therefore be largely dependent on the original underwriting decisions made by ceding companies, which will subject
us to the risk that the cedents may not have adequately evaluated the insured risks and that the premiums ceded may not adequately compensate
us for the risks we assume. We also do not plan to separately evaluate each of the individual claims made on the underlying insurance
contracts under quota-share arrangements, in which case we will be dependent on the original claims decisions made by our cedents. 

The
involvement of reinsurance brokers may subject us to their credit risk. 

As
a standard practice of the reinsurance industry, reinsurers frequently pay amounts owed on claims under their policies to reinsurance
brokers, and these brokers, in turn, remit these amounts to the ceding companies that have reinsured a portion of their liabilities with
the reinsurer. In some jurisdictions, if a broker fails to make such a payment, the reinsurer might remain liable to the cedent for the
deficiency notwithstanding the broker s obligation to make such payment. Conversely, in certain jurisdictions, when the cedent
pays premiums for policies to reinsurance brokers for payment to the reinsurer, these premiums are considered to have been paid and the
cedent will no longer be liable to the reinsurer for these premiums, whether or not the reinsurer has actually received them from the
broker. Consequently, as a reinsurer, we expect to assume a degree of credit risk associated with the brokers that we intend to do business
with. 

We
may not be successful in carrying out our asset management strategy, and the fair value of our investments will be subject to a loss
in value. 

Through
our SPAC sponsorships, we may be subject to lock-up agreements, and our ability to access the capital used to sponsor SPACs may be limited
for a defined period, which may increase a risk of loss of all or a significant portion of value. Our investments may also become concentrated.
A significant decline in the values of these investments may produce a large decrease in our consolidated shareholders equity
and can have a material adverse effect on our consolidated book value per share and earnings. 

The
insurance and reinsurance businesses are highly competitive, and we may not be able to compete successfully in those industries. 

The
reinsurance business, in which we participate, and the insurance business that we plan to enter are highly competitive. We compete and
will compete with major U.S. and non-U.S. reinsurers and insurers, many of which have greater financial, marketing and management resources
than we do. There has been significant consolidation in the insurance and reinsurance sector in recent years, and we may experience increased
competition as a result of that consolidation, with consolidated entities having enhanced market power. These consolidated entities may
use their enhanced market power and broader capital base to negotiate price reductions for products and services that compete with ours,
and we may experience rate declines and possibly write less business. Any failure by us to effectively compete could adversely affect
our financial condition and results of operations. 

The
insurance and reinsurance industries are highly cyclical, and we may at times experience periods characterized by excess underwriting
capacity and unfavorable premium rates. 

Historically,
insurers and reinsurers have experienced significant fluctuations in operating results due to competition, frequency of occurrence or
severity of catastrophic events, levels of capacity, general economic conditions, changes in equity, debt and other investment markets,
changes in legislation, case law and prevailing concepts of liability, and other factors. Demand for reinsurance is influenced significantly
by the underwriting results of primary insurers and prevailing general economic conditions. The supply of insurance and reinsurance is
related to prevailing prices and levels of surplus capacity that, in turn, may fluctuate in response to changes in rates of return on
both underwriting and investment sides. As a result, the insurance and reinsurance businesses historically have been cyclical, characterized
by periods of intense price competition, due to excessive underwriting capacity, as well as periods when shortages of capacity permitted
favorable premium levels and changes in terms and conditions. Until recently, the supply of insurance and reinsurance had increased over
the past several years, and may again in the future, either as a result of capital provided by new entrants or by the commitment of additional
capital by existing insurers or reinsurers. Continued increases in the supply of insurance and reinsurance may have consequences for
us, including fewer contracts written, lower premium rates, increased expenses for customer acquisition and retention, and less favorable
policy terms and conditions. 

6 

Climate
change, as well as increasing regulation in the area of climate change, may adversely affect our insurance and reinsurance business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Changing
weather patterns and climatic conditions, such as global warming, may have added to the unpredictability and frequency of natural disasters
in certain parts of the world and created additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. Although the loss experience of catastrophe
insurers and reinsurers has historically been characterized as low frequency, there is a growing concern today that climate change increases
the frequency and severity of extreme weather events, and, in recent years, the frequency of major catastrophes appears to have resumed
historical levels or increased and may continue to increase in the future. 

Claims
for catastrophic events, or an unusual frequency of smaller losses in a particular period, could expose us to large losses, cause substantial
volatility in our results of operations and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to write new business if we are not able
to adequately assess and reserve for the increased frequency and severity of catastrophes resulting from these environmental factors.
Additionally, catastrophic events could result in declines in the value of investments we hold and significant disruptions to our physical
infrastructure, systems, and operations. Climate change-related risks may also specifically adversely impact the value of the securities
that we hold. 

Changes
in security asset prices may impact the value of our investments, resulting in realized or unrealized losses on our invested assets.
These risks are not limited to but can include: (i) changes in supply/demand characteristics for fossil fuels (e.g., coal, oil, natural
gas); (ii) advances in low-carbon technology and renewable energy development; and (iii) effects of extreme weather events on the physical
and operational exposure of industries and issuers, and the transition that these companies make towards addressing climate risk in their
own businesses. 

We
cannot predict how legal, regulatory and/or social responses to concerns around global climate change may impact our business. There
can be no assurance that our reinsurance coverage and other measures taken will be sufficient to mitigate losses resulting from one or
more catastrophic events. As a result, the occurrence of one or more catastrophic events and the continuation and worsening of recent
trends could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We
are also subject to complex and changing laws, regulation and public policy debates relating to climate change which are difficult to
predict and quantify and may have an adverse impact on our business. Changes in regulations relating to climate change or our own leadership
decisions implemented as a result of assessing the impact of climate change on our business may result in an increase in the cost of
doing business or a decrease in premiums in certain lines of business. 

Underwriting
risks and reserving for losses are based on probabilities and related modeling, which are subject to inherent uncertainties. 

Our
success is dependent upon our ability to assess accurately the risks associated with the businesses that we insure and reinsure. We establish
reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses which represent estimates based on actuarial and statistical projections, at a given
point in time, of our and our cedent s expectations of the ultimate future settlement and administration costs of losses incurred.
We utilize actuarial models as well as available historical insurance industry loss ratio experience and loss development patterns to
assist in the establishment of loss reserves. Most or all of these factors are not directly quantifiable, particularly on a prospective
basis, and the effects of these and unforeseen factors could negatively impact our ability to accurately assess the risks of the policies
that we write. Changes in the assumptions used by these models or by management could lead to an increase in our estimate of ultimate
losses in the future. In addition, there may be significant reporting lags between the occurrence of the insured event and the time it
is reported to the insurer and additional lags between the time of reporting and final settlement of claims. In addition, the estimation
of loss reserves is more difficult during times of adverse economic and market conditions due to unexpected changes in behavior of claimants
and policyholders, including an increase in fraudulent reporting of exposures and/or losses, reduced maintenance of insured properties
or increased frequency of small claims. Changes in the level of inflation also result in an increased level of uncertainty in our estimation
of loss reserves. As a result, actual losses and loss adjustment expenses paid can deviate, perhaps substantially, from the reserve estimates
reflected in our financial statements. 

7 

If
our loss reserves are determined to be inadequate, we will be required to increase loss reserves at the time of such determination with
a corresponding reduction in our net income in the period when the deficiency becomes known. It is possible that claims in respect of
events that have occurred could exceed our claim reserves and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, in a particular
period, or our financial condition in general. As a compounding factor, although most insurance contracts have policy limits, the nature
of property and casualty insurance and reinsurance is such that losses and the associated expenses can exceed policy limits for a variety
of reasons and could significantly exceed the premiums received on the underlying policies, thereby further adversely affecting our financial
condition. 

Our
results of operations will fluctuate from period to period and may not be indicative of our long-term prospects. 

We
anticipate that the performance of our reinsurance operations and our investment portfolio will fluctuate from period to period. In addition,
because we plan to underwrite products and make investments to achieve favorable return on equity over the long-term, our short-term
results of operations may not be indicative of our long-term prospects. Our results of operations may also be adversely impacted by general
economic conditions and the conditions and outlook of the reinsurance markets and capital markets. 

Changes
in the value of the investments we directly own, or indirectly own through our ownership of equity method investees, could
materially affect our income and increase the volatility of our earnings. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our consolidated balance sheet includes approximately 20.1 million related to investments held directly or
indirectly in FG New America Acquisition Corp., Aldel Financial Inc., FG Merger Corp., and FG Acquisition Corp., all of which were
originally launched as special purpose acquisition companies. FG New America Acquisition Corp. completed its business combination in
July 2021 and now operates as OppFi, Inc. (NYSE: OPFI). Our investment consists of approximately 860,000 common shares of OPFI as
well as approximately 358,000 warrants to purchase common shares of OPFI at a price of 11.50 per share. Aldel Financial Inc.
completed its business combination in December 2021 and now operates as Hagerty, Inc. (NYSE: HGTY). Our investment consists of
approximately 231,000 common shares of HGTY as well as approximately 299,000 warrants to purchase common shares of HGTY at a price
of 15.00 per share. 

As
of December 31, 2022, FG Merger Corp. and FG Acquisition Corp. had not yet entered into a definitive business combination agreement.
On January 5, 2023, FG Merger Corp. entered into a Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization with iCoreConnect Inc. Our investment
in FG Merger Corp. consists of approximately 820,000 shares of FG Merger s common stock, approximately 989,000 warrants with an
 11.50 exercise price and 5-year expiration, and approximately 85,000 warrants with a 15.00 exercise price and 10-year expiration. Our
investment in FG Acquisition Corp. consists of approximately 819,000 shares of FG Acquisition s common stock, approximately 1,400,000
warrants with an 11.50 exercise price and 5-year expiration (the FGAC Warrants ), approximately 440,000 warrants with a
 15 exercise price and 10-year expiration, and either (i) up to approximately an additional 1,600,000 FGAC Warrants, or (ii) up to approximately
 2 million in cash, or (iii) a pro-rata combination of such FGAC Warrants and cash, based on certain adjustment provisions and the level
of redemptions of FG Acquisition s publicly traded warrants at the time of a business combination. 

The
change in value of any of the investments noted above could significantly impact our reported results and shareholders equity. 

8 

Adverse
developments in the financial markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and our businesses,
and may also limit our access to capital. 

Adverse
developments in the financial markets, such as disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets, may result in
realized and unrealized capital losses that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and
our businesses, and may also limit our access to capital required to operate our business. Depending on market conditions, we could incur
additional realized and unrealized losses on our investment portfolio in future periods, which could have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations, financial condition and business. Economic conditions could also have a material impact on the frequency and
severity of claims and therefore could negatively impact our underwriting returns. The volatility in the financial markets could continue
to significantly affect our investment returns, reported results, and shareholders equity. 

The
capital requirements of our businesses depend on many factors, including regulatory requirements, the performance of our investment portfolio,
our ability to write new business successfully, the frequency and severity of catastrophe events and our ability to establish premium
rates and reserves at levels sufficient to cover losses. 

Our
investments in special purpose acquisition companies as well as the sponsors of special purpose acquisition companies involve a high
degree of risk. 

We
have invested in initial public offerings IPOs of special purpose acquisition companies, including SPACs that are sponsored
by our affiliates. In general, a SPAC is a special purpose vehicle that is formed to raise capital from the public through an IPO with
the purpose, usually, of using the proceeds to acquire a single unspecified business or assets to be identified after the IPO. The IPO
proceeds are held in a trust account until released to fund a business combination or used to redeem shares sold in the IPO. SPACs are
required to either consummate a business combination or liquidate within a set period of time following their IPO. Because, at the time
of the IPO, the SPAC has no operating history or any plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective investment targets, we
will have no basis upon which to evaluate the SPAC s ability to achieve its business objectives. If a SPAC fails to complete its
initial business transaction within the required time period, it will never generate any operating revenues and our SPAC investment may
receive only a fixed dollar amount per share upon redemption, or less than such fixed amount in certain circumstances which could significantly
affect our operating results and shareholders equity. 

Additionally,
as of December 31, 2022, we have invested approximately 6.0 million to acquire equity interests in various sponsors of SPACs Sponsor and expect to acquire additional interests in sponsors of SPACs in the future. By investing in a Sponsor, we have provided at-risk capital
which allows the Sponsor to launch the IPO of the SPAC. In exchange for this investment, we own interests in the Sponsor that entitle
us to receive distributions of shares and warrants in the SPAC after the lock-up period following the SPACs IPO has expired or any other
applicable conditions. These Sponsor interests do not have redemption rights to receive any portion of our original investment back from
the trust account of the SPAC, as is normally associated with an IPO investment directly into a SPAC. Accordingly, an investment in a
Sponsor is subject to a much higher degree of risk than an investment directly in a SPAC s IPO because the entire investment may
be lost if the SPAC is not successful in consummating a business combination. Such potential loss could have a material effect on our
financial results and shareholders equity. 

As
the number of SPACs evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become more scarce, and there may be increased competition for
attractive targets. This could increase the cost of an initial business combination and it could even result in an inability to find
a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
recent years, the number of SPACs that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition
companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many SPACs preparing for an initial public offering,
as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate
an initial business combination. 

In
addition, because there are more SPACs seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition
for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved
financial terms. Attractive deals could also become more scarce for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical
tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination.
Together, this could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate the ability of a SPAC to find and consummate an
initial business combination, and may result in an inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to investors
altogether. 

9 

Furthermore,
the strength of the market for SPAC IPOs has fluctuated substantially from year to year and has experienced cycles of relative strength
and weakness. There can be no assurance that the SPAC market will be strong in the future. 

Risks
Relating to Sale of our Former Insurance Business 

We
are subject to non-competition and non-solicitation covenants under the Asset Sale agreement, which may limit our operations in certain
respects. 

We
are subject to the non-competition and non-solicitation covenants in the Asset Sale agreement, until December 2, 2024. During this period
of time, subject to certain exceptions, we will generally be prohibited from (i) marketing, selling and issuing residential property
and casualty insurance policies to residential consumers anywhere in the States of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, South Carolina
and Texas (a Restricted Business ), and owning the equity securities of, managing, operating or controlling any person that
engages in a Restricted Business, (ii) hiring or soliciting certain FedNat employees, and (iii) soliciting or accepting business from
certain third parties in connection with a Restricted Business. The non-competition covenant does not apply to our reinsurance business,
and we will be permitted to enter into reinsurance contracts in the States of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, South Carolina and
Texas. 

Legal
and Regulatory Risks 

Our
failure to obtain or maintain approval of insurance regulators and other regulatory authorities as required for the operations of our
reinsurance subsidiary may have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

FGRe
has a Class B (iii) insurer license in accordance with the terms of The Insurance Law, 2010 and is subject to regulation by the Cayman
Islands Monetary Authority. Failure to comply with the laws, regulations and requirements applicable to a Cayman Islands-domiciled reinsurance
subsidiary could result in consequences which may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our future
business plans may also require advance approval of our insurance operations. Failure to receive or maintain the licenses necessary to
execute on our strategy or receive necessary approvals may have a material adverse effect on our future business. 

We
will be subject to the risk of becoming an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

We
will be subject to the risk of inadvertently becoming an investment company, which would require us to register under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Registered investment companies are subject to extensive,
restrictive and potentially adverse regulations relating to, among other things, operating methods, management, capital structure, dividends
and transactions with affiliates. Registered investment companies are not permitted to operate their business in the manner in which
we currently operate and plan to operate our business in the future. 

We
plan to monitor the value of our investments and structure our operations and transactions to qualify for exemptions under the Investment
Company Act. Accordingly, we may structure transactions in manners less advantageous than if we did not have Investment Company Act concerns,
or we may avoid otherwise economically desirable transactions due to those concerns. In addition, adverse developments with respect to
our ownership of our operating subsidiaries, including significant appreciation or depreciation in the market value of certain of our
publicly traded holdings, could result in our inadvertently becoming an investment company. If it were established that we were an investment
company, there would be a risk, among other material adverse consequences, that we could become subject to monetary penalties or injunctive
relief, or both, in an action brought by the SEC, that we would be unable to enforce contracts with third parties, or that third parties
could seek to obtain rescission of transactions with us undertaken during the period it was established that we were an unregistered
investment company. 

10 

We
have a limited operating history as a publicly traded company. Our inexperience as a public company and the requirements of being a public
company may strain our resources, divert management s attention, affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members
and have a material adverse effect on us and our stockholders. 

We
have a limited operating history as a publicly traded company. As a publicly traded company, we are required to develop and implement
substantial control systems, policies and procedures to satisfy our periodic SEC reporting and Nasdaq obligations. Management s
previous experience may not be sufficient to successfully develop and implement these systems, policies and procedures and to operate
our Company. Failure to do so could jeopardize our status as a public company, and the loss of such status may have a material adverse
effect on us and our stockholders. 

In
addition, as a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank
Act, and Nasdaq rules, including those promulgated in response to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The requirements of these rules and regulations
increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand
on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with
respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure
controls and procedures and internal controls for financial reporting. To maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures, we need to continually commit significant resources, maintain staff and provide additional management oversight. In addition,
implementing our business strategy and sustaining our growth will require us to commit additional management, operational and financial
resources to identify new professionals to join our organization and to maintain appropriate operational and financial systems to adequately
support expansion. These activities may divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

As
a public company, we incur significant annual expenses related to these steps associated with, among other things, director fees, reporting
requirements, transfer agent fees, accounting, administrative personnel, auditing and legal fees and similar expenses. We also incur
higher costs for director and officer liability insurance and other insurance coverages. Any of these factors make it more difficult
for us to attract and retain qualified members of our Board of Directors. Finally, we expect to incur additional costs once we lose smaller
reporting company status or are required to provide an auditor attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting. 

If
we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of integrated internal controls, we may not be able to report our financial results
accurately, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Ensuring
that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place so that we can produce accurate financial statements
on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that we will need to evaluate frequently. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
requires public companies to conduct an annual review and evaluation of their internal controls and attestations of the effectiveness
of internal controls by independent auditors. We currently qualify as a smaller reporting company under the regulations of the SEC. As
a smaller reporting company, we are exempt from the requirement to include the auditor s report of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting until such time as we no longer qualify as a smaller reporting company, based on our public float and
reporting more than 100 million in annual revenues in a fiscal year. Regardless of our qualification status, we have implemented control
systems and procedures to satisfy the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act and applicable requirements of Nasdaq, among other
items. Maintaining these internal controls is costly and may divert management s attention. 

Our
evaluation of our internal controls over financial reporting may identify material weaknesses that may cause us to be unable to report
our financial information on a timely basis and thereby subject us to adverse regulatory consequences, including sanctions by the SEC,
or violations of Nasdaq s listing rules. There also could be a negative reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of investor
confidence in us and the reliability of our financial statements. Confidence in the reliability of our financial statements also could
suffer if we or our independent registered public accounting firm were to report a material weakness in our internal controls over financial
reporting. This may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could also lead
to a decline in the price of our common stock. 

11 

While
we currently qualify as a smaller reporting company under SEC regulations, we cannot be certain, if we take advantage of the reduced
disclosure requirements applicable to these companies, that we will not make our stock less attractive to investors. Once we lose smaller
reporting company status, the costs and demands placed upon our management are expected to increase. 

The
SEC s rules exempt smaller reporting companies, like us, from various reporting requirements applicable to public companies that
are not smaller reporting companies. So long as we qualify as a smaller reporting company, based on our public float, and report less
than 100 million in annual revenues in a fiscal year, we are permitted, and we intend, to omit the auditor s attestation on internal
control over financial reporting that would otherwise be required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

Until
such time that we lose smaller reporting company status, it is unclear if investors will find our stock less attractive because we may
rely on certain disclosure exemptions. If some investors find our stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading
market for the stock, and our stock price may be more volatile and could cause our stock price to decline. Even if we remain a smaller
reporting company, if our public float exceeds 75 million and we report 100 million or more in annual revenues in a fiscal year, we
will become subject to the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, requiring our independent registered public accounting
firm to provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, making the public reporting
process more costly. 

Holders
of our outstanding shares of 8.00 Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A, have dividend, liquidation and other rights that are senior
to the rights of holders of our common shares. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have issued and outstanding 894,580 shares of preferred stock designated as 8.00 Cumulative Preferred Stock,
Series A, par value 25.00 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ). The aggregate liquidation preference with respect
to the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock is approximately 22.4 million, and annual dividends on the outstanding shares
of Series A Preferred Stock are approximately 1.8 million. Holders of our Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as
and if declared by our Board of Directors cumulative cash dividends from and including the original issue date at the rate of 8.00 of
the 25.00 per share liquidation preference per annum (equivalent to 2.00 per annum per share). Upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up, before any payment is made to holders of our common shares, holders of these preferred shares are entitled
to receive, for each share held, an amount equal to the 25.00 liquidation preference and unpaid dividends. This would reduce the remaining
amount of our assets, if any, available to distribute to holders of our common shares. 

Our
Board of Directors has the authority to designate and issue additional preferred shares with liquidation, dividend and other rights that
are senior to those of our common shares, similar or senior to the rights of the holders of our Series A Preferred Stock. Because our
decision to issue additional securities will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate
the amount, timing or nature of any future offerings. Thus, our stockholders bear the risk that future securities issuances might dilute
their interests and reduce the market price of our stock. 

We
may fail to satisfy the continued listing standards of Nasdaq, in which case our stock might be delisted. 

Even
though we currently satisfy the continued listing standards for Nasdaq and expect to continue to do so, we can provide no assurance that
we will continue to satisfy the continued listing standards in the future. In the event that we are unable to satisfy the continued listing
standards of Nasdaq, our stock may be delisted from that market. Any delisting of our stock from Nasdaq could: 

adversely
 affect our ability to attract new investors; 

decrease
 the liquidity of our outstanding stock; 

reduce
 our flexibility to raise additional capital; 

reduce
 the price at which our stocks trade; and 

increase
 the transaction costs inherent in trading our stock, with overall negative effects for our stockholders. 

12 

In
addition, delisting our stock could deter broker-dealers from making a market in or otherwise seeking or generating interest in our stock
and might deter some institutions or others from investing in our securities at all. For these reasons and others, delisting could adversely
affect the price of our stock and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Technology
and Operational Risks 

Our
information technology systems may fail or suffer a loss of security which may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our
business is highly dependent upon the successful and uninterrupted functioning of our computer and data processing systems. Our operations
are dependent upon our ability to process our business timely and efficiently and protect our information systems from physical loss
or unauthorized access. In the event that our systems cannot be accessed due to a natural catastrophe, terrorist attack or power outage,
or systems and telecommunications failures or outages, external attacks such as computer viruses, malware or cyber-attacks, or other
disruptions occur, our ability to perform business operations on a timely basis could be significantly impaired and may cause our systems
to be inaccessible for an extended period of time. A sustained business interruption or system failure could adversely impact our ability
to perform necessary business operations in a timely manner, hurt our relationships with our business partners and customers and have
a material adverse effect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
operations also depend on the reliable and secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer
systems and networks. From time to time, we may experience threats to our data and systems, including malware and computer virus attacks,
unauthorized access, systems failures and disruptions. Computer viruses, hackers, phishing attacks, social engineering schemes, ransomware,
employee misconduct and other external hazards could expose our data systems to security breaches, cyber-attacks or other disruptions.
In addition, we routinely transmit and receive personal, confidential and proprietary information by electronic means. Our systems and
networks may be subject to breaches or interference. Any such event may result in operational disruptions as well as unauthorized access
to or the disclosure or loss of our proprietary information or our customers information or theft of funds and other monetary
loss, which in turn may result in legal claims, regulatory scrutiny and liability, damage to our reputation, the incurrence of costs
to eliminate or mitigate further exposure, the loss of customers or affiliated advisers or other damage to our business. 

Risks
Related to Our Significant Shareholder 

Fundamental
Global GP, LLC FG and its affiliated entity control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert substantial influence
on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

As
of December 31, 2022, FG and its affiliates own approximately 60.0 of our issued and outstanding common stock. Accordingly, they may
exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, including election of directors, potentially in a manner that
you do not support. D. Kyle Cerminara, Chairman of our Board of Directors, serves as Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder and Partner
of FG. Due to his position as a member of our Board of Directions as well as his positions at FG, he has considerable influence on actions
requiring a stockholder vote. 

Risks
Related to Human Capital 

We
may be unable to attract and retain key personnel and management, which could adversely impact our ability to successfully implement
and execute our business and growth strategy. 

The
successful implementation of our business and growth strategy depends in large part upon the ability and experience of members of our
management and other personnel. Our performance will be dependent on our ability to identify, hire, train, motivate and retain qualified
management and personnel with experience in the reinsurance industry, investment advisory services, and in real estate investments. We
may not be able to attract and retain such personnel on acceptable terms, or at all. If we lose the service of qualified management or
other personnel or are unable to attract and retain the necessary members of management or personnel, we may not be able to successfully
execute on our business strategy, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 

13 

Some
of our directors and executive officers also serve as directors and/or executive officers for other public companies or for our controlling
stockholders or their affiliates, which may lead to conflicting interests. 

Our
Chairman, D. Kyle Cerminara, serves as an executive officer of FG and its affiliated entity, which together, as of December 31, 2022,
beneficially owned approximately 60.0 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Additionally, Mr. Cerminara also currently serves as
Director of FG Group Holdings, Inc. (NYSE American: FGH) (formerly Ballantyne Strong, Inc.) and BK Technologies Corporation (NYSE American:
BKTI). Mr. Cerminara is also the Chairman of FG Acquisition Corp (TSX:FGAA.U). One of our directors serves as an executive officer and
director of Atlas Financial Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: AFH) Atlas ), a commercial automobile managing general agency. Our
chief executive officer and director, Mr. Swets, serves as director of GreenFirst Forest Products Inc. (TSXV: FGP), Harbor Custom Development,
Inc. (Nasdaq: HCDI), FG Group Holdings, Inc (NYSE American: FGH), FG Merger Corp (Nasdaq: FGMC) and FG Acquisition Corp. (TSX: FGAA.U).
He also serves as Chief Executive Officer and Director of FG Acquisition Corp. (TSX: FGAA.U). Our Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer, Hassan R. Baqar, also serves as Director and Chief Financial Officer of FG Acquisition Corp. (TSX: FGAA.U) and Director
of FG Merger Corp. (Nasdaq: FGMC). 

Our
executive officers and members of our Company s Board of Directors have fiduciary duties to our stockholders; likewise, persons
who serve in similar capacities at the public companies have fiduciary duties to those companies investors. There may be potential
conflicts of interest if our Company and one or more of these other companies pursue acquisitions, investments and other business opportunities
that may be suitable for each of us. Our directors who find themselves in these multiple roles may, as a result, have conflicts of interest
or the appearance of conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or affecting more than one of the companies to which they
owe fiduciary duties. Furthermore, our directors who find themselves in these multiple roles own stock options, shares of common stock
and other securities in some of these entities. These ownership interests could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest
when the applicable individuals are faced with decisions that could have different implications for our Company and these other entities.
From time to time, we may enter into transactions with or participate jointly in investments with those other entities or their affiliates.
We may create new situations in the future in which our directors serve as directors or executive officers in future investment holdings
of such entities. 

Our
executive officers and directors will allocate their time to our and other businesses in which they are involved, at their discretion,
potentially to the detriment of the Company. 

Our
executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in conflicts
of interest in allocating their time between our operations and those other businesses in which they are involved. Our chief executive
officer is engaged in other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are
not obligated to contribute any specific amount of time to our affairs. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other
entities. If our executive officers and directors elect to devote substantial amounts of time to the affairs of other businesses,
in excess of current levels, they might not assign sufficient attention to the Company, potentially impairing our results of operations,
financial condition, and prospects and the value of our securities. 

Members
of our management and companies with which they are affiliated in the past have been, and may in the future be, involved in civil disputes
and litigation and governmental investigations relating to their business affairs unrelated to our company. Any such claims or investigations
may divert management s attention from our business or be detrimental to our reputation, resulting in adverse effects upon our
results of operations, financial condition, and prospects and the value of our securities held by investors. 

14 

General
Risk Factors 

Unfavorable
global economic conditions, including as a result of health and safety concerns, could adversely affect our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

Our
results of operations and the implementation of our new business strategy could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global
economy, including conditions that are outside of our control, such as the impact of health and safety concerns from the COVID-19 coronavirus
pandemic, which resulted in volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets. A severe or prolonged economic downturn could
result in a variety of risks to our business and could delay the implementation of our new business strategy. 

In
the event of a major disruption caused by the pandemic, we may lose the services of our employees, experience system interruptions or
face challenges accessing the capital or credit markets, which could lead to diminishment of our business operations. Any of the foregoing
could harm our business and delay the implementation of our business strategy. 

The
U.S. economy is being negatively impacted by historically significant inflation, a looming recession and disruptions in supply and the
workforce; recent global socioeconomic trends, including the war in Ukraine and U.S. relations with certain foreign powers including
China may have a further adverse effect on the U.S. economy and our businesses. 

The
U.S. and larger global economies are experiencing historically high inflation during 2022 and 2023. The Federal Reserve and other Central
Banks already have raised interest rates more aggressively and to their highest levels in the last four to five decades. As a result,
the prospect for a recession is high and considered by many to be likely. Some sources have declared that the U.S. already is in a recession.
Consumer prices, including basic costs of food, fuel, utilities, healthcare, mortgage and personal loan rates, and other non-discretionary
and discretionary consumer items are up by high single digits. Wages are up, however, increases in wages lag price inflation resulting
in a net decline in real personal incomes relative to consumer spending. Volatility continues to exist in the workforce making it more
difficult and costly for employers to recruit, hire and/or retain workers. U.S. unemployment remains relatively low, however the labor
utilization rate and ratio of workers to the total population also remain low. Shortages in the workforce are a significant factor in
supply shortages relative to demand and also help fuel inflation. On the global stage, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and escalation
of overtures by China over Taiwan and the South China Sea, also add instability to the uncertainty driving socioeconomic forces, which
in turn, impact the Company s and its subsidiaries operations. 

The
present conditions and state of our U.S. and global economies make it difficult to predict whether and/or when and to what extent a recession
has occurred or will occur in the near future. In the event of an occurring or worsening recession, as the case may be, in which the
U.S. economy contracts, our businesses could be negatively impacted. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
executive offices are located at 104 S Walnut, Unit 1A, Itasca, IL 60189. Our lease term expires in December 2025. Total minimum rent
over the next twelve months is expected to be 21,000. 

In
the opinion of the Company s management, our executive offices are suitable for our current business and are adequately maintained. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company was not a party to any legal proceedings and was not aware of any material claims or actions pending
or threatened against us. From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business.
Currently, it is not possible to predict legal outcomes and their impact on the future development of claims. Any such development will
be affected by future court decisions and interpretations. Because of these uncertainties, additional liabilities may arise for amounts
in excess of the Company s current reserves. 

15 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
for Registrant s Common Stock 

Our
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market tier of the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC under the symbol FGF. Our Series
A Preferred Stock is also traded on the Nasdaq Global Market tier of the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol FGFPP. 

Number
of Common Stockholders 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 9,410,473 shares of common stock outstanding, which were held by 13 stockholders of record, including Cede
 Co., which holds shares on behalf of the beneficial owners of the Company s common stock. Because brokers and other institutions
hold many of our shares on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record
holders. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock
in the foreseeable future. It is the present policy of our Board of Directors to retain earnings, if any, for use in developing and expanding
our business. In the future, our payment of dividends on our common stock will also depend on the amount of funds available, our financial
condition, capital requirements and such other factors as our Board of Directors may consider. 

Holders
of our Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive quarterly cash dividends at a rate of 8.00 per annum of the 25.00 per share
liquidation preference (equivalent to 2.00 per annum per share). We intend to declare regular quarterly dividends on the shares of Series
A Preferred Stock. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

See
Item 12. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

16 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You
should read the following discussion in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and information included
elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. You should review the Risk Factors section of this annual report for a discussion
of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking
statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis and
set forth elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Unless
context denotes otherwise, the terms Company, FGF, we, us, and our, 
refer to FG Financial Group, Inc., and its subsidiaries. 

Overview 

FG
Financial Group, Inc. FGF , the Company , we , or us is a reinsurance, merchant
banking and asset management holding company. We focus on opportunistic collateralized and loss-capped reinsurance, while allocating
capital in partnership with Fundamental Global , and from time to time, other strategic investors, to merchant banking
activities. The Company s principal business operations are conducted through its subsidiaries and affiliates. The Company also
provides asset management services. From our inception in October 2012 through December 2019, we operated as an insurance holding company,
writing property and casualty insurance throughout the states of Louisiana, Florida, and Texas. On December 2, 2019, we sold our three
former insurance subsidiaries, and embarked upon our current strategy focused on reinsurance, merchant banking and asset management. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Fundamental Global GP, LLC FG ), a private partnership focused on long-term strategic holdings, and
its affiliated entity collectively beneficially owned approximately 60.0 of our common stock. D. Kyle Cerminara, Chairman of our Board
of Directors, serves as Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder and Partner of FG. 

Sale
of Insurance Business 

On
December 2, 2019, we completed the sale Asset Sale of our insurance subsidiaries to FedNat Holding Company for a combination
of cash and FedNat common stock. The Company sold its remaining FedNat common stock shares held in October 2022. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

Critical
accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that involve a significant
level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results
of operations. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates. The business and economic uncertainty resulting from the coronavirus
(COVID-19) pandemic has made such estimates and assumptions difficult to calculate. Set forth below is qualitative and quantitative information
necessary to understand the estimation uncertainty and the impact the critical accounting estimate has had or is reasonably likely to
have on financial condition or results of operations, to the extent the information is material and reasonably available. 

Other
Investments 

Other
investments consist, in part, of equity investments made in privately held companies accounted for under the equity method. As discussed
further in Note 4, certain investments held by our equity method investees are valued using Monte-Carlo
simulation and option pricing models. Inherent in Monte-Carlo simulation and option pricing models are assumptions related to expected
volatility and discount for lack of marketability of the underlying investment. Our investees estimate the volatility of these investments
based on the historical performance of various broad market indices blended with various peer companies which they consider as having
similar characteristics to the underlying investment, as well as consideration of price and volatility of relevant publicly traded securities
such as SPAC warrants. Our investees also consider the probability of a successful merger when valuing SPAC equity. 

17 

Valuation
of Net Deferred Income Taxes 

The
provision for income taxes is calculated based on the expected tax treatment of transactions recorded in the Company s consolidated
financial statements. In determining its provision for income taxes, the Company interprets tax legislation in a variety of jurisdictions
and makes assumptions about the expected timing of the reversal of deferred income tax assets and liabilities and the valuation of net
deferred income taxes. 

The
ultimate realization of the deferred income tax asset balance is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods
in which the Company s temporary differences reverse and become deductible. A valuation allowance is established when it is more
likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred income tax asset balance will not be realized. In determining whether a valuation
allowance is needed, management considers all available positive and negative evidence affecting specific deferred income tax asset balances,
including the Company s past and anticipated future performance, the reversal of deferred income tax liabilities, and the availability
of tax planning strategies. To the extent a valuation allowance is established in a period, an expense must be recorded within the income
tax provision in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 

Premium
Revenue Recognition 

The
Company participates in reinsurance quota-share contracts and estimates the ultimate premiums for the contract period. These estimates
are based on information received from the ceding companies, whereby premiums are recorded as written in the same periods in which the
underlying insurance contracts are written and are based on cession statements from cedents. These statements are received quarterly
and in arrears, and thus, for any reporting lag, premiums written are estimated based on the portion of the ultimate estimated premiums
relating to the risks underwritten during the lag period. 

Premium
estimates are reviewed by management periodically. Such review includes a comparison of actual reported premiums to expected ultimate
premiums. Based on management s review, the appropriateness of the premium estimates is evaluated, and any adjustments to these
estimates are recorded in the period in which they are determined. Changes in premium estimates, including premiums receivable, are not
unusual and may result in significant adjustments in any period. A significant portion of amounts included in the caption Reinsurance
balances receivable in the Company s consolidated balance sheets represent estimated premiums written, net of commissions,
brokerage, and loss and loss adjustment expense, and are not currently due based on the terms of the underlying contracts. 

Premiums
written are generally recognized as earned over the contract period in proportion to the risk covered. Additional premiums due on a contract
that has no remaining coverage period are earned in full when written. Unearned premiums represent the unexpired portion of reinsurance
provided. 

Deferred
Policy Acquisition Costs 

Policy
acquisition costs are costs that vary with, and are directly related to, the successful production of new and renewal reinsurance business,
and consist principally of commissions, taxes, and brokerage expenses. If the sum of a contract s expected losses and loss expenses
and deferred acquisition costs exceeds associated unearned premiums and expected investment income, a premium deficiency is determined
to exist. In this event, deferred acquisition costs are written off to the extent necessary to eliminate the premium deficiency. If the
premium deficiency exceeds deferred acquisition costs, then a liability is accrued for the excess deficiency. There were no premium deficiency
adjustments recognized during the periods presented herein. 

Loss
and Loss Adjustment Expense Reserves 

Loss
and loss adjustment expense reserve estimates are based on estimates derived from reports received from ceding companies. These estimates
are periodically reviewed by the Company s management and adjusted as necessary. Since reserves are estimates, the final settlement
of losses may vary from the reserves established and any adjustments to the estimates, which may be material, are recorded in the period
they are determined. 

18 

Loss
estimates may also be based upon actuarial and statistical projections, an assessment of currently available data, predictions of
future developments, estimates of future trends and other factors. Significant assumptions used by the Company s management
and third-party actuarial specialists include loss development factor selections, initial expected loss ratio selections, and
weighting of methods used. The final settlement of losses may vary, perhaps materially, from the reserves recorded. All adjustments
to the estimates are recorded in the period in which they are determined. U.S. GAAP does not permit establishing loss reserves,
which include case reserves and IBNR loss reserves, until the occurrence of an event which may give rise to a claim. As a result,
only loss reserves applicable to losses incurred up to the reporting date are established, with no allowance for the establishment
of loss reserves to account for expected future loss events. 

Generally,
the Company obtains regular updates of premium and loss related information for the current and historical periods, which are utilized
to update the initial expected loss ratio. We also experience lag between (i) claims being reported by the underlying insured to the
Company s cedent and (ii) claims being reported by the Company s cedent to the Company. This lag may impact the Company s
loss reserve estimates. Cedent reports have pre-determined due dates (for example, thirty days after each month end). As a result, the
lag depends in part upon the terms of the specific contract. The timing of the reporting requirements is designed so that the Company
receives premium and loss information as soon as practicable once the cedent has closed its books. Accordingly, there should be a short
lag in such reporting. Additionally, most of the contracts that have the potential for large single event losses have provisions that
such loss notifications are provided to the Company immediately upon the occurrence of an event. 

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense 

The
Company uses the fair-value method of accounting for stock-based compensation awards granted. The Company has determined the fair value
of its outstanding stock options on their grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model along with multiple Monte Carlo simulations
to determine a derived service period as the options vest based upon meeting certain performance conditions. The Company determines the
fair value of restricted stock units RSUs on their grant date using the fair value of the Company s common stock
on the date the RSUs were issued (for those RSU which vest solely based upon the passage of time). The fair value of these awards is
recorded as compensation expense over the requisite service period, which is generally the expected period over which the awards will
vest, with a corresponding increase to additional paid-in capital. When the stock options are exercised, or correspondingly, when the
RSUs vest, the amount of proceeds together with the amount recorded in additional paid-in capital is recorded in shareholders 
equity. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Item 8, Note 3 Recently Adopted and Issued Accounting Standards in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion
of recent accounting pronouncements and their effect, if any, on the Company. 

Analysis
of Financial Condition 

As
of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 

Investments 

The
table below summarizes, by type, the Company s investments held at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

in thousands) 

As of December 31, 2022 
 Cost Basis 
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
 Carrying Amount 
 
 Hagerty common stock 
 889 
 
 48 
 841 
 
 Total investments 
 889 
 
 48 
 841 

As of December 31, 2021 
 Cost Basis 
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
 Carrying Amount 
 
 FedNat common stock 
 14,495 
 
 13,074 
 1,421 
 
 Total investments 
 14,495 
 
 13,074 
 1,421 

19 

Hagerty
Common Stock 

On
December 15, 2022, FG Merchant Partners, LP FGMP distributed 99,999 common shares of Hagerty to the Company, which it
now owns directly. On the date of distribution, the common shares had an aggregate fair value
of approximately 889,000. 

FedNat
Common Stock 

The
Company sold its remaining FedNat common stock shares held in October 2022. 

Deconsolidation
of Subsidiary 

At
the time of the Company s initial investment into FG Special Situations Fund, LP Fund ), in September 2020, the Company
had determined that its investment represented an investment in a variable interest entity VIE ), in which the Company
was the primary beneficiary, and, as such, had consolidated the financial results of the Fund through November 30, 2021. At each reporting
date, the Company evaluates whether it remains the primary beneficiary and continuously reconsiders that conclusion. On December 1, 2021,
the Company s investment became that of a limited partner, and it no longer had the power to govern the financial and operating
policies of the Fund and accordingly derecognized the related assets, liabilities, and noncontrolling interests of the Fund as of that
date. The Company did not receive any consideration in the deconsolidation of the Fund, nor did it record any gain, or loss upon deconsolidation.
The assets and liabilities of the Fund, over which the Company lost control are as follows: 

As of December 1, 2021 (in thousands) 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 100 
 
 Investments in private placements 
 15,734 
 
 Investments in public SPACs 
 22 
 
 Other assets 
 18 
 
 Other liabilities 
 (34 
 
 Net assets deconsolidated 
 15,840 

While
the Company s investments in the Fund are no longer consolidated, the Company has retained its interest in all of the investments
held at the Fund. Accordingly, the Company has not presented its investment in the Fund as a discontinued operation. Effective December
1, 2021, the Company began accounting for its investment in the Fund under the equity method of accounting. 

Equity
Method Investments 

Other
investments on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets consists of equity method investments, which as of December 31, 2022,
includes our investment in FGMP and the Fund. 

On
January 4, 2021, FGMP was formed as a Delaware limited partnership to co-sponsor newly formed SPACs with their founders or partners,
as well as other merchant banking interests. The Company is the sole managing member of the general partner of FGMP and holds a limited
partner interest in FGMP directly and through its subsidiaries. FGMP participates as a co-sponsor of the SPACs launched under our SPAC
Platform as well as merchant banking initiatives. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company has contributed 0.1 million
into FGMP, and has received distributions in the approximate amount of 2.2 million. The Company has recorded equity method gains from
FGMP of approximately 4.0 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The carrying value of our investment in FGMP as of
December 31, 2022, was approximately 5.7 million, compared to 3.8 million as of December 31, 2021. Of the 5.7 million carrying value
of our investment in FGMP at December 31, 2022, the Company may allocate up to approximately 1.0 million to incentivize and compensate
individuals and entities for the successful merger of SPAC s launched under our platform. 

Equity
method investments also include our investment in the Fund as of December 31, 2022. Until December 1, 2021, we had consolidated the Fund
as a variable interest entity, however, effective December 1, 2021, we began accounting for this investment under the equity method of
accounting. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company has contributed 6.7 million into the Fund, and has received cash
distributions in the approximate amount of 3.2 million. The Company has recorded equity method gains from the Fund of approximately
 3.6 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of our investment in the Fund
was approximately 16.8 million, compared to 9.7 million as of December 31, 2021. 

20 

Certain
investments held by our equity method investees are valued using Monte-Carlo simulation and option pricing models. Inherent in Monte-Carlo
simulation and option pricing models are assumptions related to expected volatility and discount for lack of marketability of the underlying
investment. Our investees estimate the volatility of these investments based on the historical performance of various broad market indices
blended with various peer companies which they consider as having similar characteristics to the underlying investment, as well as consideration
of price and volatility of relevant publicly traded securities such as SPAC warrants. Our investees also consider the probability of
a successful merger when valuing SPAC equity. 

Investments
without Readily Determinable Fair Value 

In
addition to our equity method investments, other investments, as listed on our balance sheet, consist of equity we have purchased in
companies for which there do not exist readily determinable fair values. This includes the Company s
 2.0 million direct investment in FGC. The Company accounts for these investments at their cost, subject
to any adjustment from time to time due to impairment or observable price changes in orderly transactions. Any profit distributions the
Company receives on these investments are included in net investment income. The Company s total investment in companies without
a readily determinable fair value was approximately 2.3 million and 0.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company has received distributions of 230,000 and 101,000 on these investments, respectively. 

Funds
Deposited with Reinsured Companies 

Funds
Deposited with Reinsured Companies on the Company s consolidated balance sheets includes amounts held by cedents provided
to support our reinsurance contracts. On November 12, 2020, Fundamental Global Reinsurance Ltd. FGRe ), our Cayman Islands
based reinsurance subsidiary, initially funded a trust account at Lloyd s with approximately 2.4 million cash, to collateralize
its obligations under a quota-share agreement with a Funds at Lloyd syndicate. The initial contract covered our quota share percentage
of all risks written by the syndicate for the 2021 calendar year. On November 30, 2021, we entered into an agreement with the same syndicate,
slightly increasing our quota-share percentage of the risks the syndicate writes for the 2022 calendar year. This resulted in FGRe s
depositing additional collateral of approximately 1.0 million into the account. In June 2022, FGRe received approximately 0.4 million
in a partial return of initial collateral. In December 2022, we entered into another agreement with the syndicate, slightly increasing
our quota-share percentage of the risks the syndicate writes for the 2023 calendar year. This resulted in FGRe depositing additional
collateral of approximately 2.4 million in cash to the account. 

During
2021, we also deposited cash collateral in the approximate amount of 1.0 million, to support our automotive insurance quota-share agreement
entered on April 1, 2021. We entered into an additional agreement with the same automotive insurance company on April 1, 2022, and in
the third quarter of 2022, we deposited additional collateral of approximately 0.2 million. 

In
the third quarter of 2022, FGRe deposited cash collateral of approximately 1.1 million and deposited approximately 1.4 million in premiums
received from the cedent, to support the homeowners property catastrophe excess of loss reinsurance contract that became effective
April 1, 2022. The cash is held in a segregated account until such time that the Company s liability for losses ascribed have been
commuted, or all losses have been closed or settled for this contract. The named tropical storm season started on June 1, 2022 and ended
on November 30, 2022. 

During
2022, the Company also deposited collateral of approximately 0.1 million to support the startup homeowners insurance quota-share agreement,
and deposited additional collateral of approximately 0.1 million to support the specialty insurance company that provides hired and
non-owned automotive insurance quota share-agreement. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the total cash collateral on deposit to support all our reinsurance treaties was approximately
 9.3 million and 4.4 million, respectively. 

21 

In
January 2023, the losses ascribed were commuted for the homeowners property catastrophe excess of loss reinsurance contract that
became effective April 1, 2022. This resulted in 2.5 million of collateral being returned to the Company. 

Current
Income Taxes Recoverable 

Current
income taxes recoverable were 0 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, representing the estimate of both the Company s
state and federal income taxes receivable as of each date. In the third quarter of 2021, we received a refund on our federal taxes in
the amount of approximately 1.5 million associated with a carryback refund request filed for our 2018, 2017 and 2014 tax years. 

Reinsurance
Balances Receivable 

Reinsurance
balances receivable were 9.3 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to 3.9 million as of December 31, 2021, representing net amounts
due to the Company under our quota-share agreements. As the Company estimates the ultimate premiums, loss expenses and other costs associated
with some of these contracts, based on information received by us from the ceding companies, a significant portion of this balance is
based on estimates and, ultimately, may not be collected by the Company. 

Net
Deferred Taxes 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes, as compared to the amounts used for income tax purposes. The Company s gross deferred tax assets and liabilities are
 9.1 million and 3.6 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance against its deferred
tax assets of 5.5 million, as of December 31, 2022, due to the uncertain nature surrounding our ability to realize these tax benefits
in the future. Significant components of the Company s net deferred taxes are as follows: 

in thousands) 
 As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Deferred income tax assets: 

Net operating loss carryforward 
 4,171 
 3,010 
 
 Loss and loss adjustment expense reserve 
 39 
 25 
 
 Unearned premium reserves 
 287 
 152 
 
 Capital loss carryforward 
 4,313 
 1,114 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 242 
 253 
 
 Investments 
 5 
 1,692 
 
 Other 
 9 
 3 
 
 Deferred income tax assets 
 9,066 
 6,249 
 
 Less: Valuation allowance 
 (5,463 
 (5,715 
 
 Deferred income tax assets net of valuation allowance 
 3,603 
 534 

Deferred income tax liabilities: 

Investments 
 3,282 
 369 
 
 Deferred policy acquisition costs 
 321 
 165 
 
 Deferred income tax liabilities 
 3,603 
 534 

Net deferred income tax asset (liability) 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards NOLs for federal income tax purposes of approximately
 19.9 million, which will be available to offset future taxable income. Approximately 0.5 million will expire on December 31, 2039,
 0.2 million will expire on December 31, 2040, and 1.6 million of the Company s NOLs will expire on December 31, 2041. The remaining
 17.6 million of the Company s NOLs do not expire under current tax law. Additionally, the Company has approximately 20.5 million
of capital loss carryforward that can only be used to offset capital gains, and which will expire in December 2026 if not used prior. 

22 

Loss
and Loss Adjustment Expense Reserves 

A
significant degree of judgment is required to determine amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements for the provision for
loss and loss adjustment expense LAE reserves. The process for establishing this provision reflects the uncertainties
and significant judgmental factors inherent in predicting future results of both known and unknown loss events. The process of establishing
the provision for loss and LAE reserves relies on the judgment and opinions of many individuals, including the opinions of the Company s
management, Company s outside actuaries, as well as the management of ceding companies and their actuaries. 

In
estimating losses, the Company may assess any of the following: 

a
 review of in-force treaties that may provide coverage and incur losses; 

general
 forecasts, catastrophe and scenario modelling analyses and results shared by cedents; 

reviews
 of industry insured loss estimates and market share analyses; and 

management s
 judgment. 

Assumptions
which served as the basis for the Company s estimates of reserves for the COVID-19 pandemic losses and LAE include: 

Loss development factor selections, initial expected loss ratio selections,
and weighting of methods used; 

the
 scope of coverage provided by the underlying policies, particularly those that provide for business interruption coverage; 

the
 regulatory, legislative, and judicial actions that could influence contract interpretations across the insurance industry; 

the
 extent of economic contraction caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and associated actions; and 

the
 ability of the cedents and insured to mitigate some or all of their losses. 

Under
the terms of certain of our quota-share agreements, and due to the nature of claims and premium reporting, a lag exists between (i) claims
being reported by the underlying insured to the Company s cedent and (ii) claims being reported by the Company s cedent to
the Company. This lag may impact the Company s loss and LAE reserve estimates. The reports we receive from our cedents have pre-determined
due dates. In the case of the Company s FAL contract, fourth quarter 2022 premium and loss information was not made available to
the Company in a manner that allowed for the timely filing of this annual report. Thus, our fourth quarter results, including the loss
and LAE reserves presented herein, have been based upon a combination of first, second, and third quarter actual results as well as full-year
forecasts reported to us by the ceding companies, which we used to approximate fourth quarter results. The Company obtains regular updates
of premium and loss related information for the current and historical periods, which we use to update the initial expected loss ratios
on our reinsurance contracts. 

While
the Company believes its estimate of loss and LAE reserves are adequate as of December 31, 2022, based on available information, actual
losses may ultimately differ materially from the Company s current estimates. The Company will continue to monitor the appropriateness
of its assumptions as new information is provided. 

23 

A
summary of changes in outstanding loss and LAE reserves for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, is as follows: 

(in thousands) 
 Twelve months ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Balance, beginning of period 
 2,133 

Incurred related to: 

Current year 
 6,628 
 4,338 
 
 Prior year 
 856 

Paid related to: 

Current year 
 (3,822 
 (2,205 
 
 Prior years 
 (1,386 

Balance, December 31 
 4,409 
 2,133 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

Shareholders 
Equity 

8.00 
Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A 

On
May 21, 2021, we completed the underwritten public offering of an additional 194,580 shares of our preferred stock designated as 8.00 
Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A, par value 25.00 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ), for net proceeds of approximately
 4.2 million. As of December 31, 2022, the total number of Series A Preferred Stock shares outstanding was 894,580. 

Dividends
on the Series A Preferred Stock are cumulative from the date of original issue and are payable quarterly on the 15th day of March, June,
September and December of each year, when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors. Dividends are payable out of amounts legally
available therefor at a rate equal to 8.00 per annum per 25.00 of stated liquidation preference per share, or 2.00 per share of Series
A Preferred Stock per year. Our Board of Directors declared the first quarter 2023 dividend on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock
on February 1, 2023. The Series A Preferred Stock shares trade on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol FGFPP . 

Common
Stock 

In
the fourth quarter of 2021, we sold a total of 750,000 shares of our common stock, at a price of 4.00 per share, for net proceeds of
approximately 2.5 million. Also in the fourth quarter, the Company completed a rights offering to holders of its common stock.
Pursuant to the rights offering, 691,735 shares were subscribed for, for net proceeds of approximately 2.7 million. The Company intends
to use the net proceeds from the issuance of its common shares for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 

In
June 2022, we sold a total of 2,750,000 shares of our common stock in an underwritten public offering, at a price of 1.58 per share,
for net proceeds of approximately 3.8 million. On August 2, 2022, ThinkEquity, the underwriter with respect to the public offering,
partially exercised its overallotment option and we sold an additional 71,770 shares of our common stock, at a price of 1.58 per share,
for net proceeds of 0.1 million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the underwritten public offering for working capital
and other general corporate purposes. 

On
November 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Sales Agreement with ThinkEquity LLC, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell,
from time to time through ThinkEquity LLC, shares of the Company s common stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to 2,575,976,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement. The Company filed a prospectus supplement to its registration statement on
Form S-3. Under the Sales Agreement, the ThinkEquity LLC may sell the Shares in sales deemed to be an at-the-market offering 
as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. The Company is not obligated to make any sales of the shares
under the Sales Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not yet sold any shares under this Sales Agreement. 

24 

Retirement
of Treasury Stock 

On
August 19, 2021, the Board approved the retirement of all 1,281,511 common stock treasury shares owned by the Company. Accordingly, these
shares have been classified as authorized, but unissued shares on the Company s balance sheet, as of December 31, 2021. 

Change
in Shareholders Equity 

The
table below presents the primary components of changes to total shareholders equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021: 

Preferred Shares Outstanding 
 Common Shares Outstanding 
 Treasury 
 Shares 
 Total Shareholders Equity. 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 
 700,000 
 4,988,310 
 1,281,511 
 34,193 
 
 Retirement of Treasury Stock 
 - 
 - 
 (1,281,511 
 - 
 
 Stock compensation 
 
 67,160 
 
 559 
 
 Series A Preferred Share issuance 
 194,580 

4,217 
 
 Dividends declared on Series A Preferred Stock 

(1,692 
 
 Issuance of common stock 
 
 1,441,735 
 
 5,246 
 
 Net loss 

(8,514 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 894,580 
 6,497,205 
 
 34,009 

Balance, January 1, 2022 
 894,580 
 6,497,205 
 
 34,009 
 
 Stock compensation 
 
 91,498 
 
 255 
 
 Dividends declared on Series A Preferred Stock 

(1,789 
 
 Issuance of common stock 
 
 2,821,770 
 
 3,732 
 
 Net income 

1,088 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 
 894,580 
 9,410,473 
 
 37,295 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Net
Premiums Earned 

Net
premiums earned represent actual premiums earned on our reinsurance agreements as well as estimated premiums earned on our FAL
agreement as disclosed previously. All actual and estimated premiums earned are the result of property and casualty assumed premium.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, earned premiums are approximately 13.0 million and 4.9 million,
respectively. The increase in reinsurance premiums was due primarily to the additional reinsurance agreements signed during the
current year. 

Net
Investment Income 

Net
investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

(in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Investment income (loss): 

Realized loss on FedNat common stock 
 (13,797 
 (5,452 
 
 Unrealized holding loss on Hagerty common stock 
 (48 
 - 
 
 Unrealized holding gain on private placement investments 
 - 
 5,267 
 
 Change in unrealized holding loss on FedNat common stock 
 13,074 
 (865 
 
 Equity method earnings 
 7,618 
 3,448 
 
 Other (loss) income 
 (70 
 147 
 
 Net investment income 
 6,777 
 2,545 

25 

Other
Income 

Other
income was approximately 320,000, compared to 186,000, for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and is comprised
of fees earned under the investment advisory and transition services agreements between the Company and FedNat. Also included in other
income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is service fee revenue we have earned under our SPAC Platform, whereby
we provide certain accounting, regulatory, strategic, advisory, and other administrative services. 

Net
Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

Net
losses and LAE for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 7.5 million and 4.3 million, respectively. The increase
in net losses and loss adjustment expenses was due primarily to the additional reinsurance agreements signed during the current year.
As discussed under Note 5, Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense Reserves, a portion of this charge represents an estimate based upon a full
calendar year forecast of results provided to us by the ceding companies under our FAL arrangements. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses decreased by 0.8 million to 8.4 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to 9.2
million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to lower legal and professional fees, stock compensation
expense and salaries and benefits for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Also
included in general and administrative expenses are payments to Fundamental Global Management, LLC FGM ), pursuant to a
shared services agreement entered into on March 31, 2020. Under the agreement, FGM provides the Company with certain services related
to the day-to-day management of the Company, including assisting with regulatory compliance, evaluating the Company s financial
and operational performance, providing a management team to supplement the executive officers of the Company, and such other services
consistent with those customarily performed by executive officers and employees of a public company. In exchange for these services,
the Company pays FGM a fee of approximately 456,000 per quarter, plus reimbursement of expenses incurred by FGM in connection with the
performance of the services, subject to certain limitations approved by the Company s Board of Directors or Compensation Committee,
from time to time. The Company paid 1.8 million and 1.8 million to FGM under the agreement, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. FGM is an affiliate of FG, the Company s largest shareholder. 

Income
Tax Expense (Benefit) 

Our
actual effective tax rate varies from the statutory federal income tax rates as shown in the following table. 

in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Amount 
 
 Amount 

Provision for taxes at U.S. statutory marginal income tax rate of 21 
 229 
 21.0 
 (1,540 
 21.0 
 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets deemed unrealizable 
 (252 
 (23.1 
 1,782 
 (24.3 
 
 State income tax (net of federal benefit) 

(114 
 1.6 
 
 Minority Interest 

(279 
 3.8 
 
 Other 
 23 
 2.1 
 6 
 (0.1 
 
 Income tax benefit 

(145 
 2.0 

Income tax benefit from continuing operations 

Income tax benefit from discontinued operations 

(145 
 2.0 

26 

Due
to the sale of our former insurance business, these operations have been classified as discontinued operations in the Company s
financial statements presented herein. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a gain from the sale of these operations of
approximately 145,000, related to a final true-up and settlement for income taxes due to the Company under the sale agreement. 

We
have also recorded a benefit of 252,000 and a charge of 1.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as
a valuation allowance against all of our net deferred tax assets, due to uncertainty regarding our ability to realize these tax benefits
in the future, reducing the net deferred income tax asset to 0, as of December 31, 2022. 

Net
Loss 

Information
regarding our net loss and loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as shown in the following table: 

in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Basic and diluted: 

Net income (loss) from continuing operations 
 1,088 
 (7,333 
 
 Loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 - 
 (1,326 
 
 Dividends declared on Series A Preferred Shares 
 (1,789 
 (1,692 
 
 Loss attributable to FG Financial Group, Inc. common shareholders 
 (701 
 (10,351 
 
 Weighted average common shares 
 8,030,106 
 5,212,772 
 
 Loss per common share from continuing operations 
 (0.09 
 (1.99 

Gain on sale of former insurance business 
 - 
 (145 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding 
 8,030,106 
 5,212,772 
 
 Income per common share from discontinued operations 
 - 
 0.03 

Loss per share attributable to common shareholders 
 (0.09 
 (1.96 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
purpose of liquidity management is to ensure that there is sufficient cash to meet all financial commitments and obligations as they
fall due. The liquidity requirements of the Company and its subsidiaries have been met primarily by funds generated from operations and
from the proceeds from the sales of our common and preferred stock. Cash provided from these sources has historically been used for making
investments, loss and LAE payments, as well as other operating expenses. 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table summarizes the Company s consolidated cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

in thousands) 
 Year ended December 31, 
 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period 
 15,542 
 12,132 

Net cash used by operating activities 
 (11,022 
 (14,406 
 
 Net cash (used) provided by investing activities 
 (3,453 
 5,898 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,943 
 11,918 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (12,532 
 3,410 

Cash and cash equivalents end of period 
 3,010 
 15,542 

27 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s net cash used by operating activities was approximately 11.0 million, the major
drivers of which were as follows: 

Our
 net income of approximately 1.1 million for the year. 

Approximately
 13.0 million for a non-cash charge related to the change in unrealized holding loss on our
 equity investments, and approximately 7.6 for a non-cash charge related to income from equity
 method investments, offset by 13.9 million in realized loss on sale associated with our
 shares of FedNat common stock. 

A
 cash outflow of approximately 5.4 million representing cash placed in trust as collateral, pursuant to our quota-share agreements. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s net cash used by investing activities primarily consists of approximately 8.8
million from the purchase of other investments, offset by sales of other investments in the amount of 4.7 million and 0.7 million from
the sale of equity securities. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s net cash provided by financing activities consist of proceeds of approximately
 3.7 million from the issuance of common stock, offset by the payments of dividends in the amount of 1.8 million on our Series A Preferred
Shares. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s net cash used by operating activities was approximately 14.4 million, the major
drivers of which were as follows: 

Our
 net loss of approximately 7.2 million for the year. 

Approximately
 7.8 million for a non-cash charge related to the unrealized holding gains on our various investments, offset by 5.5 million in
 realized loss on sale associated with our shares of FedNat common stock. 

A
 cash outflow of approximately 2.0 million representing cash placed in trust as collateral, pursuant to our quota-share agreements. 

A
 cash outflow of approximately 6.5 million for our investment in our SPAC sponsorships through the Fund. As this investment was made
 by our former investment company subsidiary, we are required to show these cash outflows as operating activities. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s net cash provided by investing activities consist primarily of proceeds of approximately
 5.9 million from the sale of a portion of our FedNat shares as well as the complete liquidation of our Metrolina investment. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s net cash used by financing activities consist of was approximately 11.9 million,
the major drivers of which were as follows: 

The
 payments of dividends in the amount of 1.7 million on our Series A Preferred Shares. 

Net
 proceeds from the issuance of our Series A Preferred Shares in the amount of approximately 4.2 million. 

Net
 proceeds from the issuance of our common stock in the amount of approximately 5.2 million. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

28 

FG
FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP; Grand Rapids, MI; PCAOB ID # 
 30 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 32 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 33 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 34 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 35 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 36 

29 

FG
FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders
and Board of Directors 

 FG
Financial Group, Inc. 

 Itasca,
Illinois 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of FG Financial Group, Inc. (the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December
31, 2022 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

30 

Loss
and Loss Adjustment Expense Reserves (Loss Reserves) 

As
described in Note 2 and Note 5 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, loss and loss adjustment reserve estimates are
based primarily on estimates derived from reports the Company has received from ceding companies and their actuarial teams. As of December
31, 2022, the Company s loss and loss adjustment expense reserve was 4.4 million. The Company also engages independent actuarial specialists
in order to assist management in establishing appropriate reserves. The estimate of loss reserves relies on several key judgments, including
(1) the types of exposures and projected ultimate premium to be written by cedents; (2) expected loss ratios by type of business; (3)
actuarial methodologies which analyze loss reporting and payment experience, reports from ceding companies and historical trends; and
(4) general economic conditions. 

We
identified the actuarial methodologies and significant assumptions used in the estimation of the Company s loss and loss adjustment
expense reserves as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for this determination were (i) the significant judgment by
management when developing their estimate, (ii) the significant auditor subjectivity and judgment involved in evaluating the audit evidence
related to the actuarial methodologies used, and (iii) the extent of specialized skills and knowledge needed from our actuarial specialists. 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

Testing
 the completeness and accuracy of the source information used by the Company s management and independent actuarial specialists
 to calculate loss reserves. 

Utilizing
 personnel with specialized knowledge and skill in actuarial methods to assist in (i) evaluating the appropriateness of methodologies
 used, and (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions used by Company s management and independent actuarial
 specialists, specifically the loss development factor selections, initial expected loss ratio selections, and weighting of methods
 used. 

Comparing
 the results of the reserve study prepared by independent actuarial specialists to management s best estimate and evaluating
 the differences. 

Valuation
of Equity Method Investments 

As
described in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s equity method investments include private placement
investments held in sponsor shares and warrants for special purpose acquisition companies (SPAC), which are estimated using complex valuation
methods (Monte-Carlo simulation and option pricing models) and involves significant assumptions. 

We
identified the valuation methodologies and significant assumptions utilized in the estimation of the fair value of these private placement
investments as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for this determination were the subjective and complex auditor judgment,
including the involvement of our valuation specialists in evaluating the (i) relevant valuation methodologies and (ii) significant assumptions
used in determining the fair value of these investments. 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

Testing
 the completeness and accuracy of the source information used to value the equity method investments. 

Utilizing
 personnel with specialized knowledge and skill in valuation techniques to assist in (i) evaluating the appropriateness of management s
 valuation methodologies, and (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions, specifically the estimate of the
 volatility of the common stock based on the selection of historical performance of various broad market indices blended with various
 peer companies, the discount for lack of marketability, and the probability of a successful merger. 

/s/

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 

March
 24, 2023 

31 

FG
FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Equity securities, at fair value (cost basis of and , respectively) 

Other investments 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Deferred policy acquisition costs 

Reinsurance balances receivable 

Funds deposited with reinsured companies 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES 

Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves 

Unearned premium reserves 

Accounts payable 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 
 - 
 - 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Series A Preferred Shares, par and liquidation value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common stock, par value; and shares authorized; and shares issued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and, and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

32 

FG
FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

in thousands, except per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue: 

Net premiums earned 

Net investment income 

Other income 

Total revenue 

Expenses: 

Net losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 

General and administrative expenses 

Total expenses 

Net income (loss) from continuing operations 

Discontinued operations (Note 2): 

Gain from sale of former insurance business 
 - 

Net income from discontinued operations 
 - 

Net income (loss) 

Income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 - 

Dividends declared on Series A Preferred Shares 

Loss attributable to common shareholders 

Basic and diluted net earnings (loss) per common share: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 
 - 

Loss per share attributable to common shareholders 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

33 

FG
FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Shareholders Equity 

in thousands) 

Outstanding 
 Amount 
 Outstanding 
 Amount 
 Outstanding 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Inc. 
 Interests 
 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Treasury
 Stock 

Total 
 Shareholders 
 Equity 
 Attributable 
 to
 FG 
 Financial 
 Non- 

Shares 
 
 Shares 
 
 Shares 
 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Group 
 controlling 

Outstanding 
 Amount 
 Outstanding 
 Amount 
 Outstanding 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Inc. 
 Interests 
 
 Balance,
 January 1, 2021 

Stock
 based compensation 

Interests
 issued for contributed cash 

Deconsolidation
 of variable interest entity 

Issuance
 of Series A Preferred shares 

Retirement
 of treasury shares 

Issuance
 of common stock 

Dividends
 declared on Series A Preferred Shares per share) 

Net
 loss 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Balance 

- 

Stock
 based compensation 

Issuance
 of common stock 

Dividends
 declared on Series A Preferred Shares per share) 

Net
 income 

Net
 income (loss) 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

- 

- 
 Balance 

- 

- 

34 

FG
FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

in thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used by operating activities: 

Change in unrealized holding loss on equity investments 

(Income) loss from equity method investments 

Net realized loss on sale of investments 

Stock compensation expense 

Purchases of investments by consolidated investment company subsidiary 

Cash relinquished upon deconsolidation of investment company subsidiary 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Funds deposited with reinsured companies 

Reinsurance balances receivable 

Deferred policy acquisition costs 

Other assets 

Current income taxes recoverable 
 - 

Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves 

Unearned premium reserves 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Net cash used by operating activities 

Investing activities: 

Purchases of furniture and equipment 

Proceeds from sales of equity securities 

Proceeds from sales of other investments 

Purchases of other investments 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash (used) provided by investing activities 

Financing activities: 

Payment of dividends on preferred shares 

Proceeds from issuance preferred stock, net 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance common stock, net 

Capital contribution from non-controlling interest 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Net refunds received during the period for income taxes 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

35 

of our common stock. D. Kyle Cerminara, Chairman of our Board
of Directors, serves as Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder and Partner of FG. 

Sale
of the Insurance Business 

On
December 2, 2019, we completed the sale Asset Sale of our insurance subsidiaries to FedNat Holding Company for a combination
of cash and FedNat common stock. The Company sold its remaining FedNat common stock shares held in October 2022. 

Reincorporation 

Effective
at 5:01 p.m. ET on December 9, 2022, the Company completed its reincorporation from a Delaware corporation to a Nevada corporation (the
 Reincorporation ). The Reincorporation was accomplished by means of a merger by and between the Company and its former wholly
owned subsidiary FG Financial Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation. As of December 9, 2022, the rights of the Company s stockholders
began to be governed by the Nevada corporation laws, our Amended and Restated Nevada Articles of Incorporation and our Nevada Bylaws.
The Reincorporation was approved by the Company s stockholders at a special meeting held on December 6, 2022. 

Other
than the change in the state of incorporation, the Reincorporation did not result in any change in the business, physical location, management,
assets, liabilities or net worth of the Company, nor did it result in any change in location of the Company s employees, including
the Company s management. 

The
Reincorporation did not alter any stockholder s percentage ownership interest or number of shares owned in the Company and the
Company s common stock continues to be quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market under the same symbol FGF and the 8.00 
Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A of the Company continues to be quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market under the same symbol, FGFPP. 

Current
Business 

Our
strategy has evolved to focus on opportunistic collateralized and loss capped reinsurance, with capital allocation to merchant banking
activities with asymmetrical risk/reward opportunities. As part of our refined focus, we have adopted the following capital allocation
philosophy: 

Grow
intrinsic value per share with a long-term focus using fundamental research , allocating capital to
 asymmetric risk/reward opportunities. 

Currently,
the business operates as a diversified holding company of insurance, reinsurance, asset management, our Special purpose acquisition corporation
 SPAC Platform businesses, and our merchant banking division. 

Insurance 

Sponsor
Protection Coverage and Risk, Inc. is being formed as a special purpose captive in South Carolina to provide reinsurance coverage for
Sides A, B, C Directors and Officers Liability insurance coverage for related and unrelated entities of Fundamental Global Reinsurance
Ltd FGRe ). These will include SPAC entities engaged in the services or business of taking companies public, as well as
small cap businesses performing an initial public offering. 

Reinsurance 

The
Company s wholly owned reinsurance subsidiary, FGRe, a Cayman Islands limited liability company, provides specialty property and
casualty reinsurance. FGRe has been granted a Class B (iii) insurer license in accordance with the terms of The Insurance Act (as revised)
of the Cayman Islands and underlying regulations thereto and is subject to regulation by the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority (the Authority ).
The terms of the license require advance approval from the Authority should FGRe wish to enter into any reinsurance agreements which
are not fully collateralized. FGRe participates in a Funds at Lloyds FAL syndicate covering risks written by the syndicate
during the 2021 and 2022 calendar years, and on December 10, 2022 agreed to cover risks written by the syndicate during the calendar
year 2023. On April 1, 2021, FGRe entered its second reinsurance contract with a leading insurtech company that provides automotive insurance
utilizing driver monitoring to predictively segment and price drivers. The Company added a second agreement with the automotive insurance
provider as of April 1, 2022. Beginning January 1, 2022, FGRe participates in a quota share reinsurance contract with a startup homeowners 
insurance company. On April 1, 2022, FGRe entered a homeowners property catastrophe excess of loss reinsurance contract with a
specialty insurance company covering loss occurrences from named tropical storms arising out of the Atlantic. On July 1, 2022, FGRe entered
a contract with a specialty insurance company that provides hired and non-owned automotive insurance. These agreements limit exposure
by loss-caps stipulated within the reinsurance contracts. 

Asset
Management 

FG
Strategic Consulting, LLC, FGSC a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, looks to provide investment advisory services,
including identifying, analyzing and recommending potential investments, advising as to existing investments and investment optimization,
recommending investment dispositions, and providing advice regarding macro-economic conditions. 

SPAC
Platform 

On
December 21, 2020, we formed FG Management Solutions LLC FGMS ), formerly known as FG SPAC Solutions, LLC, a Delaware company,
to facilitate the launch of our SPAC Platform . Under the SPAC Platform, we provide various strategic, administrative, and
regulatory support services to newly formed SPACs for a monthly fee. Additionally, the Company co-founded a partnership, FG Merchant
Partners, LP FGMP ), formerly known as FG SPAC Partners, LP, to participate as a co-sponsor for newly formed SPACs. The
Company also participates in the risk capital investments associated with the launch of such SPACs through its Asset Management business,
specifically FG Special Situations Fund, LP Fund ). As discussed in Note 4, the Company had consolidated the results of
the Fund through November 30, 2021; however, effective December 1, 2021, the Company began accounting for its investment in the Fund
under the equity method. The first transaction entered under the SPAC Platform occurred on January 11, 2021, by and among FGMS and Aldel
Investors, LLC, the sponsor of Aldel Financial, Inc. Aldel ), a special purpose acquisition company which completed its
business combination with Hagerty (NYSE: HGTY) on December 2, 2021. Under the services agreement between FGMS and Aldel Investors, LLC
(the Agreement ), FGMS provided accounting, regulatory, strategic advisory, and other administrative services to Aldel,
which included assistance with negotiations with potential merger targets for the SPAC as well as assistance with the de-SPAC process. 

In
March and April 2022, the Company continued to build upon its SPAC Platform strategy. On March 3, 2022, FG Merger Corp. FG Merger (Nasdaq: FGMCU) announced the closing of an million IPO in the United States, including the exercise of the over-allotment option
granted to the underwriters in the offering. Similarly, on April 5, 2022, FG Acquisition Corp. FG Acquisition (TSX:FGAA.V),
announced the closing of a million IPO in Canada, including the exercise of the over-allotment option granted to the underwriters
in the offering. The Company participated in the risk capital associated with the launch of the SPACs through its asset management business,
specifically FG Special Situations Fund, LP. Mr. Cerminara, our Chairman, Larry G. Swets, Jr., our Director and Chief Executive Officer,
and Hassan R. Baqar, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, also hold financial interests in the SPACs and/or their
sponsor companies. Additionally, Messrs. Cerminara, Swets, and Baqar are managers of the sponsor companies of FG Merger and FG Acquisition.
Mr. Swets serves as Chairman of FG Merger, while Messrs. Baqar and Cerminara serve as Director and Senior Advisor of FG Merger, respectively.
Mr. Swets serves as Chief Executive Officer and Director of FG Acquisition. Mr. Baqar serves as Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and
Director of FG Acquisition. Mr. Cerminara serves as Chairman of FG Acquisition. 

In
the aggregate, the Company s indirect exposure to FG Merger through its subsidiaries represents potential beneficial ownership
of approximately shares of FG Merger s common stock, approximately warrants with an exercise price and -year
expiration, and approximately warrants with a exercise price and -year expiration. The Company has invested approximately
 million in FG Merger through its subsidiaries. The Company s indirect exposure in FG Acquisition through its subsidiaries
represents potential beneficial ownership of approximately shares of FG Acquisition s common stock, approximately 
warrants with an exercise price and -year expiration (the FGAC Warrants ), approximately warrants with a
 exercise price and -year expiration, and either (i) up to approximately an additional FGAC Warrants, or (ii) up to approximately
 million in cash, or (iii) a pro-rata combination of such FGAC Warrants and cash, based on certain adjustment provisions and the level
of redemptions of FG Acquisition s publicly traded warrants at the time of a business combination. The Company has invested approximately
 million in FG Acquisition through its subsidiaries. 

Merchant
Banking 

In
Q3 2022, the Company announced the expansion of its growth strategy through the formation of a merchant banking division. The Company
invested million into its first project launched under the platform, FG Communities, Inc FGC ). FGC is a self-managed
real estate company focused on a growing portfolio of manufactured housing communities which are owned and operated by FGC. As discussed
further in Note 4, the Company will hold this investment at cost, subject to any adjustment from time to time due to impairment or observable
price changes in orderly transactions. 

In
September 2020, the Company invested approximately million to sponsor the launch of the Fund. The Fund, a VIE which the Company
was required to consolidate through November 30, 2021, is considered an investment company for GAAP purposes and follows the accounting
and reporting guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946, Financial Services-Investment
Companies , which includes the presentation of its investments at fair value. On December 1, 2021, the Company s investment
became that of a limited partner, and it no longer had the power to govern the financial and operating policies of the Fund, and thus,
began to account for its investment in the Fund under the equity method of accounting. 

In
October of 2022, the Company invested million into FGC, which the Company has determined meets the criteria of a VIE. The Company
holds this investment at cost, subject to any adjustment from time to time due to impairment or observable price changes in orderly transactions.
Due to its minority interest and inability to govern the financial and operating policies of FGC, the Company has determined it is not
the primary beneficiary of FGC, and thus does not consolidate FGC. 

The
Company s risk of loss associated with its non-consolidated VIEs is limited. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the
carrying value and maximum loss exposure of the Company s non-consolidated VIE s was million and million, respectively. 

See
Note 4 for additional information regarding the Company s investments. 

. This was related to a final true-up and settlement
in the first quarter of 2021, for income taxes due to the Company under the sale agreement. The following table presents a reconciliation
of the major classes of line items constituting discontinued operations that are presented in the Company s consolidated Statements
of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Net income from discontinued operations 
 - 

of the voting interests of the investee. This presumption may be overcome based on specific facts and circumstances that
demonstrate that the ability to exercise significant influence is restricted. We apply the equity method to investments in common stock
and to other investments when such other investments possess substantially identical subordinated interests to common stock. 

In
applying the equity method, we record the investment at cost and subsequently increase or decrease the carrying amount of the investment
by our proportionate share of the net earnings or losses and other comprehensive income of the investee. We record dividends or other
equity distributions as reductions in the carrying value of the investment. Should net losses of the investee reduce the carrying amount
of the investment to zero, additional net losses may be recorded if other investments in the investee are at-risk, even if we have not
committed to provide financial support to the investee. Such additional equity method losses, if any, are based upon the change in our
claim on the investee s book value. 

When
we receive distributions from our equity method investments, we utilize the cumulative earnings approach. When classifying the related
cash flows under this approach, the Company compares the cumulative distributions received, less distributions received in prior periods,
with the Company s cumulative equity in earnings. Cumulative distributions that do not exceed cumulative equity in earnings represent
returns on investment and are classified as cash inflows from operating activities. Cumulative distributions in excess of cumulative
equity in earnings represent returns on investment and are classified as cash inflows from investing activities. 

Other
investments also consist of equity we have purchased in a limited partnership, limited liability company, and a corporation for which
there does not exist a readily determinable fair value. The Company accounts for these investments at their cost, subject to any adjustment
from time to time due to impairment or observable price changes in orderly transactions. Any profit distributions the Company receives
on these investments are included in net investment income. 

in cash in a bank in the Cayman Islands which holds an A license issued under
the Banks and Trust Companies Act (2020 Revision). 

. As of December 31, 2022, the Company held funds in excess of these FDIC insured
amounts. The terms of these deposits are on demand to mitigate some of the associated risk. The Company has not incurred losses related
to these deposits. 

million cash, to collateralize
its obligations under a quota-share agreement with a Funds at Lloyd syndicate. The initial contract covered our quota share percentage
of all risks written by the syndicate for the 2021 calendar year. On November 30, 2021, we entered into an agreement with the same syndicate,
slightly increasing our quota-share percentage of the risks the syndicate writes for the 2022 calendar year. This resulted in FGRe s
depositing additional collateral of approximately million into the account. In June 2022, FGRe received approximately million
in a partial return of initial collateral. In December 2022, we entered into another agreement with the syndicate, slightly increasing
our quota-share percentage of the risks the syndicate writes for the 2023 calendar year. This resulted in FGRe depositing additional
collateral of approximately million in cash to the account. 

During
2021, we also deposited cash collateral in the approximate amount of million, to support our automotive insurance quota-share agreement
entered on April 1, 2021. We entered into an additional agreement with the same automotive insurance company on April 1, 2022, and in
the third quarter of 2022, we deposited additional collateral of approximately million. 

In
the third quarter of 2022, FGRe deposited cash collateral of approximately million and deposited approximately million in premiums
received from the cedent, to support the homeowners property catastrophe excess of loss reinsurance contract that became effective
April 1, 2022. The cash is held in a segregated account until such time that the Company s liability for losses ascribed have been
commuted, or all losses have been closed or settled for this contract. The named tropical storm season started on June 1, 2022 and ended
on November 30, 2022. 

During
2022, the Company also deposited collateral of approximately million to support the startup homeowners insurance quota-share agreement,
and deposited additional collateral of approximately million to support the specialty insurance company that provides hired and
non-owned automotive insurance quota share-agreement. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the total cash collateral on deposit to support all of our reinsurance treaties was approximately
 million and million, respectively. 

In
January 2023, the losses ascribed were commuted for the homeowners property catastrophe excess of loss reinsurance contract that
became effective April 1, 2022. This resulted in million of collateral being returned to the Company. 

The
Company has also issued restricted stock units RSUs to certain of its employees and directors which have been accounted
for as equity-based awards since, upon vesting, they are required to be settled in the Company s common shares. We have used the
fair value of the Company s common stock on the date the RSUs were issued to estimate the grant date fair value of those RSUs which
vest solely based upon the passage of time. The fair value of each RSU is recorded as compensation expense over the requisite service
period, which is generally the expected period over which the awards will vest. 

Based
upon the Company s historical forfeiture rates relating to stock options and RSUs, the Company has not made any adjustment to stock
compensation expense for expected forfeitures as of December 31, 2022. 

Total investments 

As of December 31, 2021 
 Cost Basis 
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
 Carrying Amount 
 
 FedNat common stock 

Total investments 

Hagerty
Common Stock 

On
December 15, 2022, FGMP distributed 
 common shares of Hagerty to the Company, which
it now owns directly. On the date of distribution, the common shares had an aggregate fair value
of approximately . 

FedNat
Common Stock 

During
the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company sold its remaining shares held of FedNat Holding Company. For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company had gross realized losses of 
million and 
million, respectively, associated with the sale of its FedNat shares. During the year ended December 2022, the Company recorded a
 
million change in unrealized holding loss on FedNat shares, and a change in unrealized holding loss of 
million for the year ended December 2021. 

Deconsolidation
of Subsidiary 

The
Company s original investment in the Fund, a Delaware limited partnership, consisted of an investment as both a limited and general
partner. At the time of the Company s initial investment into the Fund, in September 2020, the Company had determined that its
investment represented an investment in a variable interest entity VIE in which the Company was the primary beneficiary
and as such, had consolidated the financial results of the Fund through November 30, 2021. At each reporting date, the Company evaluates
whether it remains the primary beneficiary and continuously reconsiders that conclusion. On December 1, 2021, the Company no longer had
the power to govern the financial and operating policies of the Fund, and accordingly derecognized the related assets, liabilities, and
noncontrolling interests of the Fund as of that date. The Company did not receive any consideration in the deconsolidation of the Fund,
nor did it record any gain or loss upon deconsolidation as the Company carried its investment at fair value. The assets and liabilities
of the Fund, over which the Company lost control, were as follows: 

Investments in private placements 

Investments in public SPACs 

Other assets 

Other liabilities 

Net assets deconsolidated 

While
the Company s investments in the Fund are no longer consolidated, the Company has retained its interest in all of the investments
held at the Fund. Accordingly, the Company has not presented its investment in the Fund as a discontinued operation. Effective December
1, 2021, the Company began accounting for its investment in the Fund under the equity method of accounting. 

Equity
Method Investments 

Other
investments on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets consists of equity method investments, which as of December 31, 2022 includes
our investment in FGMP and the Fund. 

On
January 4, 2021, FGMP was formed as a Delaware limited partnership to co-sponsor newly formed SPACs with their founders or partners,
as well as other merchant banking interests. The Company is the sole managing member of the general partner of FGMP and holds a limited
partner interest of approximately in FGMP directly and through its subsidiaries. FGMP participates as a co-sponsor of the SPACs launched
under our SPAC Platform as well as merchant banking initiatives. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company has contributed
 million into FGMP, and has received distributions in the approximate amount of million. The Company has recorded equity method
gains from FGMP of approximately million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The carrying value of our investment in
FGMP as of December 31, 2022 was approximately million compared to million as of December 31, 2021. Of the million carrying
value of our investment in FGMP at December 31, 2022, the Company may allocate up to approximately million to incentivize and compensate
individuals and entities for the successful merger of SPAC s launched under our platform. 

Equity
method investments also include our investment in the Fund, in which we hold an approximately limited partner interest as of December
31, 2022. Until December 1, 2021, we had consolidated the Fund as a variable interest entity, however, effective December 1, 2021, we
began accounting for this investment under the equity method of accounting. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company
has contributed million into the Fund, and has received cash distributions in the approximate amount of million. The Company
has recorded equity method gains from the Fund of approximately million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. As of December
31, 2022, the carrying value of our investment in the Fund was approximately million, compared to million as of December 31,
2021. 

During
the year ended December 2021, equity method investments included our investment of million in FGI Metrolina Property Income Fund,
LP Metrolina ), which invested in real estate through a real estate investment trust which was wholly owned by Metrolina.
We have recorded equity method earnings from our investment in Metrolina of approximately zero and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In the third quarter of 2021, Metrolina indicated that it would be liquidating and returning investor
capital. Accordingly, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we received approximately million in cash back from the Fund, representing
our initial investment of million plus approximately million in distributed earnings. As a result, our investment in Metrolina
was fully liquidated as of December 31, 2021. 

Cash 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Accounts payable 

Total liabilities 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net investment income 

General and administrative expenses 

Net income 

Certain
investments held by our equity method investees are valued using Monte-Carlo simulation and option pricing models. Inherent in Monte-Carlo
simulation and option pricing models are assumptions related to expected volatility and discount for lack of marketability of the underlying
investment. Our investees estimate the volatility of these investments based on the historical performance of various broad market indices
blended with various peer companies which they consider as having similar characteristics to the underlying investment, as well as consideration
of price and volatility of relevant publicly traded securities such as SPAC warrants. Our investees also consider the probability of
a successful merger when valuing SPAC equity. 

Investments
without Readily Determinable Fair Value 

In
addition to our equity method investments, other investments, as listed on our balance sheet, consists of equity we have purchased
in companies for which there does not exist a readily determinable fair value. This includes
the Company s million direct investment in FGC. The Company accounts for these investments at their cost, subject
to any adjustment from time to time due to impairment or observable price changes in orderly transactions. Any profit distributions
the Company receives on these investments are included in net investment income. The Company s total investment in companies
without a readily determinable fair value was approximately million
and million
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company has received distributions of and on these investments, respectively. 

Impairment 

For
equity securities without readily determinable fair values, impairment is determined via a qualitative assessment which considers indicators
to evaluate whether the investment is impaired. Some of these indicators include a significant deterioration in the earnings performance
or asset quality of the investee, a significant adverse change in regulatory, economic or general market conditions in which the investee
operates, or doubt over an investee s ability to continue as a going concern. If the investment is deemed to be impaired after
conducting this analysis, the Company would estimate the fair value of the investment to determine the amount of impairment loss. 

For
equity method investments, such as the Company s investments in FGMP and the Fund, evidence of a loss in value might include a
series of operating losses of an investee, the absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment, or a deterioration
in the value of the investee s underlying assets. If these, or other indicators lead to the conclusion that there is a decrease
in the value of the investment that is other than temporary, the Company would recognize that decrease in value even though the decrease
may be in excess of what would otherwise be recognized under the equity method of accounting. 

The
risks and uncertainties inherent in the assessment methodology used to determine impairment include, but may not be limited to, the following: 

the
 opinions of professional investment managers and appraisers could be incorrect; 

the
 past operating performance and cash flows generated from the investee s operations may not reflect their future performance;
 and 

the
 estimated fair values for investment for which observable market prices are not available are inherently imprecise. 

We
have not recorded an impairment on our investments for either of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Unrealized holding loss on Hagerty common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized holding gain on private placement investments 
 - 

Change in unrealized holding loss on FedNat common stock 

Equity method earnings 

Other (loss) income 

Net investment income 

Fair
Value Measurements 

The
Company determines fair value based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability in the principal
or most advantageous market. The FASB has issued guidance that defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an
asset (or paid to transfer a liability) in the principal, or most advantageous market in an orderly transaction between market participants.
This guidance also establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the
use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The guidance categorizes assets and liabilities at fair value into one of three
different levels depending on the observation of the inputs employed in the measurements, as follows: 

Level
 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets providing the
 most reliable measurement of fair value since it is directly observable. 

Level
 2 inputs to the valuation methodology which include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets. These
 inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full-term of the financial instrument. 

Level
 3 - inputs to the valuation methodology which are unobservable and significant to the measurement of fair value. 

The
availability of valuation techniques and observable inputs can vary from investment to investment and are affected by a variety of factors,
including the type of investment, whether the investment is new and not yet established in the marketplace, the liquidity of markets
and other characteristics specific to the individual investment. In some cases, the inputs used to measure fair value might be categorized
within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In those instances, the fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety in
the hierarchy based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. When determining fair value, the Company
uses valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. 

We
have valued our investment in Hagerty and FedNat at its last reported sales price as the common shares are traded on a national exchange.
They have been characterized in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 

As of December 31, 2021 

FedNat common stock 

- 

N/A 
 
 2022 
 - 

N/A 
 
 Total All Lines 

N/A 

Cumulative
Paid Loss and Allocated LAE, net of reinsurance for the years ended December 31: 

Accident Year 
 2021 
 2022 
 
 2021 

2022 
 - 

Total All Lines 

Total gross liability for unpaid claims and LAE 

Incurred related to: 

Current year 

Prior years 

Paid related to: 

Current year 

Prior years 

Balance, December 31 

All Lines 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total income tax benefit 
 - 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets deemed unrealizable 

State income tax (net of federal benefit) 
 - 
 - 

Non-controlling interest 
 - 
 - 

Other 

Income tax benefit 
 - 
 - 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes as compared to the amounts used for income tax purposes. The Company s gross deferred tax assets and liabilities are 
million and million as of December 31, 2022. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets of 
million, as of December 31, 2022, due to the uncertain nature surrounding our ability to realize these tax benefits in the future. Significant
components of the Company s net deferred tax assets are as follows: 

Loss and loss adjustment expense reserves 

Unearned premium reserves 

Capital loss carryforward 

Share-based compensation 

Investments 

Other 

Deferred income tax assets 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Deferred income tax assets net of valuation allowance 

Deferred income tax liabilities: 

Investments 

Deferred policy acquisition costs 

Deferred income tax liabilities 

Net deferred income tax asset (liability) 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards NOLs for federal income tax purposes of approximately
 million, which will be available to offset future taxable income. Approximately million expire on December 31, 2039, 
million expire on December 31, 2040, and million of the Company s NOLs will expire on December 31, 2041. The remaining 
million of the Company s NOLs do not expire under current tax law. Additionally, the Company has approximately million of
capital loss carryforward that can only be used to offset capital gains and which will expire in December 2026 if not used prior. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits. The Company analyzed its tax positions in accordance with the provisions
of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 740, Income Taxes , and has determined that there are currently no uncertain tax positions.
The Company generally recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 

The
Company files federal income tax returns as well as multiple state and local tax returns. The Company s consolidated federal and
state income tax returns for years 2019 and forward are open for review by the Internal Revenue Service IRS and the various
state taxing authorities. 

shares available for
issuance. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had RSUs outstanding, restricted shares, and non-qualified stock options outstanding
under its equity incentive plans. 

RSUs
Outstanding 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Non-vested units, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Non-vested units, December 31, 2022 

On
December 17, 2021, we issued a total of RSUs to our non-employee directors. The RSUs vest in five equal annual installments, beginning
with the first anniversary of the grant date, other than those RSUs granted to a former director. As the former director made himself
available to serve on the Board but was not elected to do so at the Company s 2021 annual meeting of shareholders, the Board accelerated
the vesting of his RSUs, such that they all vested on January 1, 2022. This included RSUs granted on December 17, 2021, as well
as an additional RSUs previously granted. 

On
August 19, 2022, we issued a total of RSUs to our non-employee directors. The RSUs vest in five equal annual installments, beginning
with the first anniversary of the grant date. 

Restricted
Shares 

On
July 31, 2022, the Company issued restricted shares under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan to an employee of the Company. The restriction
will be lifted on the first anniversary of the grant date. 

Stock
Options Outstanding 

On
January 12, 2021, in connection with Larry G. Swets, Jr. s appointment as Chief Executive Officer, the Company entered into a Stock
Option Agreement (the Stock Option with Mr. Swets. The Stock Option entitles Mr. Swets to purchase up to shares
of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. 

The
Stock Option contains performance and service conditions that affect vesting. Pursuant to ASC Topic 718- Stock Compensation, these
conditions have not been reflected in estimating the fair value of the award upon its grant date; however, the Company employed a Monte-Carlo
model to estimate the likelihood of satisfaction of the required performance and service conditions. This resulted in a derived service
period of approximately years under the grant. 

In
estimating the fair value of the Stock Option, the Company estimated volatility based on the historical volatility of our stock. The
risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury Constant Maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the Stock Option. The
expected life of the Stock Option is assumed to be equivalent to its contractual term. The dividend rate is based on our historical rate,
which the Company anticipates will remain at zero. The following assumptions were used to determine the estimated fair value of the Stock
Option: 

Expected life (years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Exercisable, January 1, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

Outstanding, January 1, 2021 

Exercisable, January 1, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Exercisable, December 31, 2021 

On
January 18, 2021, Company entered into an Equity Award Letter Agreement (the Letter Agreement with Mr. Swets, pursuant
to which the Company clarified its intention to grant an additional stock options, restricted shares or restricted stock units
pursuant to a future award (the Future Award ), subject to the approval of an amended and/or new equity plan, among other
conditions. Specifically, under the Letter Agreement, no such Future Award may be granted until there is a determination by the Compensation
Committee of the specific vesting and other terms of the award, and an amended and/or new equity plan, in a form to be prepared and reviewed
by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), has been approved by the Board and Company stockholders that authorizes
a sufficient number of shares of common stock to make such Future Award. 

Total
stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately and , respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized stock compensation expense of remains, which will be recognized through December
31, 2026. Stock compensation expense has been reflected in the Company s financial statements as part of general and administrative
expense. 

Warrants 

No
warrants were granted or exercised during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. On February 24, 2022, warrants
with an exercise price of expired. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any warrants outstanding. 

shares of our preferred stock designated as, 
Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A, par value per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ), for net proceeds of approximately
 million, after deducting underwriting commissions and offering expenses. This included the exercise in full by the underwriters
of their over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional shares. 

As
of both December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company had of Series A Preferred Stock shares outstanding. 

Dividends
on the Series A Preferred Stock are cumulative from the date of original issue and are payable quarterly on the 15th day of March, June,
September and December of each year, when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof. Dividends
are payable out of amounts legally available therefor at a rate equal to per annum per of stated liquidation preference
per share, or per share of Series A Preferred Stock per year. Our Board of Directors declared the first quarter 2023 dividend on
the shares of Series A Preferred Stock on February 1, 2023 . The Series A Preferred Stock
shares trade on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol FGFPP . 

Common
Stock 

In
the fourth quarter of 2021, we sold a total of shares of our common stock, at a price of per share, for net proceeds of
approximately million. Also in the fourth quarter, the Company completed a rights offering to holders of its common stock. Pursuant
to the rights offering, shares were subscribed for, for net proceeds of approximately 
million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the issuance of its common shares for working capital and other general
corporate purposes. 

In
June 2022, we sold a total of shares of our common stock in an underwritten public offering, at a price of per share,
for net proceeds of approximately million. On August 2, 2022, ThinkEquity, the underwriter with respect to the public offering,
partially exercised its overallotment option and we sold an additional shares of our common stock, at a price of per share,
for net proceeds of million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the underwritten public offering for working capital
and other general corporate purposes. 

On
November 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Sales Agreement with ThinkEquity LLC, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell,
from time to time through ThinkEquity LLC, shares of the Company s common stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to ,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement. The Company filed a prospectus supplement to its registration statement on
Form S-3. Under the Sales Agreement, the ThinkEquity LLC may sell the Shares in sales deemed to be an at-the-market offering 
as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. The Company is not obligated to make any sales of the shares
under the Sales Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not yet sold any shares under this Sales Agreement. 

Retirement
of Treasury Stock 

On
August 19, 2021, the Board approved the retirement of all common stock treasury shares owned by the Company. 

million as a limited partner in Metrolina, which invested in real estate through a real estate investment
trust wholly owned by Metrolina. The general partner of Metrolina, FGI Metrolina GP, LLC, was managed, in part, by Mr. Cerminara, the
Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. Metrolina s investment program was managed by FG Funds Management LLC, an affiliate
of FG, which, with its affiliate, is the largest stockholder of the Company. In the fourth quarter 2021, we received approximately 
million in cash from Metrolina, representing our initial investment of million plus approximately million in distributed earnings.
As a result, our investment in Metrolina was fully liquidated as of December 31, 2021. 

Joint
Venture Agreement 

On
March 31, 2020, the Company entered into the Limited Liability Company Agreement with Fundamental Global Asset Management, LLC FGAM ),
a newly-formed joint venture owned by each of the Company and FG. The purpose of FGAM is to sponsor, capitalize and provide strategic
advice to investment managers in connection with the launch and/or growth of their asset management business and the investment products
they sponsor (each, a Sponsored Fund ). 

FGAM
is governed by a Board of Managers consisting of four managers, two of which have been appointed by each Member. The Company has appointed
two of its independent directors to the Board of Managers of FGAM. Certain major actions, including any decision to sponsor a new investment
manager, require the prior consent of both Members. 

FG
Special Situations Fund 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had invested million, net of redemptions at cost, as a limited partner in the Fund. The general
partner of the Fund, and the investment advisor of the Fund are ultimately controlled by Mr. Cerminara, the Chairman of the Company s
Board of Directors. Portions of the Company s investment into the Fund were used to sponsor the launch of SPACs affiliated with
certain of our officers and directors. 

Mr.
Cerminara, our chairman, and Mr. Swets, our Chief Executive Officer and Director, are managers of the sponsor company of FG New America
Acquisition Corp FGNA ). Mr. Cerminara, Mr. Swets and Mr. Baqar, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,
serve as managers of the sponsor companies of FG Merger and FG Acquisition. Until FGNA s business combination with OppFi (NYSE:
OPFI), Mr. Swets was the Chief Executive Officer and a Director of FGNA, Mr. Cerminara was a Director of FGNA, and Mr. Baqar was the
Chief Financial Officer of FGNA. Until Aldel s business combination with Hagerty, Mr. Swets served as Senior Advisor to Aldel,
Mr. Baqar served as Chief Financial Officer of Aldel, and Mr. Cerminara served as a Director of Aldel. Messrs. Cerminara, Swets, and
Baqar also hold financial interests in the SPACs and/or their sponsor companies. Mr. Swets serves as Chairman of FG Merger, while Messrs.
Baqar and Cerminara serve as Director and Senior Advisor of FG Merger, respectively. Mr. Swets serves as Chief Executive Officer and
Director of FG Acquisition. Mr. Baqar serves as Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director of FG Acquisition. Mr. Cerminara serves
as Chairman of FG Acquisition. 

FG
Merchant Partners 

FGMP
was formed to co-sponsor newly formed SPACs with their founders or partners, as well as other merchant banking initiatives. The Company
holds a limited partner interest in FGMP. Certain of our directors and officers also hold limited partner interests in FGMP. Mr. Swets
holds a limited partner interest through Itasca Financial LLC, an advisory and investment firm for which Mr. Swets is managing member.
Mr. Baqar also holds a limited partner interest through Sequoia Financial LLC, an advisory firm for which Mr. Baqar is managing member.
Mr. Cerminara also holds a limited partner interest through Fundamental Global, LLC, a holding company for which Mr. Cerminara is the
manager and one of the members. 

FGMP
has invested in the founder shares and warrants of Aldel, FG Merger, FG Acquisition and FGC. Certain of our directors and officers are
affiliated with these SPACs and their sponsor companies as previously described. 

FG
Communities 

In
October of 2022, the Company directly invested million into FGC. The Company also holds an interest through its ownership in FGMP.
FGC is a self-managed real estate company focused on a growing portfolio of manufactured housing communities which are owned and operated
by FGC. Mr. Cerminara is the President and a director of FGC. 

Shared
Services Agreement 

On
March 31, 2020, the Company entered into a Shared Services Agreement (the Shared Services Agreement with Fundamental Global
Management, LLC FGM ), an affiliate of FG, pursuant to which FGM provides the Company with certain services related to
the day-to-day management of the Company, including assisting with regulatory compliance, evaluating the Company s financial and
operational performance, providing a management team to supplement the executive officers of the Company, and such other services consistent
with those customarily performed by executive officers and employees of a public company. In exchange for these services, the Company
pays FGM a fee of per quarter (the Shared Services Fee ), plus reimbursement of expenses incurred by FGM in connection
with the performance of the Services, subject to certain limitations approved by the Company s Board of Directors or Compensation
Committee from time to time. 

The
Shared Services Agreement has an initial term of three years, and thereafter renews automatically for successive one-year terms unless
terminated in accordance with its terms. The Shared Services Agreement may be terminated by FGM or by the Company, by a vote of the Company s
independent directors, at the end of the initial or automatic renewal term upon 120 days notice, subject to payment by the Company
of certain costs incurred by FGM to wind down the provision of services and, in the case of a termination by the Company without cause,
payment of a termination fee equal to the Shared Services Fee paid for the two quarters preceding termination. 

The Company paid to FGM under the Shared Services Agreement for each of the twelve months ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Dividends declared on Series A Preferred Shares 

Loss attributable to FG Financial Group, Inc. common shareholders from continuing operations 

Weighted average common shares 

Loss per common share from continuing operations 

Gain from sale of former insurance business 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Income per common share from discontinued operations 

Loss per share attributable to common shareholders 

Options to purchase common stock 

Restricted shares 
 
 - 
 
 Restricted stock units 

of each participant s initial contributions up to of a participant s
eligible earnings and of each participant s contributions up to an additional of a participant s eligible earnings.
The Company may also elect to make a profit-sharing contribution to the Retirement Plan based upon discretionary amounts and percentages
authorized by the Company s Board of Directors. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made matching contributions
to the Retirement Plan in the amounts of approximately and , respectively, but did not make any profit-sharing contributions
to the Retirement Plan in either year. 

-month term was approximately . Due to the short-term nature of the
lease, the Company recognized lease expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, with any variable lease payments recognized
in the period in which the obligation for the payment occurred. Rent expense related to the St. Petersburg office was approximately 
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 

In
April 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement for office space in Itasca, IL. The lease has a term of months beginning on
May 1, 2022. Total minimum rent over the term of the lease is expected to be approximately . The Company has accounted for the
lease under ASC 842, Leases . The annual discount rate used for the Itasca office was . As of December 31, 2022, the right of
use asset and lease liability are approximately , each, and held in Other assets and Other liabilities 
on the balance sheet, respectively. Rent expense related to the Itasca office was approximately for the twelve months ended December
31, 2022. Future minimum lease commitments are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

Imputed interest 

Total lease liability 

Total
rent expense included in general and administrative expenses on the Company s Statements of Operations was approximately 
and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

The
following table presents the financial information for each segment that is specifically identifiable or based on allocations using internal
methodology as of and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The other category in the table below consists
largely of corporate general and administrative expenses which have not been allocated to a specific segment. Segment assets for the
 other category primarily consist of unrestricted cash in the amounts of million and million as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(in thousands) 

Net investment income 

Other income 

Total revenue 

Income (loss) before income tax 

As of December 31, 2022 

Segment assets 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 

Net premiums earned 
 
 - 

Net investment (loss) income 

- 

Other income 
 - 
 
 - 

Total revenue 

- 

Income (loss) before income tax 

As of December 31, 2021 

Segment assets 

restricted stock units to be granted to various
members of the Company s management, subject to vesting terms. 

58 

FG
FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The
Company s management performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s principal
executive officer and principal financial officer of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ), as of December 31, 2022. Based upon this evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer
and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of
the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company
files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms; and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such
term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is
a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; 

provide reasonable assurance
 that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles; 

provide reasonable assurance
 that the Company s receipts and expenditures are made in accordance with proper authorizations from the Company s management
 and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Our management conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based
upon this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting. SEC s rules permit smaller reporting companies like ours to provide only management s
report. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

59 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Set
forth below is information about each of the Company s directors and executive officers, including ages as of March 24, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Directors: 

D.
 Kyle Cerminara 
 
 45 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 Larry
 G. Swets, Jr. 
 
 48 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Richard
 E. Govignon, Jr. 
 
 46 
 
 Director 
 
 Rita
 Hayes 
 
 80 
 
 Director 
 
 E.
 Gray Payne 
 
 75 
 
 Director 
 
 Scott
 D. Wollney 
 
 54 
 
 Director 

Executive
 Officers: 

Hassan
 R. Baqar 
 
 45 
 
 Executive
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

The
Board currently consists of six directors, each serving for a term of one year and until his or her successor has been duly elected and
qualified or until his or her earlier death, retirement, resignation, or removal. 

D.
Kyle Cerminara was appointed to our Board of Directors on December 27, 2016; he became Chairman of our Board of Directors on
May 11, 2018; and he served as our Principal Executive Officer from March 2020 to June 2020. Mr. Cerminara has over 20 years experience
as an institutional investor, asset manager, director, chief executive, founder and operator of multiple financial services and technology
businesses. Mr. Cerminara co-founded Fundamental Global in 2012 and serves as its Chief Executive Officer. 

Mr.
Cerminara is a member of the board of directors of a number of companies focused in the reinsurance, investment management, technology
and communication sectors, including FG Group Holdings, Inc. (NYSE American: FGH) (formerly Ballantyne Strong, Inc.), a holding company
with diverse business activities focused on serving the entertainment and retail markets, since February 2015; FG Financial Group, Inc.
(NASDAQ: FGF) (formerly known as 1347 Property Insurance Holdings, Inc.), which operates as a reinsurance and asset management company,
since December 2016; BK Technologies Corporation (NYSE American: BKTI), a provider of two-way radio communications equipment, since July
2015; FG Communities, Inc., a privately owned land owner and property manager of manufactured housing communities; and Firefly Systems
Inc., a venture- backed digital advertising company, since August 2020. Mr. Cerminara is President and will serve as a director of FG
New America Acquisition II Corp., a special purpose acquisition company currently in the process of completing its initial public offering
and which is focused on searching for a target company in the financial services and insurance industries, and he is also the chairperson
of the board of directors of FG Acquisition Corp. (TSX: FGAA.U), a Canadian special purpose acquisition company that has completed its
initial public offering and is focused on searching for a target company in the financial services sector. In addition, Mr. Cerminara
has served as a Senior Advisor to FG Merger Corp. (NASDAQ: FGMC), a special purpose acquisition company, since February 2022. 

60 

Mr.
Cerminara has served as the Chairman of BK Technologies Corporation since July 2022 and previously from March 2017 until April 2020.
Mr. Cerminara has served as the Chairman and President of FG Communities, Inc. since its formation in July 2022. From April 2021 to December
2021, Mr. Cerminara served as a director of Aldel Financial Inc. (NYSE: ADF), a special purpose acquisition company co-sponsored by Fundamental
Global, which merged with Hagerty, a leading specialty insurance provider focused on the global automotive enthusiast market. From July
2020 to July 2021, Mr. Cerminara served as Director and President of FG New America Acquisition Corp. (NYSE: FGNA), a special purpose
acquisition company, which merged with OppFi Inc. (NYSE: OPFI), a leading financial technology platform that powers banks to help everyday
consumers gain access to credit. He served on the board of directors of GreenFirst Forest Products Inc. (TSXV: GFP) (formerly Itasca
Capital Ltd.), a public company focused on investments in the forest products industry, from June 2016 to October 2021 and was appointed
Chairman from June 2018 to June 2021; Limbach Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: LMB), a company which provides building infrastructure services,
from March 2019 to March 2020; Iteris, Inc. (NASDAQ: ITI), a publicly-traded, applied informatics company, from August 2016 to November
2017; Magnetek, Inc., a publicly-traded manufacturer, in 2015; and blueharbor bank, a community bank, from October 2013 to January 2020.
He served as a Trustee and President of StrongVest ETF Trust, which was an open-end management investment company, from July 2016 to
March 2021. Previously, Mr. Cerminara served as the Co-Chief Investment Officer of CWA Asset Management Group, LLC, a position he held
from January 2013 to December 2020. 

Prior
to these roles, Mr. Cerminara was a Portfolio Manager at Sigma Capital Management, an independent financial adviser, from 2011 to 2012,
a Director and Sector Head of the Financials Industry at Highside Capital Management from 2009 to 2011, and a Portfolio Manager and Director
at CR Intrinsic Investors from 2007 to 2009. Before joining CR Intrinsic Investors, Mr. Cerminara was a Vice President, Associate Portfolio
Manager and Analyst at T. Rowe Price (NASDAQ: TROW) from 2001 to 2007, where he was named amongst Institutional Investor s Best
of the Buy Side Analysts in November 2006, and an Analyst at Legg Mason from 2000 to 2001. 

Mr.
Cerminara received an MBA degree from the Darden Graduate School of Business at the University of Virginia and a B.S. in Finance and
Accounting from the Smith School of Business at the University of Maryland, where he was a member of Omicron Delta Kappa, an NCAA Academic
All American and Co-Captain of the men s varsity tennis team. He also completed a China Executive Residency at the Cheung Kong
Graduate School of Business in Beijing, China. Mr. Cerminara holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation. 

We
believe Mr. Cerminara is qualified to serve on our Board as he contributes his perspective as one of the Company s largest stockholders.
He also offers to the Board valuable insights obtained through his management and operational experience and extensive experience in
the financial industry, including investing, capital allocation, finance and financial analysis of public companies. 

Larry
G. Swets, Jr. has served as a member of our Board of Directors since November 2013 and served as our Chairman from March 2017
to May 2018. Mr. Swets has served as our Chief Executive Officer since November 2020 after serving as our interim Chief Executive Officer
from June 2020 to November 2020, through a consulting agreement with Itasca Financial LLC. 

Mr.
Swets has over 25 years of experience within financial services encompassing both non-executive and executive roles. Mr. Swets founded
Itasca Financial LLC, an advisory and investment firm, in 2005 and has served as its managing member since inception. Mr. Swets also
founded and is the President of Itasca Golf Managers, Inc., a management services and advisory firm focused on the real estate and hospitality
industries, in August 2018. Mr. Swets has also served as Chief Executive Officer of FG New America Acquisition II Corp., a special purpose
acquisition company in the process of going public and focused on merging with a company in the InsureTech, FinTech, broader financial
services and insurance sectors since February 2021. Mr. Swets is a member of the board of directors of FG Financial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:
FGF) since November 2013; GreenFirst Forest Products Inc. (TSXV: GFP), a public company focused on investments in the forest products
industry since June 2016; Harbor Custom Development, Inc. (Nasdaq: HCDI) since February 2020; FG Group Holdings, Inc. (NYSE American:
FGH) since October 2021; Ascension Illinois Foundation since March 2018; and Unbounded Media Corporation since June 2019. Mr. Swets is
also the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of FG Acquisition Corp. (TSX: FGAA.U), a Canadian special purpose
acquisition company that has completed its initial public offering and is focused on searching for a target company in the financial
services sector. In addition, Mr. Swets has served as chairman of the board of directors of FG Merger Corp. (NASDAQ: FGMC), a special
purpose acquisition company, since February 2022. 

61 

Previously,
Mr. Swets served as a Director and Chief Executive Officer of FG New America Acquisition Corp. (NYSE: FGNA), a special purpose acquisition
company which merged with OppFi Inc. (NYSE: OPFI), a leading financial technology platform that powers banks to help everyday consumers
gain access to credit, from July 2020 to July 2021. From April 2021 to December 2021, Mr. Swets also served as Senior Advisor to Aldel
Financial Inc., a special purpose acquisition company, which merged with Hagerty, Inc. (NYSE: HGTY), a leading specialty insurance provider
focused on the global automotive enthusiast market. Mr. Swets served as Chief Executive Officer of GreenFirst Forest Products Inc. (TSXV:
GFP) (formerly Itasca Capital Ltd.) from June 2016 to June 2021. Mr. Swets served as the Chief Executive Officer of Kingsway Financial
Services Inc. (NYSE: KFS) from July 2010 to September 2018, including as its President from July 2010 to March 2017. Mr. Swets served
as a director of Insurance Income Strategies Ltd. from October 2017 to December 2021. He also previously served as a member of the board
of directors of Limbach Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: LMB) from July 2016 to August 2021; Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (NYSE: KFS) from
September 2013 to December 2018; Atlas Financial Holdings, Inc. (OTC: AFHIF) from December 2010 to January 2018; FMG Acquisition Corp.
(Nasdaq: FMGQ) from May 2007 to September 2008; United Insurance Holdings Corp. from 2008 to March 2012; and Risk Enterprise Management
Ltd. from November 2007 to May 2012. 

Prior
to founding Itasca Financial LLC, Mr. Swets served as an insurance company executive and advisor, including the role of director of investments
and fixed income portfolio manager for Lumbermens Mutual Casualty Company, formerly known as Kemper Insurance Companies. Mr. Swets began
his career in insurance as an intern in the Kemper Scholar program in 1994. Mr. Swets earned a Master s Degree in Finance from
DePaul University in 1999 and a Bachelor s Degree from Valparaiso University in 1997. He is a member of the Young Presidents 
Organization and holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation. 

Dr.
Richard E. Govignon, Jr. was elected to our Board of Directors on December 15, 2021. Dr. Govignon, 44, has been a Partner of
Dnerus Financial, a family asset management company, since June 2021. Dr. Govignon has experience as a corporate director/trustee in
the U.S. and Canada and has been an investor in numerous businesses and partnerships across various industries. Dr. Govignon is also
a member of the board of directors of B-Scada, Inc. (OTC: SCDA), a company developing software and hardware products. Since January 2022,
Dr. Govignon has served as a director of Strong Global Entertainment, Inc., a United States corporation in the process of going public
focused on supplying screens and providing technical support services to the cinema exhibition industry, theme parks, and other entertainment-related
markets. Dr. Govignon also serves as a member of the board of directors of FG Acquisition Corp (TSX: FGAA.U) since April 2022. Dr. Govignon
served as a member of the board of directors of GreenFirst Forest Products, Inc. (TSXV: GFP) (formerly Itasca Capital Ltd.), a public
company focused on investments in the forest products industry, from January 2019 to December 2021. During his tenure as a GreenFirst
Forest Products, Inc. director, Dr. Govignon also served as a member of its audit committee. Previously, Dr. Govignon served as a Trustee
of the StrongVest ETF Trust from 2017 to 2019. Dr. Govignon has worked in the healthcare and pharmaceutical industry in various management
and pharmacy positions for over 20 years, most recently with ShopRite Pharmacy since 2022 and previously with CVS Health Corporation
(2022-2019 and from 2013-2017), with Acme Markets Inc. (2017-2019) and Rite Aid Corporation (2001-2013). Dr. Govignon received a Doctor
of Pharmacy from the University of the Sciences in Philadelphia and a Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy from the University of the Sciences
in Philadelphia. We believe Dr. Govignon s managerial experience and his experience in investing and financial analysis make him
qualified to serve on our Board of Directors. 

Rita
Hayes was appointed to our Board of Directors on January 11, 2019. Ms. Hayes has been Chair of Hayes International Advisors,
LLC since 2013, where she counsels industry and institutional leaders on a range of economic, political and regulatory matters. She served
as an expert for the International Chamber of Commerce s World Business Summit in 2008. Ms. Hayes served as Deputy U.S. Trade Representative
and Ambassador to the World Trade Organization (WTO), a post to which she was nominated by President Bill Clinton and unanimously confirmed
by the U.S. Senate, from November 1997 through August 2001, during which time she served as Acting U.S. Trade Representative from January
through March 2001. From 2001 through December 2006, she held the position of Deputy Director General of the World Intellectual Property
Organization (WIPO) to which she was approved by the 184 Member States. At the conclusion of her appointment at WIPO, she served as Senior
Advisor in Hogan Hartson LLP s Geneva, Switzerland office. Confirmed by the U.S. Senate in 1996, Ms. Hayes served from 1996
to 1997 as U.S. Chief Textile Negotiator in the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) in Washington, D.C. From 1983 to 1992,
Ms. Hayes served as Chief of Staff for two members of the U.S. Congress. Ms. Hayes received a Bachelor of Arts from the University of
Georgia, an honorary degree as Doctor of Humane Letters from the College of Charleston and an honorary degree as Doctorate of Outstanding
Public Service from the University of South Carolina. We believe Ms. Hayes extensive record of public and private service uniquely
qualifies her to serve on our Board of Directors. 

62 

E.
Gray Payne was elected to our Board of Directors on May 31, 2018. General Payne served as Senior Vice President of The Columbia
Group TCG from September 2010 to September 2017, where he was responsible for managing the Marine Corps Programs Division
(since September 2010) and the Navy Programs Division (since October 2013). TCG is a federal consulting firm working with the Department
of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and private cedents. TCG consults
in the areas of logistics, acquisitions, program management, information technology, training, marine architecture and engineering, and
command and control systems. Since December 2011, General Payne has also provided consulting services to and served on the Advisory Council
of Marstel-Day, LLC, located in Fredericksburg, Virginia, which consults in the areas of conservation, environmental compliance, and
encroachment. Prior to September 2010, General Payne was on active duty with the Marine Corps for 10 years, retiring as a Major General.
His three commands as a General Officer included the Marine Corps Mobilization Command, the Marine Corps Logistics Command, and the 4 th
 Marine Logistics Group. Prior to March 2001, he worked with a number of companies in various capacities, including as a management
consultant, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Executive Officer. General Payne currently serves on the Board
of Directors of BK Technologies Corporation (NYSE American: BKTI), a provider of communications equipment, since January 2017. He is
a prior chairman of the Board of the Marine Corps Association and Foundation and currently serves as a Director on the Boards of VetCV
(since December 2017) and the National Wildlife Refuge Association (since June 2018). He received a B.S. in Economics from North Carolina
State University and a M.S. in Strategic Studies from U.S. Army War College. A member of the National Association of Corporate Directors,
he has also earned the Professional Director designation from the American College of Corporate Directors. We believe General Payne s
40 years of service in the Marine Corps, as well as over 25 years of experience in the private sector in the areas of financial management,
operational improvement and strategic planning, qualify him to serve on our Board of Directors. 

Scott
D. Wollney was appointed to our Board of Directors on March 30, 2015. Since December 2010, Mr. Wollney has served as the President,
Chief Executive Officer and Director of Atlas Financial Holdings, Inc. Atlas (OTC: AFHIF), a specialty commercial automobile
insurance business, certain subsidiaries of which became subject to a liquidation order in the State of Illinois in August 2020, as previously
disclosed by Atlas. From July 2009 until December 2010, Mr. Wollney was President and Chief Executive Officer of Kingsway America Inc.
(KAI), a property and casualty holding company and subsidiary of Kingsway Financial Services Inc. From May 2008 to March 2009, he was
the President and Chief Executive Officer of Lincoln General Insurance Company (a subsidiary of KAI), a property and casualty insurance
company. Mr. Wollney co-founded Avalon Risk Management, Inc., an insurance broker, in 1998, and served as its President, from 2002 to
2008. Mr. Wollney has more than 30 years of experience in property and casualty insurance. During his tenure in the industry, Mr. Wollney
has held executive positions at both insurance companies, as well as brokerage operations. Mr. Wollney is a MBA graduate of Northwestern
University s Kellogg School of Management with a concentration in finance and management strategy and holds a Bachelor of Arts
degree from the University of Illinois. We believe Mr. Wollney s qualifications to serve on our Board of Directors include his
direct operating experience with respect to numerous disciplines which are critical to the insurance business. 

Hassan
R. Baqar has served as our Chief Financial Officer since August 2021 and Executive Vice President since December 2021, through
Sequoia Financial LLC Sequoia ), an advisory firm for which Mr. Baqar is managing member. 

Mr.
Baqar has over 20 years of experience within financial services focused on corporate development, mergers acquisitions, capital
raising, investments and real estate transactions. Mr. Baqar has served as Chief Financial Officer of FG New America Acquisition II Corp.,
a special purpose acquisition company in the process of going public and focused on merging with a company in the InsureTech, FinTech,
broader financial services and insurance sectors since February 2021, as a director of FG Merger Corp., a special purpose acquisition
company focused on merging with a company in the financial services sector since December 2021, as Chief Financial Officer of Insurance
Income Strategies Ltd., a former Bermuda based reinsurance company from October 2017 to December 2021, as a director of GreenFirst Forest
Products Inc. (TSXV: GFP) (formerly Itasca Capital Ltd.), a public company focused on investments in the forest products industry from
August 2019 to December 2021 and as Chief Financial Officer of GreenFirst Forest Products Inc. from June 2016 to December 2020, as a
director of FG Reinsurance Ltd., a Cayman Islands reinsurance company since June 2020, as director, treasurer and secretary of Sponsor
Protection Coverage and Risk, Inc., a South Carolina captive insurance company since October 2022, and as a director and Chief Financial
Officer of Unbounded Media Corporation since June 2019. Since October 2021, Mr. Baqar has also served as the Chief Financial Officer
and a member of the board of directors of FG Acquisition Corp. (TSX: FGAA.U), a Canadian special purpose acquisition company that has
completed its initial public offering and is focused on searching for a target company in the financial services sector. 

63 

Mr.
Baqar served as Chief Financial Officer for Aldel Financial Inc. (NYSE: ADF) from January 2021 to December 2021, a special purpose acquisition
company which merged with Hagerty, Inc. (NYSE: HGTY), a leading specialty insurance provider focused on the global automotive enthusiast
market. From July 2020 to July 2021, Mr. Baqar served as Chief Financial Officer of FG New America Acquisition Corp. (NYSE: FGNA), a
special purpose acquisition company which merged with OppFi Inc. (NYSE: OPFI), a leading financial technology platform that powers banks
to help everyday consumers gain access to credit. Previously, he served as Vice President of Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (NYSE:
KFS) Kingsway from January 2014 to January 2019 and as a Vice President of Kingsway s subsidiary Kingsway America
Inc. from January 2010 to January 2019. Mr. Baqar also served as Chief Financial Officer and director of 1347 Capital Corp. from April
2014 to July 2016, a special purpose acquisition company which merged with Limbach Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: LMB). Mr. Baqar served as
a member of the board of directors of FG Financial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: FGF) from October 2012 to May 2015. He also served as the Chief
Financial Officer of United Insurance Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ: UIHC), a property and casualty insurance holding company, from August 2011
to April 2012. 

His
previous experience also includes director of finance at Itasca Financial, LLC from 2008 to 2009 and positions held at Lumbermens Mutual
Casualty Company (a Kemper Insurance company), a diversified mutual property-casualty insurance provider, from June 2000 to April 2008,
where he most recently served as a senior analyst. Mr. Baqar earned a Master s Degree in Business Administration from Northeastern
Illinois University in 2009 and a Bachelor s Degree in Accounting and Business Administration from Monmouth College in 2000. He
also holds a Certified Public Accountant designation. 

Board
Diversity 

Board Diversity Matrix as of March 24, 2023 
 
 Total Number of Directors 
 6 

Female 

Male 

Non- 
 Binary 

Did
 not Disclose Gender 

Directors 

1 

5 

Demographic Information: 

African American or Black 

Alaskan or Native American 

Asian 

Hispanic or Latinx 

Native Hawaiian or Pacific
 Islander 

White 

1 

5 

Two or More Races or Ethnicities 

LGBTQ+ 

Persons with Disabilities 

1 

We
recognize the value of diversity at the Board level and believe that our Board currently comprises an appropriate mix of background,
diversity and expertise. In particular, we currently have a female director, and our directors, overall, have significant experience
in a variety of industries and sectors, including, among others, the insurance industry, the financial industry, military operations
and political and diplomatic operations. Although we have no formal separate written policy, our Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee is required under its charter to recommend nominees that ensure sufficient diversity of backgrounds on our Board. We believe
that the diversity of our directors enriches our Board by encouraging fresh perspectives and bringing new and valuable insights to the
Board. 

64 

Board
Meetings 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board of Directors held eight meetings. In 2022, no director attended fewer than 75 of the total
number of (i) meetings held by the Board of Directors during the period for which he or she was a director and (ii) meetings held by
all committees of the Board of Directors on which he or she served (during the period that the director served). Independent members
of our Board of Directors also meet in executive session without management present. 

Controlled
Company Status 

As
discussed under Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, FG and affiliated entities beneficially
own approximately 59.5 of our common stock as of March 24, 2023. As a result, we are a controlled company, or a company
of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, group or another company, under The
Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq rules. Controlled companies may elect not to comply with certain Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements, including regarding independence of their directors and board committees. Currently, we have not elected to
take advantage of these exemptions and are subject to the same governance standards as companies that are not controlled companies. 

Board
Leadership Structure 

Mr.
Cerminara serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors, and Mr. Swets is the Company s principal executive officer. 

The
Chairman of the Board typically presides at all meetings of the Board. The Chairman s role also includes providing feedback on
the direction and performance of the Company, setting the agenda of meetings of the Board of Directors and leading the Board of Directors
in anticipating and responding to changes in our business. 

Our
Board of Directors has not established a policy on whether the same person should serve as both the principal executive officer of the
Company and the Chairman of the Board or, if the roles are separate, whether the Chairman should be selected from the non-employee directors
or should be an employee. Our Board believes that it should have the flexibility to periodically determine the leadership structure that
it believes is best for the Company. Given the specific characteristics and circumstances of the Company, the Board believes that its
current leadership structure will enhance and facilitate the implementation of the Company s business strategy, including effective
monitoring and objective evaluation of the Chief Executive Officer s performance. Mr. Cerminara has been closely involved in developing
the Company s business strategy following the sale of our three insurance subsidiaries to FedNat Holding Company and has extensive
management experience, including having served as Chairman of the Board since May 2018. The Board believes that these qualities uniquely
qualify Mr. Cerminara to lead and facilitate informed Board discussions about the Company s policies and operations and enable
him to communicate effectively with the Board on strategic developments and other critical matters facing the Company, while also providing
oversight of the Chief Executive Officer. As Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Swets is also responsible for developing the Company s
business strategy and managing its day-to-day leadership and performance. 

The
Board has not appointed a lead independent director at this time. Currently, the Board consists of six directors, four of whom are independent.
All independent directors serve on one or more committees of the Board, are able to closely monitor the activities of the Company and
meet in executive sessions without management present to discuss the Company s business strategy and operations. Given the active
involvement of all of the independent directors in the Company s matters, the Board has determined that a lead independent director
is not necessary at this time. Additionally, because the Company s Chairman is appointed annually by the Company s non-management
directors, such directors are able to evaluate the leadership and performance of the Chairman each year. 

65 

Risk
Oversight 

Our
Board is actively involved in oversight of risks that could affect the Company. This oversight is conducted primarily through the three
standing committees of the Board, as disclosed in the descriptions of each of the committees herein, and in the charters of each of the
committees, but the full Board has retained responsibility for overall supervision of risk management efforts as they relate to the key
business risks we face. Management identifies, assesses and manages the risks most critical to our operations and routinely advises our
Board regarding those matters. Areas of material risk may include operational, financial, legal and regulatory, human capital, information
technology and security, and strategic and reputational risks. In addition, in connection with the COVID-19 coronavirus outbreak, the
Board and management have focused on our efforts to mitigate associated financial and human capital management risk exposures. Our Board
satisfies its oversight responsibility through full reports by each committee chair regarding the applicable committee s considerations
and actions, as well as through regular reports directly from members of management responsible for oversight of particular risks within
the Company. The Audit Committee considers and discusses financial risk exposures. The Compensation and Management Resources Committee
assesses and monitors whether any of the Company s compensation policies and programs have the potential to encourage excessive
risk-taking. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee monitors the effectiveness of the Company s corporate governance
policies and the selection of prospective board members and their qualifications. In addition, General Payne, as the chair of the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee, takes an active role in corporate governance matters. The Board believes that the leadership structure
described above facilitates the Board s oversight of risks because it allows the Board, working through its committees, to participate
actively in the oversight of management actions. The Board believes that its role in risk oversight does not affect the Board s
leadership structure. 

Like
all businesses, we also face threats to our cybersecurity, as we are reliant upon information systems and the internet to conduct our
business activities. In light of the pervasive and increasing threat from cyberattacks, the Audit Committee, with input from management,
assesses the Company s cybersecurity and other information technology risks and threats and the measures implemented by the Company
to mitigate and prevent cyberattacks, and the Board receives periodic reports on the Company s cybersecurity program. 

Hedging
and Pledging Policy 

Under
the Company s Insider Trading Policy, all directors, officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries are prohibited
from engaging in any hedging transactions involving Company securities or equity securities of any subsidiaries of the Company, holding
Company securities in a margin account or pledging Company securities as collateral. 

Policy
Concerning Director Attendance at Annual Stockholders Meetings 

There
is no formal policy as to Director attendance at annual stockholders meetings. Ms. Hayes, as well as Messrs. Cerminara, Payne,
Swets, Wollney, and Govignon, attended the 2022 Annual Stockholders Meeting held on August 23, 2022. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics applicable to all officers, employees and directors of the Company. Our code of ethics has been posted
on our corporate website: www.fgfinancial.com under the heading Governance Documents. 

66 

Board
Committees and Committee Member Independence 

Our
Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation and Management Resources Committee, and a Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee. The composition of each committee is outlined in the table and footnote below. Our Board of Directors utilizes
the Nasdaq rules and independence standards in determining whether its members are independent. 

Audit
 Committee 
 
 Compensation
 and 
 Management
 
 Resources
 Committee 
 
 Nominating
 and 
 Corporate
 
 Governance 
 Committee 
 
 Scott D. Wollney 
 
 C 
 
 X 
 
 X 
 
 E. Gray Payne 
 
 X 
 
 C 
 
 C 
 
 Rita Hayes 

X 
 
 Richard E. Govignon, Jr. 
 
 X 

C 
 
 Indicates
 committee chair. 

The
following is a summary of the respective responsibilities of the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Management Resources Committee,
and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The Board of Directors has approved and adopted a written charter for each of
the committees listed, copies of which are posted on the Company s website at www.fgfinancial.com , under the heading Governance
Documents. The Board of Directors may also establish from time to time any other committees that it deems necessary or desirable.
Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by the Board of Directors. 

Audit
Committee 

The Audit Committee was appointed by the Board of Directors to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities
with respect to the integrity of the Company s financial statements, the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements,
the external auditor s qualifications, independence, and performance, and the performance of the Company s internal audit
function. The Audit Committee s primary duties and responsibilities are to: 

Oversee the accounting
 and financial reporting processes of the Company and the audits of the financial statements of the Company. 

Identify and monitor the
 management of the principal risks that could impact the financial reporting of the Company. 

Monitor the integrity of
 the Company s financial reporting process and system of internal controls regarding financial reporting and accounting appropriateness
 and compliance. 

Provide oversight of the
 qualifications, independence and performance of the Company s external auditors and the appointed actuary. 

Provide an avenue of communication
 among the external auditors, the appointed actuary, management and the Board. 

Review the annual audited
 and quarterly financial statements with management and the external auditors. 

The
Audit Committee is also responsible for discussing policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including regularly
reviewing the Company s cybersecurity and other information technology risks, controls and procedures and the Company s plans
to mitigate cybersecurity risks and respond to data breaches. 

Audit
committee members must meet the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), the independence requirements of the Nasdaq listing standards and all other applicable rules and regulations. Each member
of the Audit Committee is independent and satisfies the applicable requirements for Audit Committee membership under Rule 10A-3 under
the Exchange Act and the Nasdaq rules. The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Wollney is the audit committee financial
expert, as that term is defined in SEC regulations. The Audit Committee held six meetings during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

67 

Compensation
and Management Resources Committee 

The primary purpose of the Compensation and Management Resources Committee, (the Compensation
Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in discharging its responsibilities with respect to compensation of the Company s
executive officers and subsidiary presidents and to provide recommendations to the Board in connection with directors compensation.
The Compensation Committee s primary duties and responsibilities are to: 

Develop guidelines for
 and determine the compensation and performance of the executive officers of the Company (in the case of the Chief Executive Officer s
 compensation, without the Chief Executive Officer being present). 

Recommend to the Board
 incentive and equity-based plans and administer such plans, oversee compliance with the requirements under the Nasdaq listing standards
 that stockholders of the Company approve equity incentive plans (with limited exceptions under such standards), and approve grants
 of equity and equity-based awards. 

Review any recommendations
 from the Chief Executive Officer with respect to compensation for the other executive officers, including benefits and perquisites,
 incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans for recommendation to the Board. 

Oversee risks relating
 to the Company s compensation policies, practices and procedures. 

Review and discuss with
 management the proxy disclosures regarding executive compensation required to be included in the Company s proxy statement
 and periodic reports with the SEC, each in accordance with applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and other authority. 

Evaluate the results of
 the stockholder advisory vote on executive compensation when held. 

Review director compensation
 levels and practices, and recommend, from time to time, changes in such compensation levels and practices to Board with equity ownership
 in the Company encouraged. 

The
Compensation Committee receives input and recommendations from the Company s executive officers (except with respect to such executive
officer s own compensation) but is not bound by such recommendations. These recommendations are generally based on each executive
officer s individual performance as well as his knowledge of each executive officer s job responsibilities, seniority, expected
contributions and his understanding of the competitive market for such executives. Each Compensation Committee member is independent
and satisfies the applicable requirements for Compensation Committee membership under the Nasdaq rules and is a non-employee director 
as defined in Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. The Compensation Committee held four meetings during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The purpose of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the Nominating Committee is to: 

Identify, evaluate and
 recommend individuals qualified to become members of the Board of Directors, consistent with criteria approved by the Board of Directors. 

Select, or recommend that
 the Board select the director nominees to stand for election at each annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Company in
 which directors will be elected or to fill vacancies on the Board. 

Develop and recommend to
 the Board a set of corporate governance principles applicable to the Company, as the Committee deems appropriate. 

Oversee the annual performance
 evaluation of the Board and its committees and management. 

Otherwise take a leadership
 role in shaping and providing oversight of the corporate governance of the Company, including recommending directors eligible to
 serve on all committees of the Board. 

Each
Nominating Committee member is independent under the Nasdaq rules. The Nominating Committee held one meeting during the year ended December
31, 2022. 

68 

Although
the Nominating Committee has not formulated any specific minimum qualifications that the committee believes must be met by a director-nominee
that the committee recommends to the Board, the factors it will take into account will include judgement, skill, diversity, experiences
with businesses and other organizations of comparable size and scope, the interplay of the candidate s experience with the experience
of other directors, and the extent to which the candidate would be a desirable addition to the Board of Directors and any committees
of the Board. The Nominating Committee may engage consultants or third-party search firms to assist in identifying and evaluating potential
nominees and may also seek referrals from other members of the Board, management, stockholders and other sources. Evaluations of candidates
generally involve a review of background materials, internal discussions and interviews with selected candidates, as appropriate. Upon
selection of a qualified candidate, the Nominating Committee recommends the candidate for consideration by the full Board. 

The
Nominating Committee will consider recommendations for directorships submitted by stockholders. Stockholders wishing to propose director
candidates for consideration by the Nominating Committee may do so by writing to the Corporate Secretary of the Company and providing
the information concerning the nominee and his or her proponent(s) as required by the Company s By-Laws. The By-Laws set forth
further requirements for stockholders wishing to nominate director candidates for consideration at a stockholders meeting including,
among other things, that a stockholder must give timely written notice of such a nomination to the Corporate Secretary of the Company.
Candidates recommended by stockholders will be given the same consideration as all other candidates. 

Stockholder
Communications with the Board 

Stockholders
may communicate with the full Board or individual directors by submitting such communications in writing to FG Financial Group, Inc.,104
S. Walnut Street., Suite 1A, Itasca, IL 60143. The Company s management will forward such correspondence, as appropriate. Complaints
or concerns relating to our financial reporting, accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing will be referred to the Chairman
of our Audit Committee. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Under
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, our executive officers, directors, and persons who own greater than 10 of our common stock (the Section
16 Reporting Persons of the Company must file a Form 4 reporting the acquisition or disposition of the Company s equity
securities with the SEC no later than the end of the second business day after the day the transaction occurred unless certain exceptions
apply. Transactions not reported on Form 4 must be reported on Form 5 within 45 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year.
Such persons must also file initial reports of ownership on Form 3 upon becoming an executive officer, director, or greater-than-10 
stockholder. Based solely on our review of the copies of such reports and representations that no other reports were required, we believe
that all Section 16 filing requirements applicable to our Section 16 Reporting Persons were timely complied with during 2022. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Our
named executive officers for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 include Larry G. Swets, Jr., our President and Chief Executive Officer,
Hassan R. Baqar, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Brian D. Bottjer, our former Senior Vice President, Chief
Accounting Officer, and Secretary. 

With
respect to executive compensation, the primary goal of the Compensation Committee is to retain and motivate highly skilled executives
by aligning their pay with the Company s performance and stockholder returns. Our compensation consists primarily of five components:
(i) base salary, (ii) a discretionary cash bonus, (iii) equity-based incentive awards, (iv) retirement benefits in the form of Company
paid matching and profit sharing contributions to the Company s 401(k) retirement plan, and (v) premiums paid by the Company on
the behalf of our employees for health, dental, life and other ancillary insurance coverage. 

69 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table summarizes the compensation for our named executive officers for the years shown. 

Name
 and Principal
 Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) (2) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Larry G. Swets, Jr. (1) 
 2022 
 550,000 
 384,000 
 54,768 
 624,768 
 
 President Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 550,000 
 165,000 
 106,248 
 821,248 
 
 Hassan R Baqar 3 
 2022 
 
 384,000 
 480,000 
 500,000 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 

289,359 
 289,359 
 
 Brian D. Bottjer (4) 
 2022 
 125,371 
 - 
 21,433 
 146,804 
 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Secretary 
 2021 
 221,212 
 30,000 
 32,780 
 283,992 
 
 John S. Hill (5) 
 2022 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 172,260 
 
 342,385 
 514,645 

(1) 
 All other compensation
 for Mr. Swets represents amounts paid by the Company for 401(k) matching contributions, as well as premiums for medical, dental,
 life and other ancillary insurance benefits provided to Mr. Swets. 

(2) 
 Cash bonuses for 2022 represent performance bonuses approved by the Compensation
Committee on February 17, 2023 in the amount of 20,000 to both Mr. Swets and Mr. Baqar. As of the date of this filing, the Company had
not yet paid cash bonuses related to 2022 performance. Effective February 17, 2023, the Company approved
130,000 restricted stock units to be granted to Mr. Swets and 130,000 restricted stock units to be granted to Mr. Baqar, based upon 2022
performance, subject to vesting terms. On the date of the grant, the units had a fair market value of 364,000. As of the date of this
filing, the Company had not yet issued the restricted stock units. Cash bonuses for 2021 represent performance bonuses approved
by the Compensation Committee on December 17, 2021 and paid to Messrs. Swets and Bottjer on January 15, 2022. 

(3) 
 Mr. Baqar has served as
 a consultant to the Company since February 2019, through Sequoia Financial LLC Sequoia ), an advisory firm for which
 Mr. Baqar is managing member, at a rate of 10,833 per month, which also included a bonus of 75,000 related to the successful completion
 of the licensing process for the Company s insurance subsidiary. Effective August 11, 2021, the Company entered into the Second
 Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement (the MSA between the Company and Sequoia. The MSA provides that
 Mr. Baqar will act as the Company s Chief Financial Officer and will perform services and duties as required by the Company s
 Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, to whom he shall report. In consideration for the services, the Company has agreed
 to pay Sequoia 40,000 per month during the term of the MSA, included in the table as other compensation. 

(4) 
 Effective May 26, 2022,
 Mr. Bottjer resigned from his positions as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Secretary of the Company. All other
 compensation for Mr. Bottjer represents amounts paid by the Company for 401(k) match, as well as premiums paid for medical, dental,
 life and other ancillary insurance benefits provided to Mr. Bottjer. 

(5) 
 All other compensation
 for 2021 represents amounts paid by the Company for 401(k) match, medical, dental, life and other ancillary insurance benefits provided
 to Mr. Hill, and one private business membership to encourage entertainment of business colleagues and customers, interactions with
 others within professional, business, and local communities and holding business meetings at a convenient offsite location. For 2021,
 all other compensation is as follows: 401(k) match, medical, dental, life, and other ancillary insurance benefits, 40,669; private
 business membership, 1,716; and severance of 300,000. Pursuant to a separation agreement and general release entered into between
 the Company and Mr. Hill, the Company agreed to pay severance to Mr. Hill in the amount of 300,000, of which 99,000 was paid bi-monthly
 from August 6, 2021, through December 31, 2021, with the remainder, or 201,000 paid, in lump-sum on January 15, 2022. 

70 

Executive
Officer Appointments and Employment Agreements 

Effective
December 2, 2019, the Board promoted Mr. Bottjer to Senior Vice President and Controller of the Company. The employment agreement provided
for an annual base salary of 250,000 to Mr. Bottjer, effective upon his appointment to Chief Accounting Officer on July 29, 2021. Pursuant
to his employee agreement, Mr. Bottjer became eligible to receive an annual bonus, payable in cash and/or through awards based on the
equity in the Company, and subject to the achievement of the performance criteria, as determined by the Compensation Committee. Mr. Bottjer
is also eligible to participate in the Company s benefit programs available generally to executive employees of the Company. 

In
the event Mr. Bottjer is terminated by the Company without cause, the Company will pay him an amount equal to 12 months of his base salary
in effect at the time of the termination or the original base salary set forth in the Employment Agreement, whichever is greater, over
12 months, in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices. If Mr. Bottjer is terminated for cause or voluntarily resigns,
he will not be entitled to any severance under the Employment Agreement. For purposes of his Employment Agreement, cause 
exists if Mr. Bottjer (i) acts dishonestly or engages in willful misconduct, (ii) breaches his fiduciary duties, (iii) intentionally
fails to perform duties assigned to him, (iv) is convicted or enters a plea of guilty or nolo contendere with respect to any felony crime
involving dishonesty or moral turpitude or (v) breaches his obligations under the Employment Agreement. The Employment Agreement contains
customary non-competition and non-solicitation covenants. 

Effective
May 26, 2022, Mr. Bottjer resigned from his positions as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Secretary of the Company. 

Effective
August 6, 2021, Mr. Hill retired from all positions with the Company. Pursuant to a separation agreement and general release entered
into between the Company and Mr. Hill, the Company agreed to pay severance to Mr. Hill in the amount of 300,000, of which 99,000 was
paid bi-monthly from August 6, 2021 through December 31, 2021, with the remainder, or 201,000 paid, in lump-sum on January 15, 2022.
The Company also agreed to cover the cost of health insurance coverage for Mr. Hill through December 31, 2021. Also, on August 6, 2021,
the Compensation Committee of the Board approved the immediate vesting of 17,400 RSUs previously granted to Mr. Hill. Furthermore, on
August 13, 2021, the Company paid to Mr. Hill approximately 16,000, representing the balance of his unused vacation time. 

On
June 18, 2020, the Company entered into a consulting agreement (the Consulting Agreement with Itasca Financial LLC Itasca
Financial ), an advisory and investment firm founded by Mr. Swets in 2005, pursuant to which Mr. Swets would provide the services
described on behalf of Itasca Financial. The Consulting Agreement provided that Mr. Swets act as the Company s Interim Chief Executive
Officer. In consideration for the services, the Company paid Itasca Financial 111,333 during the term of the Consulting Agreement. The
Consulting Agreement was terminated on November 10, 2020, with Mr. Swets appointment as CEO. 

In
connection with Mr. Swets appointment as CEO, the Company entered into an executive employment agreement with Mr. Swets, dated
and effective as of November 10, 2020 (the Swets Agreement ). The Swets Agreement has a three-year term and is subject to
automatic three-year renewals, unless either party provides 60 days prior written notice of his or its intention, as applicable,
not to renew such term. Under the Swets Agreement, Mr. Swets is entitled to an annual base salary of 550,000 until such time as the
Board determines future compensation based on Swets performance or other merit-based criteria. 

In
the event that the Company terminates Mr. Swets without cause, subject to Mr. Swets execution of a general release of waiver and
claims in favor of the Company and such general release becoming fully irrevocable, Mr. Swets will be entitled to severance consisting
of two years of annual base salary continuation and benefits continuation to the extent permitted by, and in accordance with, the Company s
applicable health and welfare plans. In the event that the parties mutually agree to terminate Mr. Swets employment regardless
of the reason, subject to Mr. Swets execution of a general release and such general release s becoming fully irrevocable,
Mr. Swets will be entitled to severance consisting of one year of annual base salary continuation and benefits continuation to the extent
permitted by, and in accordance with, the Company s applicable health and welfare plans. The Swets Agreement also provides that
Mr. Swets is subject to post-termination confidentiality covenants. 

71 

On
January 18, 2021, Company entered into an Equity Award Letter Agreement (the Letter Agreement with Mr. Swets, pursuant
to which the Company clarified its intention to grant an additional 370,000 stock options, restricted shares or restricted stock units
pursuant to a future award (the Future Award ), subject to the approval of an amended and/or new equity plan, among other
conditions. Specifically, under the Letter Agreement, no such Future Award may be granted until there is a determination by the Compensation
Committee of the specific vesting and other terms of the award, and an amended and/or new equity plan, in a form to be prepared and reviewed
by the Board, has been approved by the Board and stockholders of the Company that authorizes a sufficient number of shares of common
stock to make such Future Award. 

Mr.
Swets will remain a director of the Company if he is continued to be elected by its stockholders and will forgo the compensation of board
fees while serving as CEO. 

Mr.
Baqar had served as a consultant to the Company since February 2019 through Sequoia, an advisory firm for which Mr. Baqar is managing
member, at a rate of 10,833 per month. Effective August 6, 2021, Mr. Baqar, was appointed our Chief Financial Officer pursuant to the
MSA agreement. In consideration for these services, the Company has agreed to pay Sequoia 40,000 per month during the term of the MSA.
The initial term of the MSA is twelve months unless terminated earlier as described below. Unless either party to the MSA provides the
other with ninety days written notice, the MSA will renew for a subsequent twelve-month period. If the MSA is terminated by Mr. Baqar
for Good Reason, payment for the remainder of the full term will be provided in lump sum to Mr. Baqar at the time of termination.
The Company may terminate the MSA for Cause, at any time upon fifteen days prior written notice. Upon termination
by the Company for Cause, payment will stop immediately upon the effective date of termination. If the Agreement is terminated by either
party without Cause or Good Reason prior to the end of the term, payment for the remainder of the term will be provided to Mr. Baqar
subject to a maximum of three months. 

In
addition, the Company shall pay all of Mr. Baqar s reasonable expenses associated with the performance of the duties as Chief Financial
Officer. 

The
MSA contains a customary confidentiality provision and a six-month post-termination of the MSA restriction against both soliciting employees
and independent contractors of the Company and inducing them to terminate their relationship with the Company. 

Cash
Bonuses 

On
January 15, 2022, the Company paid bonuses in the amount of 165,000 to Mr. Swets and 30,000 to Mr. Bottjer based upon performance in
2021. The bonuses were approved by the Compensation Committee on December 17, 2021. On February 17, 2023 the Compensation Committee approved
cash bonuses in the amount of 20,000 to both Mr. Swets and Mr. Baqar, based upon performance in 2022. As of the date of this filing,
the Company had not yet paid the cash bonuses to Mr. Swets or Mr. Baqar. 

Share
Bonuses 

Effective February 17, 2023, the Company approved 130,000
restricted stock units to be granted to Mr. Swets and 130,000 restricted stock units to be granted to Mr. Baqar, based upon 2022 performance,
subject to vesting terms. On the date of the grant, the units had a fair market value of 364,000. As of the date of this filing, the
Company had not yet issued the restricted stock units. 

Retirement
Benefits 

The
Company matches the contributions of each of its employees to the Company s 401(k) Plan. Matching contributions equal 100 of the
first 3 of pay and 50 of the next 2 of pay to the extent such contributions are not in excess of the Internal Revenue Code limits
on contributions to Section 401(k) plans. Under the 401(k) Plan, the Company may make additional matching contributions or other profit-sharing
contributions at its discretion. There were no discretionary contributions in 2021 or 2022. 

72 

2021
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
December 15, 2021, our stockholders approved the FG Financial Group, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). The
2021 Plan replaced the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan ). No new awards will be granted under the 2018 Plan. 

The
purpose of the 2021 Plan is to attract and retain directors, consultants, officers and other key employees of the Company and its subsidiaries
and to provide to such persons incentives and rewards for superior performance. The 2021 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee
and has a term of ten years. All non-employee directors of the Company and employees and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries
designated by the Compensation Committee are eligible to participate in the 2021 Plan and to receive awards, including stock options
(which may be incentive stock options or nonqualified stock options), stock appreciation rights (SARs), restricted shares, restricted
share units and other share-based awards. 

The
maximum number of shares that may be issued or transferred with respect to awards under the 2021 Plan is 1,500,000 shares, subject to
adjustment in certain circumstances as described below. Shares issued under the 2021 Plan may include authorized but unissued shares,
treasury shares, shares purchased in the open market, or a combination of the foregoing. 

Shares
underlying awards that are settled in cash or that terminate or are forfeited, cancelled, or surrendered without the issuance of shares
generally will again be available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. However, shares used to pay the exercise price of stock options,
shares repurchased by the Company with stock option proceeds, and shares used to pay withholding taxes upon exercise, vesting or payment
of an award, will not be added back to the share reserve under the 2021 Plan. In addition, when a SAR is exercised and settled in shares,
all of the shares underlying the SAR will be counted against the share limit of the 2021 Plan, regardless of the number of shares used
to settle the SAR. 

Shares
subject to awards that are granted in assumption of, or in substitution or exchange for, outstanding awards previously granted by an
entity acquired directly or indirectly by the Company will not count against the share limit above, except as may be required by the
rules and regulations of any stock exchange or trading market. The 2021 Plan provides that the aggregate grant date fair value of all
awards granted to any single non-employee director during any single calendar year (determined as of the applicable grant date(s) under
applicable financial accounting rules), taken together with any cash fees paid to the non-employee director during the same calendar
year, may not exceed 200,000. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022, the number of shares of common stock underlying awards outstanding under the 2021
Plan, the 2018 Plan, and the Company s Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 2014 Plan ), as well as the
number of shares remaining available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. No more awards may be made under the 2018 Plan or the 2014 Plan. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) 
 Weighted-
average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (2) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 477,880 
 
 1,233,446 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 477,880 
 
 1,233,446 

1. 
 Includes 3,999 common shares
 to be issued upon vesting of restricted stock units issued under our 2014 Plan; includes 77,327 common shares to be issued upon vesting
 of restricted stock units and 130,000 common shares to be issued upon vesting of stock options issued under our 2018 Plan; and includes
 266,554 common shares to be issued upon vesting of restricted stock units issued under our 2021 Plan. 

2. 
 Represents shares available
 for future issuance under the 2021 Plan. 

73 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table shows the number of outstanding equity awards that are held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022.
Messrs. Bottjer and Baqar did not hold any equity awards as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Option awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of shares of common stock underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable 
 Number
of shares of common stock underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Number
 of securities underlying unexercised unearned options (#) 
 Option exercise price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Larry G. Swets, Jr. 
 130,000 (1) 

3.38 
 01/11/2031 

(1) 
 The
 option vests with respect to 20 of the total number of shares covered thereby on each of the first five anniversaries of the grant
 date, which was January 12, 2021, if Mr. Swets remains in the Company s continuous service through each applicable vesting
 date, and the Company s book value per share has increased by 15 from the previous year. 
 
 On
 January 18, 2021, the Company entered into the Letter Agreement with Mr. Swets, pursuant to which the Company clarified its
 intention to grant an additional 370,000 stock options, restricted shares or restricted stock units pursuant to a future award subject
 to the approval of an amended and/or new equity plan, among other conditions. 

Potential
Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 

Employment
Agreements 

The
Employment Agreements between the Company and each of Messrs. Swets and Bottjer provide for payments by the Company in connection with
a termination of employment. 

In
the event Messrs. Swets or Bottjer is terminated by the Company without cause, then the Company will pay Messrs. Swets or Bottjer, as
applicable, 24 months and 12 months, respectively, of base salary in effect at the time of the termination or the original base salary
set forth in the Employment Agreement, whichever is greater, payable by the Company over a 24-month (in the case of Mr. Swets) or 12-month
(in the case of Mr. Bottjer) period in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices. If Messrs. Swets or Bottjer is terminated
for cause or voluntarily resigns, he will not be entitled to any severance under the Employment Agreement. For purposes of their respective
Employment Agreements, cause will exist if Messrs. Swets or Bottjer (i) acts dishonestly or engages in willful misconduct,
(ii) breaches his fiduciary duties, (iii) intentionally fails to perform duties assigned to him, (iv) is convicted or enters a plea of
guilty or nolo contendere with respect to any felony crime involving dishonesty or moral turpitude, and/or (v) breaches his obligations
under the Employment Agreement. Furthermore, cause will exist under Mr. Swets employment agreement if Mr. Swets 
refuses to follow the written direction of the Board, unless such directions are, in the reasonable written opinion of legal counsel,
illegal or in violation of applicable law. 

74 

In
connection with Mr. Bottjer s resignation effective May 26, 2022, the employment agreement which previously existed between the
Company and Mr. Bottjer was terminated. 

In
connection with Mr. Hill s retirement effective August 6, 2021, and a separation and general release entered into between the Company
and Mr. Hill, the employment agreement which previously existed between the Company and Mr. Hill was terminated. 

Equity
Incentive Plans 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had equity grants outstanding under each of its 2021, 2018 and 2014 Plans. Each of the plans contain
certain provisions concerning the vesting and termination of equity awards granted under the plans upon a termination of employment or
upon a change in control. The Company s award agreements entered into under each plan also contain provisions concerning the vesting
and termination of the RSUs granted thereunder. 

2021
and 2018 Plans 

The
2021 and 2018 Plan each generally provides for double-trigger vesting of equity awards in connection with a change in control
of the Company, as described below. 

To
the extent that outstanding awards granted under either Plan are assumed in connection with a change in control, then, except as otherwise
provided in the applicable award agreement or in another written agreement with the participant, all outstanding awards will continue
to vest and become exercisable (as applicable) based on continued service during the remaining vesting period, with performance-based
awards being converted to service-based awards at the target level. Vesting and exercisability (as applicable) of awards
that are assumed in connection with a change in control generally would be accelerated in full on a double-trigger basis,
if, within two years after the change in control, the participant s employment is involuntarily terminated without cause ,
or by the participant for good reason . Any stock options or SARs that become vested on a double-trigger basis
generally would remain exercisable for the full duration of the term of the applicable award. 

To
the extent outstanding awards granted under either Plan are not assumed in connection with a change in control, then such awards generally
would become vested in full on a single-trigger basis, effective immediately prior to the change in control, with performance-based
awards becoming vested at the target level. Any stock options or SARs that become vested on a single-trigger 
basis generally would remain exercisable for the full duration of the term of the applicable award. 

The
Compensation Committee has discretion to determine whether any outstanding awards granted under each Plan will be assumed by the resulting
entity in connection with a change in control, and the Compensation Committee has the authority to make appropriate adjustments in connection
with the assumption of any awards. The Compensation Committee also has the right to cancel any outstanding awards in connection with
a change in control, in exchange for a payment in cash or other property (including shares of the resulting entity) in an amount equal
to the excess of the fair market value of the shares subject to the award over any exercise price related to the award, including the
right to cancel any underwater stock options and SARs without payment therefor. 

For
purposes of the Plans, a change in control generally includes (a) the acquisition of 50 or more of the company s
common stock; (b) a reorganization, merger, consolidation or similar transaction, or a sale of substantially all of the Company s
assets; or (c) the complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 

75 

Whether
a participant s employment has been terminated for cause will be determined by the Company. Unless otherwise provided
in the applicable award agreement or in an another written agreement with the participant, cause , as a reason for termination
of a participant s employment generally includes (a) an intentional act of fraud, embezzlement, theft or any other illegal or unethical
act in connection with the performance of the participant s duties to the Company or a subsidiary that the Company determines,
acting in good faith, has materially injured or is highly likely to materially injure the Company, or any other terminable offense under
the Company s policies and practices; (b) intentional damage to the Company s (or a subsidiary s) assets; (c) conviction
of (or plea of nolo contendere to) any felony or other crime involving moral turpitude; (d) improper, willful and material disclosure
or use of the Company s (or a subsidiary s) confidential information or other willful material breach of the participant s
duty of loyalty to the Company or a subsidiary; (e) a willful, material violation of the Company s policies and procedures as set
out in its employee handbook or a material violation of the Company s code of conduct that the Company determines, acting in good
faith, has materially injured or is highly likely to materially injure the Company, monetarily or otherwise; or (f) the participant s
willful failure or refusal to follow the lawful and good faith directions of the Company or a subsidiary. 

For
purposes of the Plans, unless otherwise provided in the applicable award agreement or in an another written agreement with the participant,
 good reason generally includes (a) the assignment to the participant of any duties that are materially inconsistent with
the Participant s duties or responsibilities as assigned by the Company or a subsidiary, or any other action by the Company or
a subsidiary that results in a material diminution in of the participant s duties or responsibilities, unless remedied by the Company
promptly after receipt of notice from the participant; or (b) any material failure by the Company or a subsidiary to comply with its
agreed obligations to the participant, other than an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent failure which is remedied by the Company
promptly after receipt of notice from the Participant. 

The
award agreements entered into under the 2021 Plan and 2018 Plan also contain provisions concerning the vesting and termination of the
awards subject to the agreements. Under the 2018 Plan, except as described above with respect to a change in control, un-exercisable
stock options, unless otherwise provided in the applicable award agreement, are generally forfeited automatically upon termination of
employment prior to a vesting date, unless (i) the Compensation Committee, in its discretion, provides for the full or partial acceleration
of vesting and exercisability of the option in connection with the termination, or (ii) the termination is due to the grantee s
death or disability, in which case the unvested options will automatically become vested and exercisable upon termination. The stock
options that are exercisable at the time of termination of employment expire (a) twelve months after the termination of employment by
reason of death or disability or (b) three months after the termination of employment for other reasons. Upon the termination of a grantee s
employment for cause (as defined under the 2018 Plan), all of the grantee s vested and unvested options automatically terminate.
Under each Plan, with respect to unvested restricted shares and RSUs, unless otherwise provided in the applicable award agreement, unvested
restricted shares and restricted share units that have not yet vested are generally forfeited automatically in the event of the termination
of the grantee s employment for any reason prior to a vesting date, unless (i) the Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion,
provides for the full or partial acceleration of vesting of the restricted shares or restricted share units, as applicable, in connection
with the termination, or (ii) the termination is due to the grantee s death or disability, in which case the unvested restricted
shares or restricted share units, as applicable, will automatically become vested in full. 

The
Compensation Committee has discretion to determine the form, amount and timing of each award granted under the 2021 Plan and all other
terms and conditions of the award, including, without limitation, the form of the agreement evidencing the award. As such, future awards
granted under the 2021 Plan may be subject to additional terms providing for accelerated vesting, pay outs or termination of the award
upon a termination of employment or a change in control of the Company. 

76 

Amended
and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 

Under
the 2014 Plan, upon a change in control of the Company, our Board of Directors (as constituted immediately prior to such change in control)
may, in its discretion, (i) require that shares of the Company resulting from such change in control, or a parent corporation thereof,
be substituted for some or all of the common shares subject to an outstanding award granted under the 2014 Plan, with an appropriate
and equitable adjustment as shall be determined by the Board, and/or (ii) require outstanding awards granted under the 2014 Plan, in
whole or in part, to be surrendered to the Company by the holder, and to be immediately cancelled by the Company, and to provide for
the holder to receive: (1) a cash payment in an amount equal to the aggregate number of common shares then subject to the portion of
any stock option surrendered multiplied by the excess, if any, of the fair market value (as defined under the 2014 Plan) of a common
share as of the date of the change in control, over the exercise price per common share subject to such stock option; (2) shares of capital
stock of the corporation resulting from or succeeding to the business of the Company pursuant to such change in control, or a parent
corporation thereof, having a fair market value not less than the amount determined under clause (1) above; or (3) a combination of the
payment of cash pursuant to clause (1) above and the issuance of shares pursuant to clause (2) above. 

A
 change in control under the 2014 Plan generally means (i) the acquisition by any individual, entity or group of beneficial
ownership of 50 or more of the then outstanding common shares or the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the
Company, with certain exceptions; (ii) the consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or sale or other disposition of
all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, unless (A) the Company s current beneficial owners retain more than 50 
of the Company s outstanding shares and combined voting power following such transaction, (B) no new individual entity or group
will beneficially own 50 or more of the Company s outstanding shares or combined voting power following such transaction, or (C)
current members of the Board will constitute at least a majority of the board following such transaction; or (iii) the consummation of
a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 

The
Company has RSU awards outstanding that were issued under the 2014 Plan and no outstanding stock option awards. The Company s RSU
agreements entered into with Mr. Hill and non-employee directors under the 2014 Plan generally provide that the RSUs granted thereunder
remain restricted until the applicable vesting date set forth in the agreement. In the event the grantee s employment with the
Company or service on the Company s board of directors, as applicable, is terminated due to the grantee s death or disability
(as defined under the 2014 Plan) prior to one or more of the vesting dates, all unvested RSUs will vest as of the date of death or the
date the grantee is determined to be experiencing a disability. In addition, in the event the grantee s employment with the Company
or service on the Company s board of directors, as applicable, is terminated by the Company or by the grantee for any reason other
than death or disability (as defined under the 2014 Plan), all unvested RSUs granted under the agreement will be forfeited as of the
date of termination. 

In
addition to the general provisions described above, the RSU agreements entered into by the Company in connection with the share matching
arrangements for the Company s non-employee directors (other than Mr. Wollney) on December 15, 2017 contain special acceleration
and termination provisions. The agreements for the non-employee directors provide that the vesting of the RSUs granted thereunder is
subject to the director s continued service on the board through the applicable vesting date, provided that if a director makes
himself available and consents to be nominated by the Company for continued service but is not nominated by the Board for election by
the stockholders, other than for good reason as determined by the Board in its discretion, then such director s RSUs will vest
in full as of his last date of service as a director with the Company. 

Retirement
of CFO 

Upon
the retirement of our former Chief Financial Officer, John S. Hill, effective August 6, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved the
accelerated vesting of RSUs granted by the Company to Mr. Hill on May 29, 2015, December 15, 2017, and August 22, 2018. Accordingly,
on August 6, 2021, 17,400 unvested RSUs held by Mr. Hill vested in full, with each RSU representing one share of the Company s
common stock. 

Director
Compensation 

Under
our director compensation program, we provide compensation to our non-employee directors. Directors who are employees of the Company
do not receive compensation for their service as directors. The director compensation program in effect as of July 27, 2021 was adopted
to remain competitive in attracting and retaining qualified board members and to better align director compensation to other public companies
of comparable size to the Company. The terms of the program were as follows: 

Each non-employee director
 receives an annual cash retainer of 50,000, paid in quarterly installments; 

77 

The
 Chairman of the Board receives an additional annual cash retainer of 75,000, paid in quarterly installments; 

The
 Chairman of the Reinsurance and Risk Committee receives an additional cash retainer of 75,000, paid in quarterly installments; 

The
 Chairman of the Audit Committee receives an additional cash retainer of 15,000, paid in quarterly installments; 

The
 Chairman of the Compensation Committee as well as the Chairman of the Nominating Committee each receives an additional cash retainer
 of 5,000, paid in quarterly installments; 

Each
 of the members of the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating Committees (excluding the Chairman of each of those committees), receives
 an additional cash retainer of 2,000, paid in quarterly installments; 

Each
 non-employee director receives an annual grant of restricted stock units RSUs with a value of 50,000; and 

Each
 non-employee director will receive reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for attending board and committee meetings. 

RSUs
granted to our directors vest in five equal annual installments, beginning with the first anniversary of the grant date, provided that,
if the director makes him or herself available and consents to be nominated by the Company for continued service as a director of the
Company, but is not nominated by the Board for election by stockholders, other than for good reason as determined by the Board in its
discretion, then the next 20 tranche of RSUs shall vest as of the director s last date of service as a director of the Company. 

The
Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan provides that the aggregate grant date fair value of all awards
granted to any single non-employee director during any single calendar year (determined as of the applicable grant date(s) under applicable
financial accounting rules), taken together with any cash fees paid to the non-employee director during the same calendar year, may not
exceed 200,000. 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to compensation earned by each of our non-employee directors for the year ended December
31, 2022. Mr. Swets, who served as a director for all of 2022, did not receive any compensation for his service as a director, as he
concurrently served as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. For more information, see Compensation of Executive Officers Summary
Compensation Table. 

Non-Employee Director 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) (1) 
 Stock Awards ) (2) 
 Total ) 
 
 D. Kyle Cerminara 
 125,000 
 414,000 
 539,000 
 
 Rita Hayes 
 52,000 
 50,000 
 102,000 
 
 Richard E. Govignon, Jr. 
 52,000 
 50,000 
 102,000 
 
 E. Gray Payne 
 62,000 
 50,000 
 112,000 
 
 Scott D. Wollney 
 69,000 
 50,000 
 119,000 

1. 
 In addition to their compensation,
 directors are reimbursed for travel and other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses related to their attendance at Board or committee
 meetings, or for other travel on behalf of the Company. These expenses have not been included in the table above. 

2. 
 Stock awards represent
 the aggregate grant date fair value of 31,645 RSUs granted to each non-employee director on August 19, 2022. The aggregate grant
 date fair value for the RSUs has been presented in the table above in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting
 Standards Codification Topic 718. The RSUs were valued using the closing price of the Company s common shares on Nasdaq on
 the grant date. The RSUs vest in five equal annual installments, beginning one year from the date of grant, provided that, if the
 director makes themselves available and consents to be nominated by the Company for continued service as a director of the Company,
 but is not nominated by the Board for election by stockholders, other than for good reason as determined by the Board in its discretion,
 then the next 20 tranche of RSUs shall vest as of the director s last date of service as a director of the Company. 

Effective February 17, 2023, the Company approved 130,000
restricted stock units to be granted to Mr. Cerminara based upon 2022 performance, subject to vesting terms. On the date of the grant,
the units had a fair market value of 364,000. As of the date of this filing, the Company had not yet issued the restricted stock units. 

78 

The
aggregate numbers of stock awards and option awards outstanding for each director as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Mr. Cerminara 52,699
 RSUs. 

Ms. Hayes 53,714
 RSUs. 

Mr. Govignon 40,340
 RSUs. 

General Payne 52,699
 RSUs. 

Mr. Swets 4,231
 RSUs (excludes a stock option granted to Mr. Swets for his service as the Company s CEO; see Compensation of Executive
 Officers ). 

Mr. Wollney 52,699
 RSUs. 

2022
Grants of Restricted Stock Units 

On
August 19, 2022, the Compensation Committee granted 31,645 RSUs with a value of 50,000 to all five of the Company s non-employee
directors. The RSUs vest in five equal annual installments, subject to the director s continued service on the Board, beginning
with the first anniversary of the grant date. 

The
award agreements for each of the RSU grants made during 2022 discussed above also provide that if a director makes herself or himself
available and consents to be nominated by the Company for continued service as a director of the Company, but is not nominated by the
Board for election by stockholders, other than for good reason, as determined by the Board in its discretion, then the next 20 tranche
of RSUs shall vest as of the director s last date of service as a director of the Company. The Board s practice has been
to accelerate vesting of all of a director s RSUs, upon the director s termination of service. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock as of March 24, 2023,
by: 

Each
 person (or group of affiliated persons) known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock; 

Each
 of our directors and named executive officers; and 

All
 of our current directors and executive officers as a group. 

The
number and percentages of shares beneficially owned are based on 9,437,659 common shares outstanding as of March 24, 2023. Information
with respect to beneficial ownership has been furnished by each director, executive officer and beneficial owner of more than 5 of our
common stock. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and requires that such persons have voting or
investment power with respect to the securities. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person listed below and the
percentage ownership of such person, shares of common stock underlying warrants, options and RSUs held by each such person that are exercisable
or vest within 60 days of March 24, 2023 are deemed outstanding, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership
of any other person. Except as otherwise noted below, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named have sole
voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. Except as otherwise indicated
below, the address for each beneficial owner is c/o FG Financial Group, Inc., 104 S Walnut, Unit 1A, Itasca, IL, 60143. 

79 

Beneficially Owned 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares 
 Percentage of 
 Shares 
 
 5 Beneficial Owners 

Fundamental Global GP, LLC (1) 108 Gateway Blvd., Suite 204, Mooresville, NC 28117 
 5,619,111 
 59.5 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors 

Larry G. Swets, Jr., President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 49,220 

Hassan R. Baqar, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 71,561 

D. Kyle Cerminara, Chairman of the Board (1)(2) 
 5,644,698 
 59.8 
 
 Rita Hayes, Director 
 15,336 

E. Gray Payne, Director 
 15,588 

Scott D. Wollney, Director 
 18,588 

Richard E. Govignon, Jr., Director 
 2,174 

Current Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (8 individuals) (2) 
 5,817,165 
 61.6 

Less than 1.0 

1. 
 Fundamental Global GP,
 LLC (referred to therein as FG shares voting and dispositive power with respect to 5,619,111 shares of common stock.
 Financial Holdings, LLC FGH ), which is managed by Fundamental Global GP, LLC shares voting and disposition power with
 respect to 5,619,111 shares of common stock. Information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock by FG and its affiliates
 is included herein in reliance on a Form 4 filed with the SEC on December 6, 2022 . Mr. Cerminara is Chief Executive Officer of FG
 and manager of FGH.. Due to his positions with FG and affiliated entities, Mr. Cerminara may be deemed to be beneficial owner of
 the shares of the Company s common stock disclosed as directly owned by FGH.. The business address for Mr. Cerminara is 108
 Gateway Blvd., Suite 204, Mooresville, North Carolina 28114. 

2. 
 Includes 5,619,111 shares
 reported as beneficially owned by FG and its affiliates, of which Mr. Cerminara is deemed to have beneficial ownership by virtue
 of his positions with FG, as discussed in footnote 1. 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

The
following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022, the number of shares of common stock underlying awards outstanding under the 2021
Plan, the 2018 Plan, and the Company s Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 2014 Plan ), as well as the
number of shares remaining available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. No more awards may be made under the 2018 Plan or the 2014 Plan. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (2) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 477,880 
 
 1,233,446 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 477,880 
 
 1,233,446 

1. 
 Includes 3,999 common shares
 to be issued upon vesting of restricted stock units issued under our 2014 Plan; includes 77,327 common shares to be issued upon vesting
 of restricted stock units and 130,000 common shares to be issued upon vesting of stock options issued under our 2018 Plan; and includes
 266,554 common shares to be issued upon vesting of restricted stock units issued under our 2021 Plan. 

2. 
 Represents shares available
 for future issuance under the 2021 Plan. 

80 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

It
is the responsibility of the Audit Committee or, on a case-by-case basis, another Board committee constituted solely by independent directors,
to review and oversee proposed transactions with related persons as defined in Item 404(a) of the SEC s Regulation
S-K. These include transactions and series of similar transactions to which we were a party or will be a party, in which 

the amounts involved exceeded
 or will exceed lessor of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal
 years; and 

any of our directors, director
 nominees, executive officers or beneficial owners of more than 5 of any class of our voting stock, or any immediate family members
 thereof, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Below
is a summary of our related party transactions between January 1, 2021 and March 24, 2023. 

Investment
in Metrolina 

The
Company had previously invested 4.0 million as a limited partner in Metrolina, which invested in real estate through a real estate investment
trust wholly owned by Metrolina. The general partner of Metrolina, FGI Metrolina GP, LLC, was managed, in part, by Mr. Cerminara, the
Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. Metrolina s investment program was managed by FG Funds Management LLC, an affiliate
of FG, which, with its affiliates, is the largest stockholder of the Company. In the fourth quarter 2021, we received approximately 5.0
million in cash from Metrolina, representing our initial investment of 4.0 million plus approximately 1.0 million in distributed earnings.
As a result, our investment in Metrolina was fully liquidated as of December 31, 2021. 

Joint
Venture Agreement 

On
March 31, 2020, the Company and FG entered into the limited liability company agreement with Fundamental Global Asset Management, LLC FGAM ), a joint venture owned 50 by each party. The purpose of FGAM is to sponsor, capitalize and provide strategic advice
to investment managers in connection with the launch and/or growth of their asset management business and the investment products they
sponsor. 

FGAM
is governed by a Board of Managers consisting of four managers, two of which are appointed by each Member. The Company has appointed
two of its independent directors to the FGAM Board of Managers. Certain major actions, including any decision to sponsor a new investment
manager, require the prior consent of both Members. 

81 

FG
Special Situations Fund 

As
of March 24, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the Company had invested 12.1 million, net of redemptions at cost, as a limited partner in
the Fund. The general partner of the Fund, and the investment advisor of the Fund are ultimately controlled by Mr. Cerminara, the Chairman
of the Company s Board of Directors. Portions of the Company s investment into the Fund were used to sponsor the launch of
SPACs affiliated with certain of our officers and directors. 

Mr.
Cerminara, our chairman, and Mr. Swets, our Chief Executive Officer and Director, are managers of the sponsor company of FG New America
Acquisition Corp FGNA ). Mr. Cerminara, Mr. Swets and Mr. Baqar, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,
serve as managers of the sponsor companies of FG Merger and FG Acquisition. Until FGNA s business combination with OppFi (NYSE:
OPFI), Mr. Swets was the Chief Executive Officer and a Director of FGNA, Mr. Cerminara was a Director of FGNA, and Mr. Baqar was the
Chief Financial Officer of FGNA. Until Aldel s business combination with Hagerty, Mr. Swets served as Senior Advisor to Aldel,
Mr. Baqar served as Chief Financial Officer of Aldel, and Mr. Cerminara served as a Director of Aldel. Messrs. Cerminara, Swets, and
Baqar also hold financial interests in the SPACs and/or their sponsor companies. Mr. Swets serves as Chairman of FG Merger, while Messrs.
Baqar and Cerminara serve as Director and Senior Advisor of FG Merger, respectively. Mr. Swets serves as Chief Executive Officer and
Director of FG Acquisition. Mr. Baqar serves as Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director of FG Acquisition. Mr. Cerminara serves
as Chairman of FG Acquisition. 

FG
Merchant Partners 

FGMP
was formed to co-sponsor newly formed SPACs with their founders or partners. The Company holds a limited partner interest in FGMP. Certain
of our directors and officers also hold limited partner interests in FGMP. Mr. Swets holds a limited partner interest through Itasca
Financial LLC, an advisory and investment firm for which Mr. Swets is managing member. Mr. Baqar also holds a limited partner interest
through Sequoia Financial LLC, an advisory firm for which Mr. Baqar is managing member. Mr. Cerminara also holds a limited partner interest
through Fundamental Global, LLC, a holding company for which Mr. Cerminara is the manager and one of the members. 

FGMP
has invested in the founder shares and warrants of Aldel, FG Merger, FG Acquisition and FGC. Certain of our directors and officers are
affiliated with these SPACs and their sponsor companies as previously described. 

FG
Communities, Inc . 

In
October of 2022, the Company invested 2.0 million into FGC. The Company also holds an interest through its ownership in FGMP. FGC is
a self-managed real estate company focused on a growing portfolio of manufactured housing communities which are owned and operated by
FGC. Mr. Cerminara is the President and a director of FGC. 

Shared
Services Agreement 

On
March 31, 2020, the Company entered into a Shared Services Agreement (the Shared Services Agreement with Fundamental Global
Management, LLC FGM ), an affiliate of FG, pursuant to which FGM provides the Company with certain services related to
the day-to-day management of the Company, including assisting with regulatory compliance, evaluating the Company s financial and
operational performance, providing a management team to supplement the executive officers of the Company, and such other services consistent
with those customarily performed by executive officers and employees of a public company. In exchange for these services, the Company
pays FGM a fee of 456,000 per quarter (the Shared Services Fee ), plus reimbursement of expenses incurred by FGM in connection
with the performance of the Services, subject to certain limitations approved by the Company s Board of Directors or Compensation
Committee from time to time. 

The
Shared Services Agreement has an initial term of three years, and thereafter renews automatically for successive one-year terms unless
terminated in accordance with its terms. The Shared Services Agreement may be terminated by FGM or by the Company, by a vote of the Company s
independent directors, at the end of the initial or automatic renewal term upon 120 days notice, subject to payment by the Company
of certain costs incurred by FGM to wind down the provision of services and, in the case of a termination by the Company without cause,
payment of a termination fee equal to the Shared Services Fee paid for the two quarters preceding termination. 

In
the third quarter of 2022, the Shared Services Agreement was amended to eliminate termination fees and to increase the termination notice
from 120 days to 365 days. The Company paid 1,825,000 to FGM under the Shared Services Agreement for each of the twelve months ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

82 

Other
Transactions 

We
have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. These agreements provide that we will,
among other things, indemnify and advance expenses to our directors and executive officers for certain expenses, including attorneys 
fees, judgments, fines, and settlement amounts incurred by any such person in any action or proceeding, including any action by us arising
out of such person s services as our director or executive officer, or any other company or enterprise to which the person provides
services at our request. We believe that these agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and executive
officers. 

As
discussed above, FG, together with its affiliates, is the largest stockholder of the Company. Mr. Cerminara, Chairman of our Board, is
Chief Executive Officer, Partner, and Manager of FG. The funds managed by FG, including the funds that directly own shares of our common
stock and Series A Preferred Stock, have agreed to indemnify FG, the principals of FG, including Mr. Cerminara, or any other person designated
by FG for claims arising from Mr. Cerminara s service on our Board, provided that a fund s indemnity obligations are secondary
to any obligations we may have with respect to Mr. Cerminara s service on our Board. 

Director
Independence 

The
Board has determined that four of its members are independent directors as defined under the applicable rules of Nasdaq
and the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The four independent directors currently serving on the Board are
Rita Hayes, E. Gray Payne, Scott D. Wollney and Richard E. Govignon, Jr. In making its determination of independence, the Board of Directors
considered questionnaires completed by directors and any relationships and transactions between the Company and all entities with which
the directors are involved. Nasdaq s listing rules require that the Board of Directors be comprised of a majority of independent
directors. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 have been audited by BDO, our independent registered
public accounting firm. Our Audit Committee requires that management obtain the prior approval of the Audit Committee for all audit and
permissible non-audit services to be provided by BDO. Fees for all services provided by BDO were pre-approved by the Audit Committee.
The following table shows the fees that we incurred for professional services rendered by BDO for 2022 and 2021. 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 313,832 
 257,919 
 
 Audit-related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total 
 313,832 
 257,919 

1. 
 Includes professional fees
 billed for the audits of our annual financial statements and the review of our interim condensed financial statements, including
 the reimbursement of expenses incurred by BDO related to our audit. Also includes professional services normally provided by BDO
 in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

83 

FG
FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The
following documents are filed as part of this report 

(a) 
 Financial Statements 
 The following consolidated financial statements of the Company and the reports of independent audit thereon are filed with this report: 

i. 
 Independent Auditor s Report 

ii. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022
 and 2021 

iii. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years
 Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

iv. 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity
 for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

v. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years
 ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

vi. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
 the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(b) 
 Financial Statement Schedules
 Schedules other than those listed above are omitted for the reason that they are not applicable, or the information
is otherwise contained in the Financial Statements. 

(c) 
 Exhibits - the exhibits
 listed below are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this report. 

Exhibit 

Incorporated
 by Reference to: 
 
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Document 
 
 Exh.
 No. 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 19, 2022, by and between FG Financial Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and FG Financial Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation. 
 
 [3] 
 
 2.1 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Merger, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 7, 2022 
 
 [2] 
 
 3.1 
 
 3.2 
 
 Articles of Merger, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on December 7, 2022 
 
 [2] 
 
 3.2 
 
 3.3 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada 
 
 [2] 
 
 3.3 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Correction, dated October 11, 2022, to the Certificate of Amendment of the Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of FG Financial Group, Inc. 
 
 [7] 
 
 3.1 
 
 3.4 
 
 By-Laws 
 
 [2] 
 
 3.4 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock certificate 

4.2 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 [5] 
 
 4.2 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Global Certificate of Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A 

4.4 
 
 Description of securities 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 [8] 
 
 10.1 
 
 10.2 
 
 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 [9] 
 
 10.1 
 
 10.3 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 [3] 
 
 10.1 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement 
 
 [4] 
 
 10.6 
 
 10.5 
 
 Equity Award Letter Agreement between registrant and Larry Swets 
 
 [10] 
 
 10.1 
 
 10.6 
 
 Stock Option Agreement between registrant and Larry Swets 
 
 [11] 
 
 10.5 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for executive officers under 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 [13] 
 
 10.2 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Share-Matching Program under 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 [15] 
 
 10.1 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Share-Matching Program under 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 [15] 
 
 10.2 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 [9] 
 
 10.2 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Restricted Share Agreement under 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 [12] 
 
 10.3 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Agreement under 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 [12] 
 
 10.4 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Share Unit Agreement under 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 [14] 
 
 10.3 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of Executive Stock Grant Agreement under 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 [16] 
 
 10.1 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form of Executive Restricted Share Unit Agreement for Share-Matching Grants under 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 [16] 
 
 10.2 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Share Unit Agreement under 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 [25] 
 
 10.16 
 
 10.17 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 2, 2019, between FedNat Holding Company and registrant 
 
 [17] 
 
 10.1 
 
 10.18 
 
 Standstill Agreement, dated December 2, 2019, between FedNat Holding Company and registrant 
 
 [19] 
 
 10.2 
 
 10.19 
 
 Reinsurance Capacity Right of First Refusal Agreement, dated December 2, 2019, by and between FedNat Holding Company and registrant 
 
 [17] 
 
 10.3 

84 

FG
FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

10.20 
 
 Investment Advisory Agreement, dated December 2, 2019, between FedNat Holding Company and registrant 
 
 [17] 
 
 10.4 
 
 10.21 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated December 2, 2019, between Brian D. Bottjer and registrant 
 
 [21] 
 
 10.3 
 
 10.22 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated November 10, 2020, between Larry G. Swets, Jr. and registrant 
 
 [18] 
 
 10.1 
 
 10.23 
 
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Agreement of Fundamental Global Asset Management, LLC dated August 6, 2021 
 
 [22] 
 
 10.1 
 
 10.24 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement, dated August 11, 2021, between Sequoia Financial LLC and registrant 
 
 [22] 
 
 10.2 
 
 10.25 
 
 Shared Services Agreement, dated August 11, 2022, between Fundamental Global Management, LLC and registrant 
 
 [23] 
 
 10.1 
 
 10.26 
 
 Sales Agreement dated November 3, 2022 between FG Financial Group, Inc. and Think Equity 
 
 [24] 
 
 10.1 
 
 21.1 
 
 Registrant s subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

[1]
Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 17, 2020 

 [2]
 Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 9, 2022 

 [3]
Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 17, 2021 

 [4]
Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A1 (Reg. no. 333-193314), filed January 30, 2014 

 [5]
Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 27, 2015 

 [6]
Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A1 (Reg. no. 333-222470), filed February 5, 2018 

 [7]
Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 12, 2022 

 [8]
Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed April 30, 2015 

 [9]
Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 1, 2018 

 [10]
Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 19, 2021 

 [11]
Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for year ended December 31, 2020, filed March 18, 2021 

 [12]
Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 1, 2018 

 [13]
Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 2, 2015 

 [14]
Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for quarter ended September 30, 2018, filed November 13, 2018 

 [15]
Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 19, 2017 

 [16]
Registrant s Current on Report on Form 8-K filed August 28, 2018 

 [17]
Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 2, 2019 

 [18]
Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 16, 2020 

 [19]
Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 6, 2020 

 [20]
Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed April 30, 2015 

 [21]
Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 2, 2019 

 [22]
Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for quarter ended June 30, 2021, filed August 16, 2021 

[23] Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for quarter ended June 30, 2022, filed August 11, 2022 

 [24] Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed November 3, 2022 

 [25] Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for year ended December
31, 2021, filed March 30, 2022 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

85 

FG
FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FG FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

Date: 
 March
24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Larry G. Swets, Jr. 

Name: 
 Larry G. Swets, Jr. 

Title: 
 Principal Executive Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Hassan R. Baqar, the true
and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent of the undersigned, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for and in the name, place
and stead of the undersigned, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits
thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and hereby grants to such attorney-in-fact
and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully as to
all intents and purposes as each of the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact
and agent, or their or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/
 Larry G. Swets, Jr. 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Larry G. Swets, Jr. 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 24, 2023 

/s/ Hassan
 R. Baqar 

Hassan R. Baqar 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 24, 2023 

/s/ D.
 Kyle Cerminara 

D. Kyle Cerminara 
 
 Director, Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 24, 2023 

/s/ Rita
 Hayes 

Rita Hayes 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

/s/ E.
 Gray Payne 

E. Gray Payne 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

/s/ Scott
 D. Wollney 

Scott D. Wollney 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

/s/ Richard
 Govignon 

Richard Govignon 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

86 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

FORM
OF 
COMMON STOCK 
STOCK CERTIFICATE 

FG
Financial Group, Inc. 

Incorporated
under the Laws of the State of Nevada 

CUSIP:
30329Y 106 
CERTIFICATE NUMBER: 001 

This
represents and certifies that CEDE CO is the owner of [_________] fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock of FG Financial
Group, Inc. (the Company ), par value 0.001 per share, transferable upon the books of the Company by the holder hereof
in person or by the holder s duly authorized attorney upon surrender of this certificate properly endorsed. This certificate and
the shares represented hereby are issued and shall be held subject to all of the provisions of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
and all amendments thereto (copies of which will be provided, free of charge, upon written to the Company s principal office by
the holder hereof), to which the holder hereof by acceptance hereof expressly assents. 

UNLESS
THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION DTC ),
TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF
CEDE CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE CO.,
OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR
OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS
OF THIS COMMON STOCK SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR S
NOMINEE. 

IN
CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS
SUCH REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE. 

DATED:
[ ], 2023 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, FG Financial Group, Inc. has executed this Certificate as of the date set forth above. 

FG
 FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

By:

Name: 
 Larry
 G. Swets Jr. 

Title:
 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

By:

Name:
 
 Hassan
 R. Baqar 

Title:
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Secretary 

TRANSFER
AGENT S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This
is one of the certificates representing shares of Common Stock referred to in the within mentioned Articles of Incorporation. 

VStock
 Transfer LLC, 

as
 Transfer Agent 

By:

Name: 

Title:

REVERSE
OF THE SECURITY 

 ASSIGNMENT 

For
Value Received, _________________________________ hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto _________________________________ (print or
typewrite name, address and social security or other identifying number of assignee) _________________________________ Shares of the
stock represented by this Certificate, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint attorney, to transfer the said stock on the
books of the within named company with full power of substitution in the premises 

Dated: [ ],
 2023 

X 

NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of this certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 
 
 SIGNATURE GUARANTEED 

NOTICE: The signature(s) should be guaranteed by an
 eligible guarantor institution (banks, stockbrokers, savings and loan associations, and credit unions with membership in an approved
 signature guarantee medallion program), pursuant to Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-4.3>
 3
 ex4-3.htm

Exhibit
4.3 

FORM
OF 
8.00 CUMULATIVE PREFERRED STOCK, SERIES A 
GLOBAL STOCK CERTIFICATE 

FG
Financial Group, Inc. 

Incorporated
under the Laws of the State of Nevada 

CUSIP:
30329Y 205 
CERTIFICATE NUMBER: 001 

This
represents and certifies that CEDE CO is the owner of [_________] fully paid and non-assessable shares of 8.00 Cumulative Preferred
Stock, Series A, of FG Financial Group, Inc. (the Company ), par value 25.00 per share, transferable upon the books of
the Company by the holder hereof in person or by the holder s duly authorized attorney upon surrender of this certificate properly
endorsed. This certificate and the shares represented hereby are issued and shall be held subject to all of the provisions of the Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation and all amendments thereto (copies of which will be provided, free of charge, upon written to
the Company s principal office by the holder hereof), to which the holder hereof by acceptance hereof expressly assents. 

UNLESS
THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION DTC ),
TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF
CEDE CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE CO.,
OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR
OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 

TRANSFERS
OF THIS GLOBAL PREFERRED STOCK SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF
OR SUCH SUCCESSOR S NOMINEE. 

IN
CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS
SUCH REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE. 

DATED:
[ ], 2023 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, FG Financial Group, Inc. has executed this Certificate as of the date set forth above. 

FG
 FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

By:

Name: 
 Larry
 G. Swets Jr. 

Title:
 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

By:

Name:
 
 Hassan
 R. Baqar 

Title:
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Secretary 

TRANSFER
AGENT S CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION 

This
is one of the certificates representing shares of Preferred Stock referred to in the within mentioned Articles of Incorporation. 

VStock
 Transfer LLC, 

as
 Transfer Agent 

By:

Name: 

Title:

REVERSE
OF THE SECURITY 

ASSIGNMENT 

For
Value Received, _________________________________ hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto _________________________________ (print or
typewrite name, address and social security or other identifying number of assignee) _________________________________ Shares of the
stock represented by this Certificate, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint attorney, to transfer the said stock on the
books of the within named company with full power of substitution in the premises 

Dated:
 [ ], 2023 

X 

NOTICE: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of this certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 
 
 SIGNATURE
 GUARANTEED 

NOTICE:
 The signature(s) should be guaranteed by an eligible guarantor institution (banks, stockbrokers, savings and loan associations, and
 credit unions with membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program), pursuant to Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-4.4>
 4
 ex4-4.htm

Exhibit
4.4 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE SECURITIES OF 

 FG
FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF 

 THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The
following summarizes the terms and provisions of the Common Stock and 8.00 Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A, of FG Financial
Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ). The Common Stock and 8.00 Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A, are
both registered under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The
following summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, which the Company has previously filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, and applicable Nevada law. 

Authorized
Capital 

The
Company s authorized capital stock consists of 200,000,000 shares of which (i) 100,000,000 shares are designated as shares of common
stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ), (ii) 99,000,000 shares are designated as shares of preferred stock,
par value 0.001 per share (the Preferred Stock and (iii) 1,000,000 shares are designated as cumulative preferred stock,
par value 25.00 per share, (which shall be referred to herein as the 8.00 Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A or the
 Series A Preferred Stock ). 

Under
Nevada law, stockholders generally are not personally liable for a corporation s acts or debts. 

Common
Stock 

Exchange
and Trading Symbol 

The
Common Stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Market tier of the Nasdaq Stock Market under the trading symbol FGF. 

Rights,
Preferences and Privileges 

All
outstanding shares of our Common Stock are duly authorized, fully paid and nonassessable. Holders of shares of our Common Stock have
no conversion, preemptive or subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock.
The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of our Common Stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights
of the holders of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock or any series of our Preferred Stock that the Company may designate and issue
in the future. 

Voting
Rights 

Holders
of Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by the stockholders. A
stockholder meeting quorum consists of a majority of voting power, represented in person or by proxy. There is no cumulative voting
with respect to the election of directors. Directors are elected annually by a plurality of the votes cast by the holders of Common
Stock. Except for the approval required to amend the Company s Articles of Incorporation or the Bylaws and except as otherwise
required by law, all other matters brought to a vote of the holders of Common Stock are determined by a majority of the votes cast,
and, except as may be provided with respect to any other outstanding class or series of the Company s stock, the holders of
shares of Common Stock possess the exclusive voting power. 

Dividends 

Subject
to preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (including the Series A Preferred Stock), the holders
of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors
out of legally available funds. 

Liquidation 

In
the event of the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in
the assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of the Company s known debts and liabilities
and after adequate provision has been made for each class of stock having preference over the Common Stock, if any. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Board of Directors of the Company is permitted, subject to any limitations prescribed by applicable law and without further approval
or action by the holders of Common Stock, to issue up to 99,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series. As of March 24,
2023, no shares of Preferred Stock have been issued. 

The
Board of Directors may fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and any qualifications,
limitations or restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences
and sinking fund terms. The rights of the holders of Common Stock are generally be subject to the prior rights of the holders of any
outstanding shares of Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, liquidation preferences and other matters. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

The
Board of Directors of the Company is permitted, subject to any limitations prescribed by applicable law and without further approval
or action by the holders of Common Stock, to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, of which 894,580 shares have been
issued and are outstanding as of March 24, 2023. The rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications, restrictions, limitations and other
terms of the Series A Preferred Stock are set forth in the Company s Articles of Incorporation. The original issue date of the
Series A Preferred Stock was February 28, 2018. 

Exchange
and Trading Symbol 

The
Series A Preferred Stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Market tier of the Nasdaq Stock Market under the trading symbol FGFPP. 

Rights
and Preferences 

The
Series A Preferred Stock is fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock do not have preemptive or similar
rights to acquire any of the Company s capital stock. Holders do not have the right to convert Series A Preferred Stock into, or
exchange Series A Preferred Stock for, shares of any other class or series of shares or other securities of the Company. The Series A
Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and is not subject to any sinking fund, retirement fund or purchase fund or other obligation of
the Company to redeem or purchase the Series A Preferred Stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any other series of preferred stock that
the Company may designate and issue in the future that ranks senior to the Series A Preferred Stock. 

Ranking 

The
Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to the Common Stock and any other junior stock (as defined in the Articles of Incorporation) with
respect to the payment of dividends and distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, equally with any parity
stock (as defined in the Articles of Incorporation) of the Company, including any series of Preferred Stock that the Company may issue
the terms of which provide that they rank equally with the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions
of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, and junior to any series of Preferred Stock that the Company may issue in the
future the terms of which provide that they rank senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and
distributions of assets upon the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 

Dividends 

Holders
of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors of the Company or a duly authorized
committee thereof, out of lawfully available funds for the payment of dividends, cumulative cash dividends from the original issue date
at the rate of 8.00 of the 25.00 per share liquidation preference per annum (equivalent to 2.00 per annum per share). Dividends on
the Series A Preferred Stock are payable quarterly on the 15th day of March, June, September and December of each year, commencing on
June 15, 2018 (each, a dividend payment date ). In the event that the Company issues additional shares of Series A Preferred
Stock after the original issue date, dividends on such additional shares may accrue from the original issue date or any other date that
the Company specifies at the time such additional shares are issued. 

Dividends,
if so declared, are payable to holders of record of the Series A Preferred Stock as they appear on the Company s books on the applicable
record date, which is March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1, as applicable, immediately preceding the applicable dividend payment
date (each, a dividend record date ). These dividend record dates apply regardless of whether a particular dividend record
date is a business day (as defined in the Articles of Incorporation). As a result, holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock are
not entitled to receive dividends on a dividend payment date if such shares were not issued and outstanding on the applicable dividend
record date. 

A
dividend period is the period from and including a dividend payment date to but excluding the next dividend payment date, except that
the initial dividend period commenced on and included the original issue date of the Series A Preferred Stock and ended on and excluded
the June 15, 2018 dividend payment date. Dividends payable on the Series A Preferred Stock are computed on the basis of a 360-day year
consisting of twelve 30-day months. If any date on which dividends would otherwise be payable is not a business day, then the dividend
payment date will be the next succeeding business day with the same force and effect as if made on the original dividend payment date,
and no additional dividends shall accrue on the amount so payable from such date to such next succeeding business day. 

No
dividends on shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be authorized by the Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof)
or paid or set apart for payment by the Company at any time when the terms and provisions of any agreement of the Company, including
any agreement relating to the Company s indebtedness, prohibit the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment thereof
or provide that the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment thereof would constitute a breach of the agreement or a default
under the agreement, or if the authorization, payment or setting apart for payment shall be restricted or prohibited by law. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock accrue whether or not the Company has earnings, whether or not there are funds
legally available for the payment of those dividends and whether or not those dividends are declared by the Board of Directors. No interest,
or sum in lieu of interest, is payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series A Preferred Stock that may be in
arrears, and holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are not entitled to any dividends in excess of full cumulative dividends described
above. Any dividend payment made on the Series A Preferred Stock is first credited against the earliest accumulated but unpaid dividend
due with respect to those shares. 

Unless
full cumulative dividends on all shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid (or declared
and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside or contemporaneously is set apart for payment for all past dividend periods): 

no
 dividend shall be declared or paid or set aside for payment upon the Common Stock, or any
 other junior stock (other than a dividend payable solely in Common Stock or other junior
 stock), nor shall any distribution be declared or made upon the Common Stock or any other
 junior stock; 

no
 Common Stock or other junior stock shall be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for
 consideration by the Company, directly or indirectly (other than (1) as a result of a reclassification
 of junior stock for or into other junior stock, or the exchange or conversion of one share
 of junior stock for or into another share of junior stock, or (2) through the use of the
 proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of junior stock) nor shall any monies be
 paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of such stock (it being understood
 that the provisions of this bullet point shall not apply to grants or settlements of grants
 pursuant to any equity compensation plan adopted by the Company); and 

no
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock or parity stock shall be repurchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by the
 Company other than pursuant to pro rata offers to purchase all, or a pro rata portion, of the Series A Preferred Stock and such parity
 stock except by conversion into or exchange for junior stock. 

When
dividends are not paid in full (or a sum sufficient for such full payment is not so set apart) upon the Series A Preferred Stock and
any parity stock, all dividends declared upon the Series A Preferred Stock and any party stock shall be declared pro rata so that the
amount of dividends declared per share of Series A Preferred Stock and such parity stock shall in all cases bear to each other the same
ratio that accrued dividends per share on the Series A Preferred Stock and such parity stock (which shall not include any accrual in
respect of unpaid dividends for prior dividend periods if such preferred stock does not have a cumulative dividend) bear to each other.
No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series A Preferred
Stock that may be in arrears. 

Liquidation
Rights 

Upon
the Company s voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and any
parity stock are entitled to receive out of the Company s assets available for distribution to stockholders, after satisfaction
of liabilities to creditors, if any, and subject to the preferential rights of the holders of any class or series of capital stock that
the Company may issue ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up, a liquidating distribution in the amount equal to the liquidation preference of 25.00 per share of Series A Preferred
Stock, plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but not including, the date of payment, but before any distribution
of assets is made to holders of Common Stock or any class or series of the Company s capital stock it may issue that ranks junior
to the Series A Preferred Stock as to liquidation rights. 

In
any such distribution, if the Company s assets are not sufficient to pay the liquidation distributions in full to all holders of
the Series A Preferred Stock and all holders of any parity stock, the amounts paid to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and to
the holders of any parity stock will be paid pro rata in accordance with the respective aggregate liquidation distributions of those
holders. In any such distribution, the liquidation distribution to any holder of preferred stock means the amount payable to such holder
in such distribution, including any declared but unpaid dividends (and any unpaid, accrued cumulative dividends in the case of any holder
of shares on which dividends accrue on a cumulative basis). If the liquidation distributions have been paid in full to all holders of
shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and any holders of shares of parity stock and shares ranking senior to the Series A Preferred
Stock with respect to the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of the Company s other
classes of capital stock will be entitled to receive all of the Company s remaining assets according to their respective rights
and preferences. 

A
consolidation or merger involving the Company with any other entity, including the consolidation or merger in which the holders of Series
A Preferred Stock receive cash, securities or other property for their shares, or the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of
the property and assets of the Company for cash, securities or other property, will not be deemed to constitute a liquidation, dissolution
or winding-up. 

Redemption 

The
Series A Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund, retirement fund, purchase fund or other similar provisions. 

The
Series A Preferred Stock is not redeemable prior to February 28, 2023. On and after that date, the Series A Preferred Stock will be redeemable
at the Company s option, in whole or in part, upon not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days written notice, at a redemption
price equal to 25.00 per share, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon to, but not including, the redemption date. Holders
of the Series A Preferred Stock have no right to require the redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

In
connection with any redemption of Series A Preferred Stock, the Company shall pay, in cash, any accumulated and unpaid dividends to,
but not including, the redemption date, unless a redemption date falls after a dividend record date and prior to the corresponding dividend
payment date, in which case each holder of Series A Preferred Stock at the close of business on such dividend record date shall be entitled
to the dividend payable on such shares on the corresponding dividend payment date notwithstanding the redemption of such shares before
such dividend payment date. 

If
shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption shall be given by first class mail to the holders
of record of the Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed, mailed not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed
for redemption thereof (provided that, if the Series A Preferred Stock is held in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company,
or DTC, the Company may give such notice in any manner permitted by DTC). Each notice of redemption will include a statement
setting forth: 

the
 redemption date; 

the
 number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares
 of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares
 of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed from such holder; 

the
 redemption price; 

that
 the shares should be delivered via book entry transfer or the place or places where holders
 may surrender certificates evidencing the Series A Preferred Stock for payment of the redemption
 price; and 

if
 applicable, that such redemption is being made in connection with a change of control and,
 in that case, a brief description of the transaction or transactions constituting such change
 of control. 

In
case of any redemption of only part of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares of Series A Preferred
Stock to be redeemed shall be selected either pro rata or in such other manner as the Company may determine to be fair and equitable. 

If
notice of redemption of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock has been given and if the Company has irrevocably set aside the funds
necessary for such redemption, then, from and after the redemption date (unless the Company shall default in providing for the payment
of the redemption price plus accumulated and unpaid dividends, if any), dividends will cease to accumulate on such shares of Series A
Preferred Stock, such shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such
shares of Series A Preferred Stock will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price plus accumulated and unpaid dividends,
if any, payable upon redemption. 

Unless
full cumulative dividends on all shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared
and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been or contemporaneously is set apart for payment for all past dividend periods, no
shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be redeemed unless all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock are simultaneously redeemed,
and the Company shall not purchase or otherwise acquire directly or indirectly any shares of Series A Preferred Stock (except by exchanging
it for its junior stock); provided, however, that the Company may purchase or acquire shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to
a purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms to holders of all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 

The
Company s ability to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock as described above may be limited by the terms of agreements governing
the Company s existing and future indebtedness and by the provisions of other existing and future agreements. 

Voting
Rights 

Holders
of Series A Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights, except as set forth below or as otherwise from time to time provided by law,
nor do the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock receive any notice of a meeting or vote by the Company s common stockholders. 

In
any matter on which holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, each share of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to one
vote for each 25.00 of liquidation preference. 

So
long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the Company will not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the
holders of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and each other class or
series of voting parity stock outstanding at the time, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting (voting together
as a single class) (a) authorize, create, or issue, or increase the authorized or issued amount of, any class or series of stock ranking
senior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the affairs of the Company or reclassify any authorized shares of capital stock of the Company into such stock, or create,
authorize or issue any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase any such stock; or (b) amend, alter
or repeal the Articles of Incorporation, whether by way of a merger, consolidation, transfer or conveyance of all or substantially all
of the Company s assets or otherwise (an Event ), so as to materially and adversely affect any right, preference,
privilege or voting power of the Series A Preferred Stock or the holders thereof; provided, however, with respect to the occurrence of
any of the Events set forth in (b) above, so long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding with the terms thereof
unchanged or the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock receive capital stock of the successor with substantially identical rights
(taken as a whole), taking into account that, upon the occurrence of an Event, we may not be the surviving entity, the occurrence of
such Event shall not be deemed to adversely affect such rights, preferences, privileges or voting power of holders of Series A Preferred
Stock, and in such case such holders shall not have any voting rights with respect to the occurrence of any of the Events set forth in
(b) above. In addition, if the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock receive the greater of the full trading price of the Series A
Preferred Stock on the date of an Event set forth in (b) above or the 25.00 liquidation preference per share of the Series A Preferred
Stock pursuant to the occurrence of any of the Events set forth in (b) above, then such holders will not have any voting rights with
respect to the Events set forth in (b) above. Moreover, if any Event set forth in (b) above would adversely affect any right, preference,
privilege or voting power of the Series A Preferred Stock disproportionately relative to other classes or series of parity stock, the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting separately as a
class, will also be required. 

Holders
of the Series A Preferred Stock are not entitled to vote with respect to (x) any increase in the total number of authorized shares of
parity stock or junior stock of the Company, or (y) any increase in the amount of the authorized Series A Preferred Stock or the creation
or issuance of any other class or series of parity stock or junior stock, and any such authorization, creation or issuances will not
be deemed to adversely affect the rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

The
foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be
required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption upon
proper notice and sufficient funds, in cash, shall have been deposited in trust to effect such redemption and irrevocable instructions
have been given to the paying agent to pay the redemption price and all accrued and unpaid distributions on the Series A Preferred Stock. 

Book
Entry 

The
Series A Preferred Stock is represented by a global security deposited with and registered in the name of Cede Co. as DTC s
nominee. DTC is the depository for the Series A Preferred Stock. Unless exchanged in whole or in part for a certificated security, a
global security may not be transferred. However, DTC, its nominees, and their successors may transfer a global security as a whole to
one another. Beneficial interests in the global securities are shown on, and transfers of the global securities are made only through,
records maintained by DTC and its participants. 

Transfer
Agent, Registrar, Dividend Disbursing Agent and Redemption Agent 

VStock
Transfer, LLC is the transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock and the dividend disbursing agent
and redemption agent for the Series A Preferred Stock 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Provisions of Nevada Law and the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Nevada
Revised Statutes (as amended, the NRS 

Nevada
 Combinations With Interested Stockholders Statutes 

The
Nevada Combination With Interested Stockholders Statutes, NRS 78.411 et seq., provides that an interested stockholder cannot
engage in specified business combinations with a corporation for a period of two years after the date on which the person became an interested
stockholder, unless (a) the combination or transaction by which the person first became an interested stockholder was approved by the
corporation s board of directors before the person became an interested stockholder; or (b) the combination is approved by the
board and, at or after that time, the combination is approved at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative
vote of 60 or more of the voting power of the disinterested stockholders. At the expiration of the two-year waiting period, no proposed
combinations with an interested stockholder may occur unless (a) the combination or transaction was approved by the board before the
stockholder became an interested stockholder; (b) the combination is approved by a majority of the corporation s disinterested
stockholders at an annual or special meeting; or (c) the combination meets certain statutory requirements for specifying a premium transaction
price. 

These
statutes do not apply to (i) a person who has been an interested stockholder for 4 or more years; (ii) any combination with a person
who was an interested stockholder on January 1, 1991; (iii) any combination of a corporation which adopts an amendment to its articles
of incorporation, approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding voting power of the corporation not beneficially owned by
interested stockholders, expressly electing not to be governed by these statutes. Such an amendment would not be effective until 18 months
after the stockholder vote and would not apply to any combination with a person who first became an interested stockholder on or before
the effective date of the amendment; (iv) when the person became an interested stockholder inadvertently. 

A
 combination is generally defined to include mergers or consolidations of the corporation or any subsidiary of the
corporation with an interested stockholder or an entity that is, or after and as a result of the merger or consolidation would be,
an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder, or any sale, lease exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer, or other
disposition, in one transaction or a series of transactions, with an interested stockholder having: (a) an aggregate
market value equal to 5 or more of the aggregate market value of the assets of the corporation, (b) an aggregate market value equal
to 5 or more of the aggregate market value of all outstanding shares of the corporation, (c) 10 or more of the earning power or
net income of the corporation, and (d) certain other transactions with an interested stockholder or an affiliate or associate of an
interested stockholder. 

In
general, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns (or within two years,
did own) 10 or more of a corporation s voting stock. The statute could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover or change in
control attempts and, accordingly, may discourage attempts to acquire our Company even though such a transaction may offer our stockholders
the opportunity to sell their stock at a price above the prevailing market price. 

Nevada
 Acquisition of Controlling Interest Statutes 

Under
the Nevada Acquisition of Controlling Interest Statutes, NRS 78.378 et seq., if a person acquires 20 or more of the voting
shares of the corporation, stockholders have the right to regulate that person s voting rights. The acquisition of a controlling
interest must be approved by both (a) the holders of a majority of the voting power of the corporation and (b) if the acquisition would
adversely alter or change any preference or any relative or other right given to any other class or series of outstanding shares, the
holders of a majority of each class or series affected, excluding those shares voted by any interested stockholder. An interested
stockholder under these statutes includes an acquiring person, an officer or a director of the corporation, or an employee of
the corporation. 

If
provided in a corporation s articles or bylaws, a corporation may redeem the control shares at the average price paid by the acquiring
person if the majority of disinterested stockholders do not grant full voting rights to the control shares or the acquiring person fails
to submit an offer statement to the corporation. Conversely, if the stockholders grant full voting rights, disinterested dissenting stockholders
may obtain payment of the fair value of their shares. 

The
effect of the Nevada control share statutes is that the acquiring person, and those acting in association with the acquiring person,
will obtain only such voting rights in the control shares as are conferred by a resolution of the stockholders at an annual or special
meeting. The Nevada control share law, if applicable, could have the effect of discouraging takeovers of our Company. A corporation may
elect to not be governed by, or opt out of, the control share provisions by making an election in its articles of incorporation
or bylaws, provided that the opt-out election must be in place on the 10th day following the date an acquiring person has acquired a
controlling interest, that is, crossing any of the three thresholds described above. The Articles of Incorporation do not contain any
specific provisions that depart from the provisions of the NRS but the Bylaws expressly elect not to be governed by these provisions
of the NRS. Accordingly, the control share statutes will not be applicable to us unless our Bylaws are amended in accordance with applicable
law and the Bylaws and Articles of Incorporation to remove our election to opt out of the application of the statutes. 

Articles
of Incorporation and Bylaws 

The
Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws include anti-takeover provisions that: 

authorize
 the Board of Directors, without further action by the stockholders, to issue shares of Preferred
 Stock in one or more series, and with respect to each series, to fix the number of shares
 constituting that series, and establish the rights and terms of that series; 

establish
 advance notice procedures for stockholders to submit nominations of candidates for election
 to the Board of Directors to be brought before a stockholders meeting; 

allow
 the Company s directors to establish the size of the Board of Directors and fill vacancies
 on the Board created by an increase in the number of directors (subject to the rights of
 the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified
 circumstances); 

do
 not provide stockholders cumulative voting rights with respect to director elections; 

provide
 that special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by or at the direction of the
 Board of Directors or at the request of 50 or more of the voting power of all of the outstanding
 shares of the Company s capital stock entitled to vote on any issue contemplated to
 be considered at such proposed special meeting; 

require
 the approval of a majority of the voting power of all of the outstanding shares of the Company s
 capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors to amend the Articles
 of Incorporation; and 

allow
 the Board of Directors to make, alter or repeal the Company s Bylaws but only allow
 stockholders to amend the Bylaws upon the approval of a majority of the voting power of all
 of the outstanding shares of the Company s capital stock entitled to vote generally
 in the election of directors. 

Provisions
of the Company s Aqrticles of Incorporation and Bylaws may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change
in the Company s control or change in the Company s Board of Directors or management, including transactions in which stockholders
might otherwise receive a premium for their shares or transactions that the Company s stockholders might otherwise deem to be in
their best interests. Therefore, these provisions could adversely affect the price of the Common Stock. 

Authorized
and Unissued Shares 

The
Company s authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock are available for future issuance without stockholder approval except
as may otherwise be required by applicable stock exchange rules or Nevada law. The Company may issue additional shares for a variety
of purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, to fund acquisitions and as employee and consultant compensation.
The existence of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock could render more difficult, or discourage an attempt, to obtain control
of the Company by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

The
Company s Articles of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of blank check Preferred Stock with such designations,
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. Accordingly, the Board of Directors
is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue shares of Preferred Stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other
rights that could adversely affect the value, voting power or other rights of holders of Common Stock. In addition, the Board of Directors
may, under certain circumstances, issue Preferred Stock in order to delay, defer, prevent or make more difficult a change of control
transaction such as a merger, tender offer, business combination or proxy contest, assumption of control by a holder of a large block
of the Company s securities or the removal of incumbent management of the Company, even if those events were favorable to the interests
of the Company s stockholders. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES 

Fundamental
Global Reinsurance, Ltd., a Cayman Islands Company 

FG
Strategic Consulting, LLC, a Delaware Company 

FG
Management Solutions, LLC, a Delaware Company 

Fundamental
Global Asset Management, LLC, a Delaware Company 

FG
Reinsurance Holdings, LLC, a Delaware Company 

FG
Re Solutions, Ltd, a Bermuda Company 

Sponsor
Protection and Coverage Risk, Inc, a South Carolina Company 

Sponsor
Protection and Coverage Risk Retention Group, Inc, a South Carolina Company 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

FG
Financial Group, Inc. 

 Itasca, IL 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-253285) and Form S-8 (333-225362,
222-195000 and 333-262041) of FG Financial Group, Inc. of our report dated March 24, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements,
which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/
 BDO USA LLP 

Grand Rapids, Michigan 

March 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Larry G. Swets, Jr., certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual
 report on Form 10-K of FG Financial Group, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether material
 or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 24, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Larry
 G. Swets, Jr. 

Larry G. Swets, Jr., President and Chief Executive
 Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Hassan R. Baqar, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual
 report on Form 10-K of FG Financial Group, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether material
 or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 24, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Hassan
 R Baqar 

Hassan
 R. Baqar, Executive Vice President, and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

STATEMENTS
REQUIRED BY 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT 

 TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of FG Financial Group, Inc. (the Company ), for the year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Larry G. Swets, Jr., Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

1. 
 The Form 10-K fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained
 in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated: 
 March 24, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Larry
 G. Swets, Jr. 

Larry
 G. Swets, Jr., Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

STATEMENTS
REQUIRED BY 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT 

 TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of FG Financial Group, Inc. (the Company ), for the year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Hassan R. Baqar, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

1. 
 The Form 10-K fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained
 in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated: 
 March 24, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Hassan
 R. Baqar 

Hassan
 R. Baqar, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 fgf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 fgf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 fgf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 fgf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

