<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_845877_0000845877-23-000026.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>36143089</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>465393</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3519932</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>17084703</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7187974</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7111106</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000845877-23-000026.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224080719
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000845877-23-000026
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		119
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000845877
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FEDERAL & FEDERALLY-SPONSORED CREDIT AGENCIES [6111]
		IRS NUMBER:				521578738
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14951
		FILM NUMBER:		23662408

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1999 K STREET NW,
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20006
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2028727700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1999 K STREET NW,
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20006

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000845877-23-000026.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 agm-20221231.htm
 10-K

agm-20221231 

As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2023 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____. 
 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 Federally chartered instrumentality 
 of the 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. employer identification number) , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol Exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the Class A voting common stock and Class C non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based upon the closing prices for the respective classes on June 30, 2022 reported by the New York Stock Exchange. For purposes of this information, the outstanding shares of Class A voting common stock and Class C non-voting common stock held by directors, executive officers, and significant stockholders of the registrant, as applicable, as of June 30, 2022 were deemed to be held by affiliates. The aggregate market value of the Class B voting common stock is not ascertainable due to the absence of publicly available quotations or prices for the Class B voting common stock as a result of the limited market for, and infrequency of trades in, Class B voting common stock and the fact that any such trades are privately negotiated transactions. 
 As of February 10, 2023, the registrant had outstanding shares of Class A voting common stock, shares of Class B voting common stock, and shares of Class C non-voting common stock. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Certain information contained in the registrant's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the registrant's fiscal year to which this report relates. 
 Auditor Firm ID: 
 Auditor Name: 
 Auditor Location: 
 
 1 

Table of Contents Forward-Looking Statements 
 4 
 PART I 
 6 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 6 
 General 
 8 
 Farmer Mac's Line of Business 
 17 
 Competition 
 17 
 Capital and Corporate Governance 
 18 
 Human Capital 
 20 
 Available Information 
 22 
 Funding of Guarantee and LTSPC Obligations 
 23 
 Financing 
 23 
 Debt Issuance 
 23 
 Equity Issuance 
 24 
 Farmer Mac's Authority to Borrow from the U.S. Treasury 
 28 
 Government Regulation of Farmer Mac 
 29 
 General 
 29 
 Office of Secondary Market Oversight 
 29 
 Capital Standards 
 30 
 Liquidity Requirements 
 32 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 34 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 48 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 48 
 Item 3 . 
 Legal Proceedings 
 49 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 49 
 PART I I 
 50 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases for Equity Securities 
 50 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 52 
 Item 7 . 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 53 
 Overview 
 53 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 57 
 Use of Non-GAAP Measures 
 58 
 Results of Operations 
 60 
 Outlook 
 79 
 Balance Sheet Review 
 84 
 Risk Management 
 85 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 102 
 Other Matters 
 105 
 Supplemental Information 
 106 
 Item 7A . 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 110 
 Financial Statements 
 111 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 115 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 116 

2 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 117 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 118 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 119 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 121 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 190 
 Item 9A . 
 Controls and Procedures 
 190 
 Item 9 B . 
 Other Information 
 191 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 191 
 PART I II 
 191 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 192 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 192 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 192 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 192 
 PART IV 
 192 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 192 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 192 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 195 
 Signatures 
 195 

3 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 In this report, the words "Farmer Mac," "we," "our," and "us" refer to the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation unless otherwise stated or unless the context otherwise requires. 
 
 Some statements made in this report, such as in the "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" section, are "forward-looking statements" as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 about management's current expectations for Farmer Mac's future financial results, business prospects, and business developments. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate, or imply future results, performance, or achievements. These statements typically include terms such as "anticipates," "believes," "continues," "estimates," "expects," "forecasts," "intends," "outlook," "plans," "potential," "project," "target," and similar terms, and future or conditional tense verbs like "could," "may," "might," "should," "will," and "would." This report includes forward-looking statements addressing Farmer Mac's: 
 
 prospects for earnings; 
 prospects for growth in business volume; 
 trends in net interest income and net effective spread; 
 trends in portfolio credit quality, delinquencies, substandard assets, credit losses, and provisions for losses; 
 assessment of economic and market trends; 
 trends in expenses; 
 trends in investment securities; 
 prospects for asset impairments and allowance for losses; 
 changes in capital position; 
 future dividend payments; and 
 other business and financial matters. 
 
 Management's expectations for Farmer Mac's future necessarily involve assumptions, estimates, and the evaluation of risks and uncertainties. Various factors or events, both known and unknown, could cause Farmer Mac's actual results to differ materially from the expectations as expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including the factors discussed under "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of this report, as well as uncertainties about: 
 
 the availability to Farmer Mac of debt and equity financing and, if available, the reasonableness of rates and terms; 
 legislative or regulatory developments that could affect Farmer Mac, its sources of business, or agricultural or rural infrastructure industries; 
 fluctuations in the fair value of assets held by Farmer Mac and its subsidiaries; 
 the level of lender interest in Farmer Mac's products and the secondary market provided by Farmer Mac; 
 the general rate of growth in agricultural mortgage and rural infrastructure indebtedness; 
 the effect of economic conditions stemming from disruptive global events or otherwise on agricultural mortgage or rural infrastructure lending, borrower repayment capacity, or collateral values, including rapid inflation, fluctuations in interest rates, changes in U.S. trade policies, 
 
 4 

fluctuations in export demand for U.S. agricultural products, supply chain disruptions, increases in input costs, labor availability, and volatility in commodity prices; 
 the degree to which Farmer Mac is exposed to interest rate risk resulting from fluctuations in Farmer Mac's borrowing costs relative to market indexes; 
 developments in the financial markets, including possible investor, analyst, and rating agency reactions to events involving government-sponsored enterprises, including Farmer Mac; 
 the effects of the Federal Reserve s efforts to achieve monetary policy normalization and slow inflation; and 
 other factors that could hinder agricultural mortgage lending or borrower repayment capacity, including the effects of severe weather and drought, climate change, or fluctuations in agricultural real estate values. 
 
 Considering these potential risks and uncertainties, no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements expressed in this report. Farmer Mac undertakes no obligation to release publicly the results of revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect new information or any future events or circumstances, except as otherwise required by applicable law. The information in this report is not necessarily indicative of future results. 

5 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 Farmer Mac is a stockholder-owned, federally chartered corporation that combines private capital and public sponsorship to serve a public purpose. Congress has charged Farmer Mac with the mission of providing a secondary market for a variety of loans made to borrowers in rural America. A secondary market is an economic arrangement in which the owners of financial assets, such as the originators of loans, may sell all or part of those assets or pay a fee to offset some or all of the inherent risks of holding the assets. Farmer Mac's secondary market activities include: 
 
 purchasing eligible loans directly from lenders (including participation interests, syndicated notes, revolving and non-revolving credit facilities, and unfunded commitments to make advances on loans); 
 purchasing securities that are issued by lenders and guaranteed by Farmer Mac and that are secured by eligible loans (Farmer Mac refers to these securities as "AgVantage," a registered trademark of Farmer Mac); 
 issuing and guaranteeing securities that represent interests in, or obligations secured by, pools of eligible loans (together with AgVantage, Farmer Mac refers to these securities as "Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities"); 
 servicing (including as master servicer) eligible loans purchased or securitized by Farmer Mac; and 
 providing long-term standby purchase commitments ("LTSPCs") for eligible loans. 
 
 Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities may be retained by the seller of the underlying loans, retained by Farmer Mac, or sold to third-party investors. 
 
 Farmer Mac was established under federal legislation first enacted in 1988 and amended most recently in 2018 Title VIII of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2279aa et seq.), which is referred to as Farmer Mac's charter. Farmer Mac is a government-sponsored enterprise ("GSE") by virtue of the status conferred by its charter. The charter provides that Farmer Mac has the power to establish, acquire, and maintain affiliates under applicable state law to carry out any activities that Farmer Mac otherwise would perform directly. Farmer Mac established its two existing subsidiaries Farmer Mac II LLC and Farmer Mac Mortgage Securities Corporation under that power. 
 
 Farmer Mac is an institution of the Farm Credit System ("FCS"), which is composed of the banks, associations, and related entities, including Farmer Mac and its subsidiaries, regulated by the Farm Credit Administration ("FCA"), an independent agency in the executive branch of the United States government. Although Farmer Mac is an institution of the FCS, it is not liable for any debt or obligation of any other institution of the FCS. None of FCA, the FCS, or any other individual institution of the FCS is liable for any debt or obligation of Farmer Mac or its subsidiaries. The debts and obligations of Farmer Mac and its subsidiaries are not guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America. 
 
 Farmer Mac's two primary sources of revenue are: 
 
 interest income earned on assets held on balance sheet, net of related funding costs and interest payments and receipts on financial derivatives; and 
 guarantee and commitment fees received for outstanding guaranteed securities and LTSPCs. 
 
 6 

Farmer Mac funds its purchases of eligible loans and securities primarily by issuing debt obligations of various maturities in the public capital markets. Farmer Mac also uses the proceeds of debt issuance to fund liquidity investments that must comply with policies adopted by Farmer Mac's board of directors and with FCA regulations, which establish limitations on asset class, dollar amount, issuer concentration, and credit quality. Those regulations can be found at 12 C.F.R. 652.1-652.45 ("Liquidity and Investment Regulations"). Farmer Mac's regular debt issuance supports its access to the capital markets, and Farmer Mac's liquidity investments provide an alternative source of funds should market conditions become unfavorable. As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac had 0.6 billion of discount notes and 24.4 billion of medium-term notes outstanding. For more information about Farmer Mac's eligible loans, securities, and liquidity investments, as well as its financial performance and sources of capital and liquidity, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." For more information about Farmer Mac's debt issuance, see "Business Financing Debt Issuance." 
 
 Secondary Market 
 
 Farmer Mac's activities are intended to provide lenders with an efficient and competitive secondary market that enhances these lenders' ability to offer competitively-priced financing solutions to borrowers. This secondary market is designed to increase the availability of credit at competitive interest rates to America's rural communities and agricultural sectors, as well as to provide borrowers with the benefits of capital markets pricing and product innovation. The secondary market provided by Farmer Mac functions as a bridge between the public capital markets and the U.S. agricultural and rural credit markets by attracting additional capital sources for financing rural America and agricultural borrowers. 
 
 Farmer Mac's purchases of loans and securities and its sale of guaranteed securities to investors increase lenders' liquidity and lending capacity and provide a stable source of funding for lenders that extend credit to the agricultural and rural credit markets. Farmer Mac's issuance of LTSPCs for loans held by lenders and its issuance of guaranteed securities to lenders in exchange for the related securitized loans could result in lower regulatory capital requirements and reduced borrower or commodity concentration exposure for many lenders, thereby expanding their lending capacity. Through providing efficient and competitive financing solutions, Farmer Mac has the potential to increase lending flexibility for rural credit markets, which may result in lower interest rates paid on loans made by lenders to rural and agricultural borrowers. 
 
 Farmer Mac markets a mix of products to lenders who may be in need of capital, liquidity, portfolio diversification, and/or access to a wide variety of loan products, including those with long-term fixed rates. As part of its outreach strategy, Farmer Mac engages with current and prospective lenders to identify how their use of Farmer Mac's secondary market could further support their origination efforts and drive efficient capital deployment to agricultural communities and rural America. Farmer Mac also provides wholesale funding for institutional investors in agricultural assets that qualify as eligible collateral under Farmer Mac's charter. For these potential issuers, Farmer Mac directs its outreach efforts through its business relationships within the agricultural community and through outreach to institutions whose profile may benefit from wholesale funding. Farmer Mac seeks to maximize the use of technology to support these business development efforts. 

7 

FARMER MAC'S LINES OF BUSINESS 
 
 Farmer Mac engages in a variety of secondary market activities across its two lines of business, Agricultural Finance and Rural Infrastructure Finance. Within those two lines of business are four segments: Corporate AgFinance, Farm Ranch, Rural Utilities, and Renewable Energy, as shown in the table below: 
 
 Agricultural Finance Rural Infrastructure Finance Farm Ranch Corporate AgFinance Rural Utilities Renewable Energy Interest-earning assets Loans X X X X Loans held in securitization trusts 1 
 X AgVantage Securities 1 
 X X X Interest-only portions of agricultural mortgage-backed securities ("IO") 1 
 X USDA Securities X Products and services that earn fee income LTSPCs X X Unfunded commitments X X X X Structured securitization transactions 1 
 X Securitized loan servicing X Other Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities 1 
 X X 
 1 These categories comprise "Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities." 
 
 The loans (and interests in those loans) eligible for Farmer Mac's secondary market activities in each of Farmer Mac's lines of business include: 
 For Farmer Mac's Agricultural Finance line of business, mortgage loans secured by first liens on real estate used in agricultural production or processing, including part-time farms and rural housing loans, as well as agricultural and rural development loans guaranteed by the United States Department of Agriculture ("USDA"); and 
 For Farmer Mac's Rural Infrastructure Finance line of business, loans by lenders organized as cooperatives to finance electrification and telecommunications systems and renewable energy providers or projects in rural areas. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total outstanding business volume in Farmer Mac's two lines of business (Agricultural Finance and Rural Infrastructure Finance) was 25.9 billion. The following table presents the outstanding balances under Farmer Mac's two lines of business as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

8 

Lines of Business - Outstanding Business Volume On or Off Balance Sheet As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Agricultural Finance: Farm Ranch: Loans On-balance sheet 5,150,750 4,775,070 Loans held in consolidated trusts: Beneficial interests owned by third-party investors (Pass-Through) 1 
 On-balance sheet 914,918 948,623 Beneficial interests owned by third-party investors (Structured) 1 
 On-balance sheet 296,658 IO-FMGS 2 
 On-balance sheet 10,622 12,297 USDA Securities On-balance sheet 2,407,302 2,445,806 AgVantage Securities 1 
 On-balance sheet 5,605,000 4,725,000 LTSPCs and unfunded commitments Off-balance sheet 2,822,309 2,587,154 Other Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities 3 
 Off-balance sheet Loans serviced for others Off-balance sheet 20,280 22,331 Total Farm Ranch 17,728,792 16,094,639 Corporate AgFinance: Loans On-balance sheet 1,166,253 1,123,300 AgVantage Securities 1 
 On-balance sheet 359,600 367,464 Unfunded commitments Off-balance sheet 77,654 47,070 Total Corporate AgFinance 1,603,507 1,537,834 Total Agricultural Finance 19,332,299 17,632,473 Rural Infrastructure Finance: Rural Utilities: Loans On-balance sheet 2,801,696 2,302,373 AgVantage Securities 1 
 On-balance sheet 3,044,156 3,033,262 LTSPCs and unfunded commitments Off-balance sheet 512,592 556,837 Other Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities 3 
 Off-balance sheet 2,755 Total Rural Utilities 6,359,613 5,895,227 Renewable Energy: Loans On-balance sheet 219,570 86,763 Unfunded commitments Off-balance sheet 10,600 Total Renewable Energy 230,170 86,763 Total Rural Infrastructure Finance 6,589,783 5,981,990 Total 25,922,082 23,614,463 
 1. A Farmer Mac Guaranteed Security. 
 2. An interest-only Farmer Mac Guaranteed Security retained as part of a structured securitization. 
 3. Other categories of Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities that were sold by Farmer Mac to third parties. 
 
 Agricultural Finance 
 
 Farmer Mac provides a secondary market for eligible loans in Farmer Mac's Agricultural Finance line of business by (1) purchasing and retaining eligible loans and securities, (2) guaranteeing the payment of principal and interest on securities that represent interests in, or obligations secured by, pools of eligible loans, (3) servicing (including as master servicer) eligible loans purchased or securitized by Farmer Mac, and (4) issuing LTSPCs for designated eligible loans. Farmer Mac is compensated for these activities 
 
 9 

through net interest income on loans and securities held on balance sheet, guarantee fees earned on securities issued to third parties, servicing fees on securitized loans, and commitment fees earned on loans in LTSPCs and on unfunded loan commitments. 
 
 Loan Eligibility 
 
 To be eligible for the Agricultural Finance line of business, a loan must either: 
 
 be an agricultural mortgage loan (referred to as "Agricultural Finance mortgage loans") that is 
 secured by a fee simple mortgage or a leasehold mortgage with status as a first lien on agricultural real estate (including part-time farms and rural housing) located within the United States; and 
 an obligation of a citizen or national of the United States, an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence in the United States, or a private corporation or partnership that is majority-owned by U.S. citizens, nationals, or legal resident aliens that, in each case, has training or farming experience that is sufficient to ensure a reasonable likelihood that the loan will be repaid according to its terms; or 
 be the guaranteed portion of a loan guaranteed by the USDA under the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1921 et seq.) (referred to as "USDA Securities"). 
 
 Farmer Mac's charter authorizes a maximum loan size (adjusted annually for inflation) for an eligible Agricultural Finance mortgage loan secured by more than 2,000 acres of agricultural real estate. That maximum loan size was 15.9 million as of December 31, 2022. The charter does not prescribe a maximum loan size or a total borrower exposure for an eligible Agricultural Finance mortgage loan secured by 2,000 acres or less of agricultural real estate. However, an internal policy approved by Farmer Mac's board of directors limits the cumulative direct credit exposure to any one borrower or group of related borrowers on loans secured by 2,000 acres or less of agricultural real estate to 10 of Farmer Mac's Tier 1 capital 132.3 million as of December 31, 2022). For Agricultural Finance mortgage loans, eligible agricultural real estate consists of one or more parcels of land, which may be improved by permanently affixed buildings or other structures, that (i) is used for the production of one or more agricultural commodities or products and (ii) either consists of a minimum of five acres or generates minimum annual receipts of 5,000. 
 
 As required by Farmer Mac's charter, Farmer Mac has established underwriting, security appraisal, and repayment standards for eligible loans that consider the nature, risk profile, and other differences between different categories of eligible loans. The charter prescribes that the following minimum standards must be applied to all Agricultural Finance mortgage loans: 
 
 provide that no loan with a loan-to-value ratio ("LTV") more than 80 may be eligible; 
 require each borrower to demonstrate sufficient cash flow to adequately service the loan; 
 require sufficient documentation standards; 
 protect the integrity of the appraisal process for any loan; and 
 confirm that the borrower is or will be actively engaged in agricultural production. 

10 

Underwriting and Collateral Standards - Farm Ranch 
 
 Farmer Mac experiences direct credit exposure to borrowers on Agricultural Finance mortgage loans in its Farm Ranch reportable operating segment (referred to as "Farm Ranch loans") through its loan purchases, unfunded commitments, LTSPCs, and Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities that represent interests in, or obligations secured by, pools of eligible Farm Ranch loans but that are not AgVantage securities ("Farm Ranch Guaranteed Securities"). Farmer Mac applies credit underwriting standards and methodologies to help assess exposures to Farm Ranch loans, which may include collateral valuation, financial metrics, and other appropriate borrower financial and credit information. 
 
 Farm Ranch loans typically are required to meet specific underwriting criteria established by Farmer Mac or demonstrate compensating strengths in one or more other underwriting criteria. Farmer Mac relies on the combined expertise of experienced internal agricultural credit underwriters and loan servicers, along with external agricultural loan servicing and collateral valuation contractors, to perform the necessary underwriting, servicing, and collateral valuation functions on Farm Ranch loans. 
 
 USDA Securities are exempted from the credit underwriting, collateral valuation, documentation, and other standards that other loans must meet to be eligible for the secondary market provided by Farmer Mac and are exempted from any diversification and internal credit enhancement that may be required of pools of other eligible loans. Farmer Mac purchases nearly all of its USDA Securities through Farmer Mac II LLC, a subsidiary of Farmer Mac that operates substantially all of the business related to Farmer Mac's USDA Securities. 
 
 Underwriting and Collateral Standards - Corporate AgFinance 
 
 Farmer Mac experiences direct credit exposure to borrowers on Agricultural Finance mortgage loans in Farmer Mac s Corporate AgFinance reportable operating segment (referred to as Corporate AgFinance loans through its loan purchases and unfunded commitments. Farmer Mac applies credit underwriting standards and methodologies to help assess exposures to Corporate AgFinance loans, which may include cash flow, leverage, and liquidity assessment, financial metrics analysis, collateral valuation, and other appropriate borrower financial and credit information. 
 
 Corporate AgFinance loans tend to be larger and more complex farming operations than Farm Ranch loans (generally more than 10 million) and typically are loans made to agribusinesses focused on agriculture production, food and fiber processing, and other supply chain production. Thus, Corporate AgFinance loans often have a different credit risk profile than Farm Ranch loans. Farmer Mac has implemented methodologies and parameters to help assess credit risk and has established specific underwriting criteria for Corporate AgFinance loans based on the sector, borrower construct, and transaction complexity. Due to the larger loan sizes and different credit risk profiles, Farmer Mac thoroughly analyzes each prospective Corporate AgFinance loan, including assessing the borrower's leverage, cash flows, liquidity, and revenue and margin trends, as well as evaluating the borrower's suppliers, customers, market share, and competition. Any underlying weaknesses are assessed and analyzed in conjunction with any compensating strengths. Corporate AgFinance loans also typically require ongoing monitoring of reporting requirements and financial and non-financial covenants. Farmer Mac relies on the experience of internal underwriters with the expertise to analyze large, complex farming operations and agribusiness loans, along with collateral valuation contractors, and legal counsel to perform the necessary diligence to assess the overall credit risk and loan structures of these transactions. 

11 

Lenders 
 
 Farmer Mac approves lenders into its network of Farm Ranch loan sellers based on an assessment of the lender's credit profile, which may include factors such as the institution's credit rating, origination history, or financial profile. Most lenders that participate in Farmer Mac's secondary market for Farm Ranch loans meet prescribed criteria that Farmer Mac establishes for loan-selling counterparties, which typically include the requirement to: 
 
 own a requisite amount of Farmer Mac common stock according to a schedule prescribed for the size and type of institution; 
 have, in the judgment of Farmer Mac, the ability and experience to make or purchase and sell Farm Ranch loans and service those loans in accordance with Farmer Mac's requirements either through the lender's own staff or through contractors and originators, as well as have appropriate internal controls, policies, and procedures; 
 maintain a minimum amount of net liquidity or appropriate credit enhancements; and 
 enter into a Seller/Servicer Agreement, which requires compliance with the terms of Farmer Mac's Seller/Servicer Guide, including providing representations and warranties about the eligibility of the loans and accuracy of loan data provided to Farmer Mac. 
 
 Any lender authorized by the USDA to obtain a USDA guarantee on a loan may participate in Farmer Mac's secondary market for USDA Securities. 
 
 Farmer Mac purchases Corporate AgFinance loans and unfunded commitments from a diverse set of lenders that support financing of the agriculture sector. Lenders may be existing Farm Ranch lenders that have larger, more complex borrowers in their territories, as well as larger financial and non-bank institutions, such as national and regional banks, insurance companies, Farm Credit System institutions, and other non-traditional lending organizations, that structure and originate transactions for larger, more complex farming operations and agribusinesses. 
 
 Farmer Mac evaluates each lender that originates Corporate AgFinance loans to assess the experience and capabilities of the lender s ability to originate, structure, distribute, and monitor Corporate AgFinance transactions. In many instances, Farmer Mac will purchase loans and unfunded commitments from lenders that structure and arrange large, syndicated transactions involving numerous lenders that are necessary to support the larger transaction loan size. In these cases, Farmer Mac typically assesses each arranger s capabilities and experience in arranging syndicated loans. Because Corporate AgFinance loans are typically offered to Farmer Mac without or with few representations and warranties, Farmer Mac places a greater emphasis on underwriting and legal documentation due diligence in connection with its purchase of these loans to mitigate risks associated with the transaction, including loan documentation, borrower eligibility, and loan data. 
 
 Loan Servicing 
 
 During 2021, Farmer Mac began servicing a sizeable portion of the Agricultural Finance mortgage loan and USDA Securities portfolios through a strategic acquisition of loan servicing rights along with experienced servicing personnel and an operational servicing platform. Farmer Mac also continues to contract with other institutions to undertake most of the servicing responsibilities for the remaining portion of its Agricultural Finance mortgage loans in accordance with Farmer Mac's specified servicing requirements or in accordance with the servicing standards established by the servicing institution if the 
 
 12 

institution's standards are acceptable to Farmer Mac. For these loans, the servicer may or may not be the same entity as the lender that sold the loans to Farmer Mac. For Farm Ranch loans for which the servicer is not the originating lender, the originating lender often retains some servicing responsibility, particularly with direct borrower contact, which is referred to as "field servicing." Field servicers may enter into contracts with Farmer Mac's servicers that specify their field servicing responsibilities. 
 
 For Farmer Mac's USDA Securities, the lender on each USDA-guaranteed loan is required by regulation to retain the unguaranteed portion of the guaranteed loan, to service the entire underlying guaranteed loan (including the USDA-guaranteed portion of that loan), and to remain mortgagee and/or secured party of record, if applicable. The USDA-guaranteed portion and the unguaranteed portion of the loan are to be secured by the same collateral with equal lien priority. The USDA-guaranteed portion of a loan cannot be paid later than, or in any way be subordinated to, the related unguaranteed portion. 
 
 Other Products - Agricultural Finance 
 
 AgVantage Securities 
 
 Under the AgVantage securities product line, Farmer Mac guarantees and purchases securities issued by lenders and other financial institutions (including financial funds and real estate investment funds) that are secured by pools of eligible loans. Typically, Farmer Mac retains AgVantage securities in its portfolio. Most of the AgVantage securities in Farmer Mac's Agricultural Finance line of business are securities issued by agricultural lenders that are secured by pools of Farm Ranch loans. The AgVantage securities in the Agricultural Finance line of business also include securities issued by other financial institutions (including financial funds and institutional real estate investors) secured by mortgage loans that generally have different credit profiles, structural characteristics, and loan terms than typical Farm Ranch loans. The loans serving as collateral for these AgVantage securities require a more comprehensive underwriting that more closely approximates Farmer Mac's underwriting for Corporate AgFinance loans. 
 
 Farmer Mac has direct credit exposure to the general credit of the issuers of AgVantage securities and assumes the ultimate credit risk of an issuer default on the AgVantage securities. Before approving an institution as an issuer in an AgVantage transaction, Farmer Mac assesses the issuer's creditworthiness as well as the credit quality and performance of the issuer's loan portfolio and loan underwriting standards. Farmer Mac continues to monitor the counterparty risk assessment on an ongoing basis after the AgVantage security is issued. In addition to being a general obligation of the issuer, all AgVantage securities must be secured by eligible loans or eligible securities guaranteed by Farmer Mac in an amount at least equal to the outstanding principal amount of the issuer's AgVantage securities. As a result, Farmer Mac has indirect credit exposure to the loans or guaranteed securities that are pledged to secure the AgVantage securities, which comprise collateral for Farmer Mac in the event of a default by the issuer. 
 
 Loans pledged under AgVantage securities are serviced by the issuers of the securities (or their affiliated servicing institutions) in accordance with these institutions' servicing procedures. Farmer Mac reviews these servicing procedures before purchasing AgVantage securities from the issuer. In AgVantage transactions, the issuer is generally required to remove from the pool of pledged collateral any loan that becomes and remains delinquent in the payment of principal or interest and to replace the delinquent loan with another eligible loan that is current in payment or to pay down the AgVantage securities to maintain the minimum required collateralization level. 

13 

For AgVantage securities secured by loans eligible for Farmer Mac's Agricultural Finance line of business, Farmer Mac currently requires the general obligation to be over-collateralized, either by more eligible loans or any of the following types of assets: 
 
 cash; 
 securities issued by the U.S. Treasury or guaranteed by an agency or instrumentality of the United States; 
 other highly-rated securities; or 
 other instruments approved by Farmer Mac. 
 
 The required collateralization level for the AgVantage securities secured by Agricultural Finance mortgage loans currently ranges from 103 to 125 . The required collateralization level is determined based on credit factors related to the issuer and the credit profile of the loans serving as collateral, is established when the AgVantage facility is entered into with the counterparty, and does not change during the life of the AgVantage securities issued under the facility unless mutually agreed by Farmer Mac and the counterparty. 
 
 For AgVantage securities that are secured by eligible Agricultural Finance mortgage loans, Farmer Mac requires that the loans meet the minimum standards set forth in the charter for those types of loans with a maximum limit of 75.0 million in cumulative exposure to any one borrower or related borrowers from a single AgVantage issuer. 
 
 Guarantees 
 
 Farmer Mac offers two credit enhancement alternatives to direct loan purchases for Farm Ranch loans that allow approved lenders the ability to retain the cash flow benefits of their loans and increase their liquidity and lending capacity: (1) LTSPCs and (2) Farm Ranch Guaranteed Securities. In LTSPCs and Farm Ranch Guaranteed Securities, the lender effectively transfers the credit risk on their eligible loans because, through Farmer Mac's commitment to purchase the loan (in the case of LTSPCs) or Farmer Mac's guarantee (in the case of Farm Ranch Guaranteed Securities), Farmer Mac assumes the ultimate credit risk of borrower defaults on the related loans. 
 
 An LTSPC permits the lender to retain loans in its portfolio until such time, if ever, as the lender elects to deliver some or all of the loans covered by the LTSPC to Farmer Mac for purchase. Loans subject to an LTSPC must meet Farmer Mac's standards for eligible loans at the commencement of the LTSPC when Farmer Mac assumes the credit risk on the loans and are serviced by the holders of those loans in accordance with those lenders' servicing procedures, which Farmer Mac reviews before entering into those transactions. As consideration for its assumption of the credit risk on loans covered by an LTSPC, Farmer Mac receives commitment fees payable monthly in arrears. Some LTSPCs contain risk sharing arrangements for pools of loans that provide for the counterparty to absorb up to a specified amount (typically between one and five percent of the original principal balance of the loan pool) of any losses incurred on the loans in the pool. At a lender's request, Farmer Mac purchases loans subject to an LTSPC at: 
 
 par if the loans become delinquent for either 90 days or 120 days (depending on the agreement) or are in material non-monetary default, with accrued and unpaid interest on the defaulted loans payable out of any future loan payments or liquidation proceeds; or 
 
 14 

fair value or in exchange for cash or Farm Ranch Guaranteed Securities (if the loans are not delinquent), in accordance with the applicable agreement. 
 
 In Farm Ranch Guaranteed Securities transactions, Farmer Mac guarantees securities representing interests in eligible Farm Ranch loans held by a trust or other entity. Farmer Mac guarantees principal and interest payments on the securities in the event of a payment shortfall due to default and either retains these securities or arranges for their sale to third parties. As consideration for its assumption of credit risk on the assets underlying the Farm Ranch Guaranteed Securities, Farmer Mac receives guarantee fees based on the outstanding principal balance of the securities it guarantees. Some Farm Ranch Guaranteed Securities transactions include a smaller, subordinate tranche of securities issued to third parties that are not guaranteed by Farmer Mac, which helps to offset Farmer Mac's credit risk on these transactions. 
 
 Farmer Mac is obligated under its guarantee on the securities to make payments to investors of interest and principal (including balloon payments), regardless of whether Farmer Mac or the related trust has actually received those scheduled payments. Farmer Mac's guarantee fees typically are collected out of installment payments made on the underlying loans until those loans have been repaid, purchased out of the trust, or otherwise liquidated (generally as a result of default). The aggregate amount of guarantee fees received on Farm Ranch Guaranteed Securities depends on the amount of those securities outstanding and on the applicable guarantee fee rate, which Farmer Mac's charter caps at 50 basis points (0.50 per year. 
 
 From time to time, Farmer Mac issues and guarantees securities backed by USDA Securities that it has purchased and also guarantees securities issued by Farmer Mac II LLC backed by USDA Securities that it has purchased. Farmer Mac II LLC does not guarantee any USDA Securities it holds or any Farmer Mac Guaranteed USDA Securities issued by Farmer Mac or Farmer Mac II LLC. 
 
 Rural Infrastructure Finance 
 
 Farmer Mac's charter authorizes the purchase of, and guarantee of securities backed by, loans for electric (including renewable electric energy) or telecommunications facilities by lenders organized as cooperatives to borrowers that have received or are eligible to receive loans under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 ("REA"). The REA is administered by the Rural Utilities Service ("RUS"), an agency of the USDA. Farmer Mac refers to eligible loans made to an electric distribution facility, an electric generation and transmission facility, or a telecommunications facility as "Rural Utilities loans" and refers to eligible loans made to renewable electric energy facilities as "Renewable Energy loans." 
 
 Farmer Mac's Rural Infrastructure Finance line of business encompasses purchases of Rural Utilities loans and Renewable Energy loans and guarantees of securities backed by those loans, as well as LTSPCs for pools of eligible Rural Utilities loans. The vast majority of Farmer Mac's business to date under the Rural Infrastructure Finance line of business has involved Rural Utilities loans made to electric facilities (primarily electric distribution cooperatives and electric generation and transmission cooperatives). During 2022, Farmer Mac purchased 231.0 million of loans and loan commitments to telecommunications companies that provide wireless, cable, fiber transport, and broadband services to rural America as part of its strategic initiative to provide further support for the telecommunications industry. Also during 2022, 
 
 15 

Farmer Mac purchased 147.3 million of Renewable Energy loans as part of its strategic initiative to support rural renewable energy projects. 
 
 Underwriting and Collateral Standards 
 
 Farmer Mac's charter does not specify minimum underwriting criteria for eligible Rural Utilities or Renewable Energy loans. To manage Farmer Mac's credit risk, to mitigate the risk of loss from borrower defaults, and to provide guidance for the management, administration, and conduct of underwriting to participants in the Rural Infrastructure Finance line of business, Farmer Mac has adopted credit underwriting standards that vary by loan product and by loan type. These standards are based on industry practices for similar Rural Utilities and Renewable Energy loans and are designed to assess the creditworthiness of the borrower, as well as the risk to Farmer Mac. 
 
 For Rural Utilities loans, Farmer Mac reviews lenders' credit submissions and analyzes borrowers' audited financial statements and financial and operating reports to confirm that loans meet Farmer Mac's underwriting standards for Rural Utilities loans. It is customary in loans to electric distribution cooperatives and electric generation and transmission cooperatives for the lender or lender group to take a security interest in substantially all of the borrower's assets. When Farmer Mac purchases a Rural Utilities loan with a pledge of all assets and a lender also has a lien on all assets, Farmer Mac verifies that a lien accommodation will result in either a shared first lien or a first lien in favor of Farmer Mac. When debt indentures are used, Farmer Mac determines if available collateral is adequate to support the loan program and Farmer Mac's investment. Farmer Mac also purchases unsecured Rural Utilities loans (primarily electric generation and transmission loans) that meet Farmer Mac's underwriting standards for unsecured Rural Utilities loans. 
 
 For a Renewable Energy loan, Farmer Mac has direct credit exposure to the related standalone renewable energy project. These projects are typically financed on a non-recourse or limited recourse basis and underwritten on a projection basis with significant reliance placed on assumptions used in each project s analysis. Farmer Mac has implemented methodologies and parameters to assess credit risk and has established specific underwriting criteria based on the project and transaction construct and complexity. Farmer Mac thoroughly analyzes each prospective Renewable Energy loan. Farmer Mac performs quantitative assessments typically focused on projected debt service requirements, term and amortization review, interest rate sensitivity, and collateral analysis. Farmer Mac also performs qualitative assessments typically focused on the project sponsor's credentials and experience, off-take (cash flow) considerations, and concentration and other market considerations. Farmer Mac also typically undertakes a review of the project contracts and agreements for each Renewable Energy loan. Renewable Energy loans are typically secured by a first lien on the borrower's project assets, an assignment of the project contracts and agreements, a land or leasehold interest, and in certain cases, a pledge of the equity interests in the borrower entity. Farmer Mac's enforcement rights in any collateral securing a Renewable Energy loan may be subject to tax equity interests in the borrower's renewable energy project. 
 
 Lenders and Loan Servicing 
 
 Farmer Mac's charter requires loans in Farmer Mac's Rural Infrastructure Finance line of business to involve a lender organized as a cooperative. Farmer Mac does not directly service the Rural Utilities or Renewable Energy loans held in its portfolio. Typically, these loans are serviced by the lender or other organization designated by Farmer Mac that has experience in servicing loans to utilities and renewable energy providers and in the context of project finance, as applicable. 
 
 16 

Other Products - Rural Infrastructure Finance 
 
 AgVantage Securities 
 
 Farmer Mac's portfolio of AgVantage securities in its Rural Infrastructure Finance line of business includes securities issued by cooperative lenders that are secured by pools of Rural Utilities loans. For these AgVantage securities, Farmer Mac requires: 
 
 the counterparty issuing the general obligation to have a credit rating from a nationally-recognized statistical rating organization ("NRSRO") that is at least investment grade, or be of comparable creditworthiness as determined through Farmer Mac's analysis; and 
 the collateralization (consisting of current, performing loans) to be maintained at the contractually prescribed level, in an amount at least equal to the outstanding principal amount of the security. 
 
 Although Farmer Mac has only indirect credit exposure on the Rural Utilities loans pledged to secure AgVantage securities, the same underwriting standards that apply to loans made to Rural Utilities borrowers on which Farmer Mac assumes direct credit exposure also apply to loans made to Rural Utilities borrowers that secure the AgVantage securities. Farmer Mac's charter does not prescribe a maximum loan size or a total borrower exposure for an eligible Rural Utilities loan, but Farmer Mac's current limit for AgVantage transactions is 75.0 million for cumulative loan exposure to any one borrower or related borrowers (with the amount of any direct exposure to a borrower not counting towards the 75.0 million limit). 

COMPETITION 
 
 Farmer Mac is the only federally-chartered corporation established to provide a secondary market for agricultural mortgage loans, rural infrastructure loans, and USDA Securities, but faces competition from other entities that purchase, retain, securitize, or provide financing for the types of assets eligible for Farmer Mac's secondary market activities. These entities include commercial and investment banks, insurance companies, other FCS institutions, financial funds, and certain government programs. Farmer Mac also competes indirectly with originators of eligible loans that would prefer to retain the loans they originate rather than sell them into the secondary market. Farmer Mac is able to compete to acquire eligible loans due to the variety of products it offers and its ability to offer competitive funding structures and pricing to its customers. This enables Farmer Mac to provide flexible financing options and products designed to meet the varied needs of lending institutions related to capital requirements, liquidity, credit risk, and management of sector and geographic concentrations and borrower exposure limits. The relative competitiveness of Farmer Mac's loan rates and Farmer Mac's ability to develop business with lending institutions are affected by many factors, including: 
 
 the overall supply of capital available to agricultural and rural infrastructure borrowers; 
 the types and variety of products offered by Farmer Mac's competitors to meet the needs of Farmer Mac's customer base; 
 changes in the levels of available capital and liquidity of lending institutions; 
 the existence of alternative sources of funding and credit enhancement for lending institutions; 
 the rate of growth in the market for eligible loans; and 
 demand for Farmer Mac's products. 
 
 17 

Because Farmer Mac's charter limits Farmer Mac's business to secondary-market activities, Farmer Mac's competitive position is affected by the willingness of originators to offer eligible loans for sale in the secondary market or to utilize Farmer Mac for funding syndicated or participated loans. The charter's limits on loan size for some Agricultural Finance mortgage loans, as well as the types of loans that are eligible for Farmer Mac's lines of business, also affect Farmer Mac's competitive position. For more information on government regulation of Farmer Mac, see "Business Government Regulation of Farmer Mac." 
 
 Farmer Mac's ability to obtain competitive funding in the debt markets is essential to its ability to maintain its relative position with its customers. As a result, competition for debt investors with other debt-issuing institutions, such as the FCS, Federal Home Loan Banks, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and highly-rated financial institutions, can affect the price and volume at which Farmer Mac issues debt and therefore its ability to offer savings to customers in the form of competitive products. 

CAPITAL AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Farmer Mac's charter prescribes the company's basic capital and corporate governance structure, as described below. The charter authorizes Farmer Mac to issue two classes of voting common stock, each of which elects one-third of Farmer Mac's 15-person board of directors. The charter also authorizes Farmer Mac to issue non-voting common stock. 
 
 Presidential appointments . Five members of Farmer Mac's 15-member board of directors are individuals who meet the qualifications specified in the charter and are appointed by the President of the United States with the advice and consent of the United States Senate (one of whom is designated as the chair of the board of directors). These appointed directors serve at the pleasure of the President of the United States with no set term. 
 
 Class A voting common stock . The charter restricts ownership of Farmer Mac's Class A voting common stock to banks, insurance companies, and other financial institutions or similar entities that are not institutions of the FCS. The charter also provides that five members of Farmer Mac's 15-member board of directors are elected by a plurality of the votes of the Class A stockholders each year. The charter limits the amount of Class A voting common stock that any one holder may own to no more than 33 of the outstanding shares of Class A voting common stock. Farmer Mac is not aware of any regulation applicable to non-FCS financial institutions that requires a minimum investment in Farmer Mac's Class A voting common stock or that prescribes a maximum investment amount lower than the 33 limit set forth in the charter. Farmer Mac's Class A voting common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AGM.A. 
 
 Class B voting common stock . The charter restricts ownership of Farmer Mac's Class B voting common stock to FCS institutions and also provides that five members of Farmer Mac's 15-member board of directors are elected by a plurality of the votes of the Class B stockholders each year. The charter contains no restrictions on the maximum number or percentage of outstanding shares of Class B voting common stock that any one holder may own, and Farmer Mac is not aware of any regulation applicable to FCS institutions that requires a minimum investment in its Class B voting common stock or that prescribes a maximum amount. Farmer Mac's Class B voting common stock, which has a limited market and trades infrequently, is not listed or quoted on any 
 
 18 

exchange or other quotation system, and Farmer Mac is not aware of any publicly available quotations or prices for this class of common stock. 
 
 Class C non-voting common stock . The charter does not impose any ownership restrictions on Farmer Mac's Class C non-voting common stock, so shares of this class are freely transferable. Farmer Mac uses Class C non-voting common stock for awards of equity-based compensation to officers, directors, and selected employees as part of the company's compensation programs. Holders of the Class C non-voting common stock do not vote on the election of directors or any other matter. Farmer Mac's Class C non-voting common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AGM. 
 
 The dividend and liquidation rights of all three classes of Farmer Mac's common stock are the same. Dividends may be paid on Farmer Mac's common stock only when, as, and if declared by Farmer Mac's board of directors in its sole discretion, subject to compliance with applicable capital requirements and the payment of dividends on any outstanding preferred stock issued by Farmer Mac. Upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the business of Farmer Mac, after payment and provision for payment of outstanding debt of Farmer Mac, the holders of shares of Farmer Mac's currently outstanding 6.000 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C ("Series C Preferred Stock"), 5.700 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D ("Series D Preferred Stock"), 5.750 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series E ("Series E Preferred Stock"), 5.250 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F ("Series F Preferred Stock"), 4.875 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series G ("Series G Preferred Stock"), and any other preferred stock then outstanding, would be paid at par value out of assets available for distribution, plus all declared and unpaid dividends, before the holders of shares of common stock received any payment. See also "Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities" for more information about Farmer Mac's common stock, and "Business Financing Equity Issuance" for more information about Farmer Mac's common stock and preferred stock. 
 
 Unlike some other GSEs such as other FCS institutions and the Federal Home Loan Banks, Farmer Mac is not structured as a cooperative owned exclusively by member institutions and established to provide services exclusively to its members. Rather, Farmer Mac, as a publicly-traded corporation, has a broader base of stockholders, including those who do not directly participate in the secondary market provided by Farmer Mac. Farmer Mac therefore seeks to fulfill its mission of serving the financing needs of rural America in a way that is consistent with providing a return on the investment of its stockholders. 
 
 Farmer Mac generally requires financial institutions to own a requisite amount of Farmer Mac common stock, based on the size and type of institution, to sell Agricultural Finance mortgage loans to Farmer Mac. As a result of this requirement, coupled with the ability of holders of Class A and Class B voting common stock to elect two-thirds of Farmer Mac's board of directors, Farmer Mac regularly conducts business with "related parties," including institutions affiliated with members of Farmer Mac's board of directors and institutions that own large amounts of Farmer Mac's voting common stock. Farmer Mac has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and related corporate policies that govern any conflicts of interest that may arise in these transactions. Farmer Mac also requires that any transactions with related parties be conducted in the ordinary course of business, with terms and conditions comparable to those available to any other counterparty not related to Farmer Mac. For more information about related party transactions, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Related Party Transactions" and Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 19 

Capital 
 
 Farmer Mac's charter establishes three capital standards for Farmer Mac minimum capital, critical capital, and risk-based capital. Farmer Mac must comply with the higher of the minimum capital requirement and the risk-based capital requirement. Also, in accordance with the applicable FCA regulation on capital planning, Farmer Mac's board of directors oversees a policy that requires Farmer Mac to maintain a sufficient level of Tier 1 capital and restricts dividends and bonus payments if Farmer Mac's Tier 1 capital falls below specified thresholds. For a discussion of Farmer Mac's capital requirements and its actual capital levels, as well as FCA's role in the establishment and monitoring of those requirements and levels, see "Business Government Regulation of Farmer Mac Capital Standards," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Balance Sheet Review Equity," and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital Requirements." 
 
 Regulatory Oversight 
 
 Farmer Mac's charter assigns to FCA, acting through the separate Office of Secondary Market Oversight ("OSMO") within FCA, the responsibility for the examination of Farmer Mac and the general supervision of the safe and sound performance of the powers, functions, and duties vested in Farmer Mac by the charter. The charter also authorizes FCA, acting through OSMO, to apply its general enforcement powers to Farmer Mac. Farmer Mac's charter requires an annual examination of the financial transactions of Farmer Mac and authorizes FCA to assess Farmer Mac for the cost of FCA's regulatory activities, including the cost of any examination. Farmer Mac is also required to file quarterly reports of condition with OSMO. As a publicly-traded corporation, Farmer Mac also must comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the SEC. For a more detailed discussion of Farmer Mac's regulatory and governmental relationships, see "Business Government Regulation of Farmer Mac." 

HUMAN CAPITAL 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac employed 158 people, with 23 new employees hired during the year resulting in a net increase of 5 employees (3 compared to year-end 2021. Farmer Mac primarily employs full-time employees to meet its business needs as it grows and evolves while supplementing human capital needs with part-time employees (including interns) and independent contractors and consultants as needed. 
 
 Farmer Mac has experienced a geographic evolution in its workforce during the last three years and now employs personnel in 26 states across the United States. This represents a 73 increase in geographic diversity (by state) since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic. As of December 31, 2022, 89 full-time employees were located in the Washington, D.C. area, 27 full-time employees were located in the Johnston, Iowa area, and 42 full-time employees worked on a fully remote basis in other parts of the United States. 
 
 Workplace Culture 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to motivate many organizations, including Farmer Mac, to focus on how and where people work and to reassess physical workspace needs. In 2022, Farmer Mac advanced its philosophy about how and where its employees should work, moving toward a "Presence with Purpose" 
 
 20 

model. This hybrid work approach, which is grounded in the three core principles of community, collaboration, and communication, relies on managers and leaders to consider their unique team circumstances and determine an appropriate cadence for purposeful in-person presence. This has allowed leadership to leverage the collaborative benefits that cannot be fully replicated remotely while still being flexible with the unique needs of each team and employee. To ensure continuity in regular communication, Farmer Mac has continued to reinforce employees' access to secure digital meeting platforms, and its senior executive team has continued to lead regular meetings of all employees to share pertinent information on Farmer Mac's business and operations and to provide a forum for discussing issues. Farmer Mac was recognized in 2022 by Top Workplaces USA for Cultural Excellence in the categories of Innovation, Employee Appreciation, Leadership, and Compensation Benefits. 
 
 Compensation Benefits 
 
 As a financial services organization, Farmer Mac must attract and retain a highly skilled workforce in an often competitive employment environment. We use traditional methods to attract and retain talent, such as competitive salaries and benefits that include: 
 
 a robust paid time off program (up to 5 weeks of vacation, 2 weeks of sick leave, 11 paid holidays, 12 weeks pregnancy leave, and 4 weeks parental leave); 
 a group health plan with all premiums paid by Farmer Mac; 
 a 401(k) plan that provides for both voluntary employee contributions and employer contributions at the levels described in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements; 
 group term life insurance and long-term disability insurance with all premiums paid by Farmer Mac; 
 pre-tax dependent care reimbursement; 
 partially-funded health savings accounts; 
 access to group rates for legal services insurance, additional life insurance, and pet insurance; and 
 professional and career development opportunities and programs. 
 
 Talent Acquisition and Development 
 
 Farmer Mac is committed to the professional and career development of all employees. "Farmer Mac LEARN" is a program that Farmer Mac launched in 2022 to provide a comprehensive suite of learning and development services to maximize the learning effectiveness in the business. Farmer Mac LEARN includes online modules focused on new employee onboarding, business training, competency development, leadership development, and career development. During 2022, strategic focus was placed on new employee onboarding and leadership development, including specialized programs and online courses in each category. In addition to Farmer Mac LEARN, Farmer Mac made investments in multiple digital learning platforms in 2022 and continues to offer an education assistance plan for employees with at least one year of full-time employment. 
 
 As part of its workforce strategy, Farmer Mac is building intern and talent pipelines through partnership with academic institutions, community organizations, and business partners. Farmer Mac also places strategic focus on succession planning, and detailed succession plans are crafted in partnership with key leaders in the business to identify and develop high potential leaders to promote career readiness for expanded responsibilities and roles in Farmer Mac. 

21 

Farmer Mac experienced a 12.3 turnover rate in 2022, which was up from 7.3 in 2021, largely a result of a highly-competitive employment market. 
 
 Philanthropy 
 
 Farmer Mac's mission to serve agricultural and rural communities, as well as philanthropic activities undertaken in support of its mission, provide Farmer Mac an advantage in its effort to attract and retain talent. Farmer Mac's philanthropic philosophy centers on supporting agriculture and rural communities and supporting the next generation of farmers and ranchers and financial professionals, including in the communities where our employees live. 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 Farmer Mac's onboarding program includes a mandatory compliance session for every new hire and contract consultant within their first week. All employees also take annual training on and recertification of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which encompasses the following core principles: (1) promoting a safe workplace and a respectful and inclusive culture, (2) conducting business lawfully, fairly, and objectively, (3) communicating responsibly and protecting information, (4) conducting business diligently and being a good corporate citizen, and (5) how to report actual or suspected misconduct. Farmer Mac's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics was refreshed in May 2022 while maintaining this principles-based approach. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available at www.farmermac.com and is not incorporated by reference into this report. 
 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 
 Farmer Mac's diversity, equity, and inclusion ("DEI") council was formed in late 2020 at the direction of Farmer Mac's board of directors and senior executives. The DEI council consists of 12 rotating Farmer Mac employees with the assistance of outside DEI consultants. In 2022, Farmer Mac continued to strengthen its focus on DEI efforts within Farmer Mac's workforce by executing its multiyear strategic plan with a focus during 2022 on enterprise-wide education. 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 
 Farmer Mac makes available free of charge, through the "Investors" section of its internet website at www.farmermac.com, copies of materials it files with, or furnishes to, the SEC, including its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and any amendments to those filings, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing those materials with, or furnishing those materials to, the SEC. All references to www.farmermac.com in this report are inactive textual references only. The information contained on Farmer Mac's website is not incorporated by reference into this report. 

22 

FUNDING OF GUARANTEE AND LTSPC OBLIGATIONS 
 
 The main sources of funding for the payment of Farmer Mac's obligations under its guarantees and LTSPCs are the fees Farmer Mac receives for its guarantees and commitments, net effective spread, proceeds of debt issuances, loan repayments, and maturities of AgVantage securities. Farmer Mac has traditionally satisfied its obligations under LTSPCs and its guarantees by purchasing defaulted loans out of the LTSPCs or from related securitization trusts under the terms of the respective agreements governing the LTSPC or guaranteed securities. Farmer Mac typically recovers a significant portion of the value of defaulted loans purchased either through borrower payments, loan payoffs, payments by third parties, or foreclosure and sale of the property securing the loans. Net credit losses/(gains) arising from Farmer Mac's guarantees and commitments include charge-offs/(recoveries) against its allowance for losses, gains and losses on the sale of real estate acquired through foreclosure (known as "real estate owned" or "REO"), and fair value adjustments of REOs held. 
 
 Farmer Mac's charter requires Farmer Mac to maintain in its accounts a portion of the guarantee fees it receives from its guarantee activities as a reserve against losses. As of December 31, 2022, this reserve against losses arising from Farmer Mac's guarantee activities was 119.6 million. Farmer Mac calculates the amount of this statutorily required reserve against losses arising from its guarantee activities based on the credit risk component of guarantee fees received on all securities it guarantees, including AgVantage securities. This amount does not represent expected credit losses and does not directly relate to either the allowance for loan losses or the reserve for losses in Farmer Mac's consolidated balance sheets. Rather, this is the amount of capital that must be exhausted before Farmer Mac may issue obligations to the U.S. Treasury against the 1.5 billion that Farmer Mac is statutorily authorized to borrow from the U.S. Treasury to fulfill its guarantee obligations. That borrowing authority is not intended to be a routine funding source and has never been used. For a more detailed discussion of Farmer Mac's borrowing authority from the U.S. Treasury, see "Business Farmer Mac's Authority to Borrow from the U.S. Treasury." 
 
 Farmer Mac's total outstanding guarantees and LTSPCs exceed the total of: (1) the amount held as an allowance for losses, (2) the amount maintained as a reserve against losses arising from guarantee activities, and (3) the amount Farmer Mac may borrow from the U.S. Treasury. However, Farmer Mac does not expect its future payment obligations under its guarantees and LTSPCs to exceed amounts available to satisfy those obligations, which includes access to the underlying collateral in the event of default. For information about Farmer Mac's allowance for losses, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Credit Risk Loans and Guarantees" and Note 2(h), Note 8, and Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. 

FINANCING 

Debt Issuance 
 
 Farmer Mac's charter authorizes Farmer Mac to issue debt obligations to purchase eligible loans and securities, USDA Securities, and to maintain reasonable amounts of liquid investments to maintain an adequate supply of liquidity. Farmer Mac funds its purchases of eligible program assets and liquidity investment assets primarily by issuing debt obligations of various maturities in the public capital markets. Farmer Mac also issues debt obligations to obtain funds to finance its obligations under guarantees and LTSPCs. Farmer Mac's debt obligations include discount notes and medium-term notes, including callable medium-term notes, all of which are unsecured general obligations of Farmer Mac. 
 
 23 

Discount notes have original maturities of year or less. Medium-term notes generally have maturities of years to years. 
 
 The interest and principal on Farmer Mac's debt obligations are not guaranteed by, and do not constitute debts or obligations of, FCA, the United States, or any agency or instrumentality of the United States other than Farmer Mac. Farmer Mac is an institution of the FCS but is not liable for any debt or obligation of any other institution of the FCS. Likewise, neither the FCS nor any other individual institution of the FCS is liable for any debt or obligation of Farmer Mac. Income to the purchaser of a Farmer Mac discount note or medium-term note is not exempt under federal law from federal, state, or local taxation. Farmer Mac's discount notes and medium-term notes are not currently rated by an NRSRO. 
 
 Farmer Mac invests the proceeds of its debt issuances in eligible program asset purchases, Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities, and liquidity investment assets in accordance with policies established by its board of directors that comply with Farmer Mac's Liquidity and Investment Regulations, which establish limitations on asset class, dollar amount, issuer concentration, and credit quality. Farmer Mac's regular debt issuance supports its access to the capital markets, and Farmer Mac's liquidity investment assets provide an alternative source of funds should market conditions be unfavorable. 
 
 For more information about the Liquidity and Investment Regulations, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources." For more information about Farmer Mac's outstanding investments and indebtedness, see Note 4 and Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Equity Issuance 
 
 Farmer Mac's charter authorizes Farmer Mac to issue voting common stock, non-voting common stock, and non-voting preferred stock. Farmer Mac may obtain additional capital from future issuances of common stock and preferred stock. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Only banks, other financial entities, insurance companies, and institutions of the FCS may hold voting common stock. No holder of Class A voting common stock may directly or indirectly be a beneficial owner of more than 33 of the outstanding shares of Class A voting common stock. There are no restrictions on the maximum number or percentage of outstanding shares of Class B voting common stock that may be held by an eligible stockholder. No ownership restrictions apply to Class C non-voting common stock, and those securities are freely transferable. 
 
 The dividend rights of all three classes of Farmer Mac's common stock are the same, and dividends may be paid on common stock only when, as, and if declared by Farmer Mac's board of directors in its sole discretion, subject to compliance with applicable capital requirements and the payment of dividends on outstanding preferred stock. Upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the business of Farmer Mac, after payment and provision for payment of outstanding debt of Farmer Mac, the holders of shares of preferred stock would be paid at par value out of assets available for distribution, plus all declared and unpaid dividends, before the holders of shares of common stock received any payment. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the following shares of Farmer Mac common stock were outstanding: 

24 

1,030,780 shares of Class A voting common stock; 
 500,301 shares of Class B voting common stock; and 
 9,270,265 shares of Class C non-voting common stock. 
 
 During first quarter 2020, Farmer Mac repurchased approximately 4,000 shares of Class C non-voting common stock at a cost of approximately 0.2 million under a share repurchase program that Farmer Mac's board of directors approved in 2015 and modified in 2019. Shortly after these repurchases were completed, Farmer Mac indefinitely suspended its share repurchase program in an effort to preserve capital and liquidity in view of market volatility and uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 In March 2021, Farmer Mac's board of directors reinstated the share repurchase program on its previous terms (with a remaining authorization of up to 9.8 million in stock repurchases) and recently extended the expiration date of the program to March 2025. As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac had repurchased approximately 673,000 shares of Class C non-voting common stock at a cost of approximately 19.8 million under the share repurchase program since 2015. 
 
 The following table presents the dividends declared on Farmer Mac's common stock during and after 2022: 
 Date Dividend Declared Per Share Amount For Holders Of Record As Of Date Paid February 24, 2022 0.95 March 16, 2022 March 31, 2022 May 18, 2022 0.95 June 15, 2022 June 30, 2022 August 10, 2022 0.95 September 15, 2022 September 30, 2022 November 9, 2022 0.95 December 15, 2022 December 31, 2022 February 22, 2023 1.10 March 16, 2023 
 The dividend declared on February 22, 2023 is scheduled to be paid on March 31, 2023. 
 
 Farmer Mac's ability to declare and pay common stock dividends could be restricted if it were to fail to comply with applicable capital requirements. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements and "Business Government Regulation of Farmer Mac Capital Standards." 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 No ownership restrictions apply to any preferred stock issued by Farmer Mac, and those securities are freely transferable. As of December 31, 2022, the following shares of Farmer Mac preferred stock were outstanding: 
 
 3,000,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock, all of which were issued in June 2014; 
 4,000,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock, all of which were issued in May 2019; 
 3,180,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock, all of which were issued in May 2020; 
 4,800,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock, all of which were issued in August 2020; and 
 5,000,000 shares of Series G Preferred Stock, all of which were issued in May 2021. 
 
 The Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series E Preferred Stock, Series F Preferred Stock, and Series G Preferred Stock, (collectively, "Outstanding Preferred Stock") each has a par value of 25.00 per share and an initial liquidation preference of 25.00 per share. Since each of their respective issuances, Farmer Mac has not issued any more shares of any series of Outstanding Preferred Stock. Each series of Outstanding Preferred Stock ranks senior to Farmer Mac's outstanding Class A voting common 
 
 25 

stock, Class B voting common stock, Class C non-voting common stock, and any other common stock of Farmer Mac issues in the future. 
 
 The Series D Preferred Stock, Series E Preferred Stock, Series F Preferred Stock, and Series G Preferred Stock pay an annual dividend rate fixed at 5.700 , 5.750 , 5.250 , and 4.875 , respectively, for the life of the securities. The Series C Preferred Stock pays an annual dividend rate of 6.000 from the date of issuance to and including the quarterly payment date on July 17, 2024 and thereafter at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus 3.260 . Dividends on all series of Outstanding Preferred Stock are non-cumulative, so if the board of directors has not declared a dividend before the applicable dividend payment date for any dividend period, the dividend will not be paid or accumulate, and Farmer Mac will not be obligated to pay dividends for that dividend period, whether or not dividends on any series of Outstanding Preferred Stock are declared for any future dividend period. Farmer Mac may pay dividends on the Outstanding Preferred Stock without paying dividends on any class or series of stock Farmer Mac may issue in the future that ranks junior to the Outstanding Preferred Stock. 
 
 The Series C Preferred Stock, Series D Preferred Stock, Series E Preferred Stock, Series F Preferred Stock, and Series G Preferred Stock rank equally with each other and will rank equally with any other class or series of stock Farmer Mac may issue in the future of equal priority as to dividends and upon liquidation. Farmer Mac has the right, but not the obligation, to redeem some or all of the issued and outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock on and any time after July 18, 2024, the Series D Preferred Stock on and after July 17, 2024, the Series E Preferred Stock on and after July 17, 2025, the Series F Preferred Stock on and after October 17, 2025, and the Series G Preferred Stock on and any time after July 17, 2026, all at a price equal to the then-applicable liquidation preference. Any redemption date for the Series D, Series E, Series F, or Series G Preferred Stock must be a scheduled quarterly dividend payment date. The Outstanding Preferred Stock is considered Tier 1 capital for Farmer Mac. For more information on Farmer Mac's capital requirements, see "Business Government Regulation of Farmer Mac Capital Standards." 
 
 The following table presents the dividends declared and paid on Series C Preferred Stock during and after 2022: 
 Date Dividend Declared Per Share Amount For Period Beginning For Period Ending Date Paid February 24, 2022 0.3750 January 18, 2022 April 17, 2022 April 17, 2022 May 18, 2022 0.3750 April 18, 2022 July 17, 2022 July 17, 2022 August 10, 2022 0.3750 July 18, 2022 October 17, 2022 October 17, 2022 November 9, 2022 0.3750 October 18, 2022 January 17, 2023 January 17, 2023 February 22, 2023 0.3750 January 18, 2023 April 17, 2023 
 The dividend declared on February 22, 2023 is scheduled to be paid on April 17, 2023. 

26 

The following table presents the dividends declared and paid on Series D Preferred Stock during and after 2022: 
 Date Dividend Declared Per Share Amount For Period Beginning For Period Ending Date Paid February 24, 2022 0.35625 January 18, 2022 April 17, 2022 April 17, 2022 May 18, 2022 0.35625 April 18, 2022 July 17, 2022 July 17, 2022 August 10, 2022 0.35625 July 18, 2022 October 17, 2022 October 17, 2022 November 9, 2022 0.35625 October 18, 2022 January 17, 2023 January 17, 2023 February 22, 2023 0.35625 January 18, 2023 April 17, 2023 
 The dividend declared on February 22, 2023 is scheduled to be paid on April 17, 2023. 
 
 The following table presents the dividends declared and paid on Series E Preferred Stock during and after 2022: 
 Date Dividend Declared Per Share Amount For Period Beginning For Period Ending Date Paid February 24, 2022 0.359375 January 18, 2022 April 17, 2022 April 17, 2022 May 18, 2022 0.359375 April 18, 2022 July 17, 2022 July 17, 2022 August 10, 2022 0.359375 July 18, 2022 October 17, 2022 October 17, 2022 November 9, 2022 0.359375 October 18, 2022 January 17, 2023 January 17, 2023 February 22, 2023 0.359375 January 18, 2023 April 17, 2023 
 The dividend declared on February 22, 2023 is scheduled to be paid on April 17, 2023. 
 
 The following table presents the dividends declared and paid on Series F Preferred Stock during and after 2022: 
 Date Dividend Declared Per Share Amount For Period Beginning For Period Ending Date Paid February 24, 2022 0.3281250 January 18, 2022 April 17, 2022 April 17, 2022 May 18, 2022 0.3281250 April 18, 2022 July 17, 2022 July 17, 2022 August 10, 2022 0.3281250 July 18, 2022 October 17, 2022 October 17, 2022 November 9, 2022 0.3281250 October 18, 2022 January 17, 2023 January 17, 2023 February 22, 2023 0.3281250 January 18, 2023 April 17, 2023 
 The dividend declared on February 22, 2023 is scheduled to be paid on April 17, 2023. 
 
 The following table presents the dividends declared and paid on Series G Preferred Stock during and after 2022: Date Dividend Declared Per Share Amount For Period Beginning For Period Ending Date Paid February 24, 2022 0.3046875 January 18, 2022 April 17, 2022 April 17, 2022 May 18, 2022 0.3046875 April 18, 2022 July 17, 2022 July 17, 2022 August 10, 2022 0.3046875 July 18, 2022 October 17, 2022 October 17, 2022 November 9, 2022 0.3046875 October 18, 2022 January 17, 2023 January 17, 2023 February 22, 2023 0.3046875 January 18, 2023 April 17, 2023 The dividend declared on February 22, 2023 is scheduled to be paid on April 17, 2023. 

27 

FARMER MAC'S AUTHORITY TO BORROW FROM THE U.S. TREASURY 
 
 Farmer Mac is authorized to borrow up to 1.5 billion from the U.S. Treasury through the issuance of debt obligations to the U.S. Treasury. Any funds borrowed from the U.S. Treasury may be used solely to fulfill Farmer Mac's guarantee obligations. Farmer Mac's charter provides that the U.S. Treasury is required to purchase Farmer Mac's debt obligations up to the authorized limit if Farmer Mac certifies that: 
 
 a portion of the guarantee fees assessed by Farmer Mac has been set aside as a reserve against losses arising out of Farmer Mac's guarantee activities in an amount determined by Farmer Mac's board of directors to be necessary and such reserve has been exhausted (that amount was 
 119.6 million as of December 31, 2022); and 
 the proceeds of such obligations are needed to fulfill Farmer Mac's guarantee obligations. 
 
 Any debt obligations issued by Farmer Mac under this authority would bear interest at a rate determined by the U.S. Treasury, taking into consideration the average rate on outstanding marketable obligations of the United States as of the last day of the last calendar month ending before the date of the purchase of the obligations from Farmer Mac. Farmer Mac would be required to repurchase any of its debt obligations held by the U.S. Treasury within a "reasonable time." As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac had not used this borrowing authority and does not expect to use this borrowing authority in the future. 
 
 The United States government does not guarantee payments due on securities guaranteed by Farmer Mac, funds invested in the equity or debt securities of Farmer Mac, any dividend payments on shares of Farmer Mac stock, or the profitability of Farmer Mac. 

28 

GOVERNMENT REGULATION OF FARMER MAC 

General 
 
 Farmer Mac was created by federal statute in 1988 in the aftermath of the collapse of the agricultural credit delivery system. Farmer Mac's primary committees of jurisdiction in Congress the Committee on Agriculture of the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry added requirements for Farmer Mac that had not been included in any of the other statutes establishing other GSEs. Unlike the other existing GSEs at the time, Farmer Mac was required to be regulated by an independent regulator, FCA, which has the authority to regulate Farmer Mac's safety and soundness. The statute creating Farmer Mac expressly requires that eligible Farm Ranch loans meet minimum credit and appraisal standards that represent sound loans to profitable businesses. The enabling legislation also did not contain a specific federal securities law exemption, which had the effect of requiring Farmer Mac to comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the SEC, including filing annual and quarterly reports on the financial status of Farmer Mac and current reports when there are significant developments. Farmer Mac's charter also requires offerings of securities backed by eligible loans and guaranteed by Farmer Mac to be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and related regulations (collectively, "Securities Act"), unless an exemption for an offering is available that is not based on Farmer Mac's status as an instrumentality of the United States. 
 
 Since Farmer Mac's creation, Congress has amended Farmer Mac's charter five times: 
 
 in 1990 to authorize Farmer Mac to purchase, and guarantee securities backed by, USDA Securities; 
 in 1991 to clarify Farmer Mac's authority to purchase its guaranteed securities, establish OSMO as Farmer Mac's financial regulator, and set minimum regulatory capital requirements for Farmer Mac; 
 in 1996 to remove certain barriers to and restrictions on Farmer Mac's operations to be more competitive (e.g., allowing Farmer Mac to buy loans directly from lenders and issue guaranteed securities representing 100 of the principal of the purchased loans and modifying capital requirements); 
 in 2008 to authorize Farmer Mac to purchase, and guarantee securities backed by, loans or interests in loans by lenders organized as cooperatives to borrowers to finance electrification and telecommunications systems in rural areas; and 
 in 2018 to expand the acreage exception to agricultural mortgage loan amount limitation from 1,000 acres to 2,000 acres, subject to FCA's feasibility assessment (which was completed in June 2019), and to repeal obsolete provisions and make technical corrections. 
 
 Farmer Mac's authorities and regulatory structure were not revised by legislation adopted in 2008 to regulate other GSEs. 

Office of Secondary Market Oversight (OSMO) 
 
 As an institution of the FCS, Farmer Mac (including its subsidiaries) is subject to the regulatory authority of FCA. Farmer Mac's charter assigns to FCA, acting through OSMO within FCA, the responsibility for the examination of Farmer Mac and the general supervision of the safe and sound performance of the powers, functions, and duties vested in Farmer Mac by its charter. The charter also authorizes FCA, acting through OSMO, to apply its general enforcement powers to Farmer Mac. Farmer Mac (including its 
 
 29 

subsidiaries) is the only entity regulated by OSMO, which was created as a separate office in recognition of the different role that Farmer Mac plays in providing a secondary market, as compared to the roles of other FCS institutions as primary lenders. The Director of OSMO is selected by and reports to the FCA board. 
 
 Farmer Mac's charter requires an annual examination of the financial transactions of Farmer Mac and authorizes FCA to assess Farmer Mac for the cost of its regulatory activities, including the cost of any examination. Each year, OSMO conducts an examination of Farmer Mac to evaluate its safety and soundness, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and mission achievement. The examination includes a review of Farmer Mac's capital adequacy, asset quality, management performance, earnings, liquidity, and sensitivity to interest rate risk. OSMO may also conduct additional oversight and examination activities unrelated to its annual examination of Farmer Mac at any other time it determines necessary. Farmer Mac is also required to file quarterly reports of condition with FCA. 

Capital Standards 
 
 General Requirements . Farmer Mac's charter establishes three capital standards for Farmer Mac: 
 
 Statutory minimum capital requirement . Farmer Mac's minimum capital level is an amount of core capital (stockholders' equity less accumulated other comprehensive income) equal to the sum of 2.75 of Farmer Mac's aggregate on-balance sheet assets, as calculated for regulatory purposes, plus 0.75 of Farmer Mac's aggregate off-balance sheet obligations, specifically including: 
 
 the unpaid principal balance of outstanding loan-backed securities guaranteed by Farmer Mac; 
 instruments issued or guaranteed by Farmer Mac that are substantially equivalent to securities guaranteed by Farmer Mac, including LTSPCs; and 
 other off-balance sheet obligations of Farmer Mac. 
 
 Statutory critical capital requirement . Farmer Mac's critical capital level is an amount of core capital equal to 50 of the total minimum capital requirement at that time. 
 
 Risk-based capital . The charter directs FCA to establish a risk-based capital stress test for Farmer Mac, using specified stress-test parameters. 
 
 Farmer Mac must comply with the higher of the minimum capital requirement and the risk-based capital requirement. 
 
 The risk-based capital stress test promulgated by FCA is intended to determine the amount of regulatory capital (core capital plus the allowance for losses) that Farmer Mac would need to maintain positive capital during a ten-year period in which: 
 
 annual losses occur at a rate of default and severity "reasonably related" to the rates of the highest sequential two years in a limited U.S. geographic area; and 
 interest rates are shocked by the lesser of 600 basis points or 50 of the ten-year U.S. Treasury rate, and interest rates remain at such level for the remainder of the period. 

30 

The risk-based capital stress test then adds an additional 30 to the resulting capital requirement for management and operational risk. Farmer Mac's risk-based capital requirement as of December 31, 2022 was 204.2 million, and Farmer Mac's regulatory capital of 1.3 billion exceeded that amount by approximately 1.1 billion. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital Requirements" for a presentation of Farmer Mac's current regulatory capital position. 
 
 Enforcement Levels . Farmer Mac's charter directs FCA to classify Farmer Mac within one of four enforcement levels to determine compliance with the capital standards established by Farmer Mac's charter. As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac was classified as within level I the highest compliance level. 
 
 Failure to comply with the applicable required capital level in the charter would result in Farmer Mac being classified as within level II (below the applicable risk-based capital level, but above the minimum capital level), level III (below the minimum capital level, but above the critical capital level) or level IV (below the critical capital level). If Farmer Mac were classified as within level II, III or IV, the charter requires the Director of OSMO to take specified mandatory supervisory measures and provides the Director with discretionary authority to take various optional supervisory measures depending on the level in which Farmer Mac is classified. The mandatory measures applicable to level II and level III include: 
 
 requiring Farmer Mac to submit and comply with a capital restoration plan; 
 prohibiting the payment of dividends if the payment would result in Farmer Mac being reclassified as within a lower level and requiring the pre-approval of any dividend payment even if the payment would not result in reclassification as within level IV; and 
 reclassifying Farmer Mac as within one level lower if it does not submit a capital restoration plan that is approved by the Director, or the Director determines that Farmer Mac has failed to make, in good faith, reasonable efforts to comply with such a plan and fulfill the schedule for the plan approved by the Director. 
 
 If Farmer Mac were classified as within level III, then, in addition to the mandatory supervisory measures described above, the Director of OSMO could take any of the following discretionary supervisory measures: 
 
 imposing limits on any increase in, or ordering the reduction of, any obligations of Farmer Mac, including off-balance sheet obligations; 
 limiting or prohibiting asset growth or requiring the reduction of assets; 
 requiring the acquisition of new capital in an amount sufficient to provide for reclassification as within a higher level; 
 terminating, reducing, or modifying any activity the Director determines creates excessive risk to Farmer Mac; or 
 appointing a conservator or a receiver for Farmer Mac. 
 
 Farmer Mac's charter does not specify any supervisory measures, either mandatory or discretionary, to be taken by the Director if Farmer Mac were classified as within level IV. 
 
 The Director of OSMO has the discretionary authority to reclassify Farmer Mac to a level that is one level below its then current level (for example, from level I to level II) if the Director determines that Farmer Mac is engaging in any action not approved by the Director that could result in a rapid depletion of core 
 
 31 

capital or if the value of property subject to mortgages backing securities guaranteed by Farmer Mac has decreased significantly. 
 
 Capital Adequacy Requirements . Under FCA's rule on capital planning, Farmer Mac must develop and submit to OSMO for approval annually a plan for capital that considers the sources and uses of Farmer Mac's capital, addresses capital projections under stress scenarios, assesses Farmer Mac's overall capital adequacy, and incorporates a Farmer Mac board-approved policy on capital adequacy. In accordance with this regulation, Farmer Mac's board of directors oversees a policy that requires Farmer Mac to maintain an adequate level of "Tier 1" capital, consisting of retained earnings, paid-in-capital, common stock, qualifying preferred stock, and accumulated other comprehensive income allocable to "non-program" investments that are not included in the Agricultural Finance and Rural Infrastructure Finance lines of business. Under this policy, Farmer Mac must maintain at all times a Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 7.0 of risk-weighted assets, calculated using an advanced internal ratings based asset risk weighting regime that is consistent with current Basel-based principles. 
 
 The policy also requires Farmer Mac to maintain a "capital conservation buffer" of additional Tier 1 capital of more than 2.5 of risk-weighted assets. If the capital conservation buffer drops to various levels at or below 2.5 , as shown in the table below, the policy requires Farmer Mac to restrict distributions of current quarter Tier 1-eligible dividends and any discretionary bonus payments to an amount not to exceed the corresponding payout percentage specified in the table below, which represents the percentage of the cumulative core earnings for the four quarters immediately preceding the distribution date: 
 
 Capital Conservation Buffer Payout Percentage (percentage of risk-weighted assets) (percentage of four quarters' accumulated core earnings) greater than 2.5 No limitation greater than 1.875 to and including 2.5 60 greater than 1.25 to and including 1.875 40 greater than 0.625 to and including 1.25 20 equal to or less than 0.625 0 (no payout permitted) 
 
 These distribution restrictions would remain for so long as the Tier 1 capital conservation buffer remains at or below the minimum level of 2.5 , and Farmer Mac's board of directors may consider other factors, such as earnings presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP") and other regulatory requirements, in determining whether to restrict capital distributions, including dividends and bonus payments. As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac's Tier 1 capital ratio was 14.9 . The calculation of Farmer Mac's Tier 1 capital ratio does not include certain interest rate risk components of the risk weighting of assets, which reflects the fact that Farmer Mac pursues an approach to funding its assets with liabilities of similar duration and convexity characteristics and therefore does not bear material interest rate risk in its portfolio. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital Requirements" for more information on Farmer Mac's Tier 1 capital ratio. 

Liquidity Requirements 
 
 Liquidity Reserve Requirement and Supplemental Liquidity . Farmer Mac's Liquidity and Investment Regulations require that Farmer Mac maintain at all times a liquidity reserve sufficient to fund at least 
 
 32 

90 days of the principal portion of maturing obligations and other borrowings. Farmer Mac may also maintain supplemental liquidity to fund obligations and borrowings maturing after 90 days. The investments that Farmer Mac holds as its liquidity reserve and as supplemental liquidity must consist of unencumbered and readily marketable assets that are diversified in accordance with categories prescribed by FCA, including limitations on asset class, dollar amount, issuer concentration, and credit quality. Farmer Mac must report, in writing, to OSMO no later than the next business day following the discovery of any breach of Farmer Mac's minimum liquidity reserve requirement. 
 
 Liquidity Management . Under the Liquidity and Investment Regulations, Farmer Mac must develop and approve annually a liquidity policy that outlines Farmer Mac's purpose and objectives for liquidity reserves, diversification requirements for liquidity reserves, target liquidity levels, maximum investment amounts as a percentage of Farmer Mac's program assets, exception parameters (and approval requirements), delegations of investment authority, and reporting requirements to Farmer Mac's board of directors and to OSMO. The regulations also require Farmer Mac to develop a liability maturity management plan and a contingency funding plan, each of which must be reviewed and approved annually by Farmer Mac's board of directors. 
 
 See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources" for more information about Farmer Mac's liquidity and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Credit Risk Other Investments" for more information about Farmer Mac's eligible investments. 

33 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Farmer Mac's business activities, financial performance, and results of operations are, by their nature, subject to risks and uncertainties, including those related to the agricultural industry, rural infrastructure industries, access to the capital markets, the regulatory environment, the level of prevailing interest rates and overall market conditions. The following risk factors should be considered along with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Item 7 of this report, including the risks and uncertainties described in the "Forward-Looking Statements" section. Because new risk factors likely will emerge from time to time, management can neither predict all potential risk factors nor assess the effects of those factors on Farmer Mac's business, operating results, and financial condition or how much any factor, or combination of factors, may affect Farmer Mac's actual results and financial condition. If any of the following risks materialize, Farmer Mac's business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Farmer Mac undertakes no obligation to update or revise this risk factor discussion, unless required by applicable law. 
 
 Credit and Counterparty Risk 
 
 Economic stress caused by disruptive global events, such as the continuing COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical instability, and natural or human-caused disasters, may materially and adversely affect Farmer Mac's business, operations, operating results, financial condition, liquidity, or capital levels and may heighten other risk factors in this report. 
 
 In a tightly-linked global economy, recent or continuing disruptive global events have contributed and may continue to contribute to economic stress on America s agricultural producers and rural infrastructure by disrupting or transforming markets, systems, or resources that America s farmers, ranchers, and rural service providers rely on to remain profitable. This includes supply chain disruptions that prevent producers from accessing critical resources or that inhibit exports, inflationary effects that put downward pressure on demand for agricultural products or that may increase production expenses, and rising interest rates that may increase the risk that Farmer Mac s borrowers may default on their loans. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and natural disasters have all contributed to recent or current economic stress on producers and service providers in rural America. Depending on the severity and frequency of these types of disruptive events, as well as the capability of governments and global markets to effectively mitigate the resulting negative effects, a prolonged period of economic stress, including a broader economic downturn or recession, could ensue from these events, which could increase stress on Farmer Mac s borrowers and their ability to remain profitable and make payments on their loans. 
 
 Farmer Mac assumes the ultimate credit risk of borrower defaults on its agricultural mortgage and rural infrastructure loan assets, and Farmer Mac's earnings, which come from net interest income, guarantee fees, and commitment fees on those assets, depend significantly on their performance. Widespread and sustained repayment shortfalls on loans in Farmer Mac's portfolio could result in losses, particularly if the value of the available collateral does not cover Farmer Mac's exposure, and could materially and adversely affect Farmer Mac s business, operations, operating results, financial condition, liquidity, or capital levels. The occurrence of these disruptive events and resulting negative economic effects may also heighten other risk factors described in this report. 

34 

Climate change and the occurrence of weather-related events, or other natural or environmental disasters could have a material adverse effect on Farmer Mac s business, operating results, or financial condition. 
 
 In addition to the general risks posed by adverse weather conditions, Farmer Mac s exposure to credit risk and the market value of loan collateral is potentially subject to risks associated with the long-term effects of climate change, as farmers and ranchers face increasing, as well as increasingly-severe, weather incidents. The U.S. experienced 18 separate billion-dollar weather disasters in 2022, tied for the third-highest level in the 40 years tracked by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration behind only 2020 (22) and 2021 (20). Many climatologists predict increases in average temperatures, more extreme temperatures, and increases in volatile weather over time. These physical changes may prompt changes in regulations or consumer preferences, which in turn could have negative consequences for the business models of borrowers, such as increasing costs, reducing the value of assets, and increasing operating expenses. For example, in 2022, exceptional drought or extreme drought conditions, the two most severe drought classifications, covered significant areas of the western and midwestern states, and more than half of the continental United States experienced abnormally dry conditions or worse. The effects of climate change could make some agricultural properties less suitable for farming or for other alternative uses. Extended periods of drought and dryness can reduce agricultural productivity, cause lasting damage to permanent crops like fruit and tree nuts, and result in producers leaving some fields fallow due to lack of water. These and other effects of climate change could have an adverse impact on farming operations and the value of loan collateral, which could have a material adverse effect on Farmer Mac s business, operating results, or financial condition. 
 
 Other external factors outside of Farmer Mac's or borrowers' control may impair borrowers' profitability and ability to repay their loans in Farmer Mac's portfolio, which could have a material adverse effect on Farmer Mac's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, or capital levels. 
 
 Other external factors beyond Farmer Mac's or borrowers' control could impair borrowers' profitability, such as volatility in demand for agricultural products or electricity in rural areas; variability in borrowers' input costs; protracted regional, domestic, or global economic stress (whether due to disruptive global events or otherwise); legislative or regulatory actions affecting rural borrowers; U.S. trade policy affecting the demand for agricultural exports or the price of imports required for borrowers' operations; increased competition among producers due to oversupply or available alternatives; and adverse changes in interest rates and land values. Any of these factors could put downward pressure on the value and profitability of a farming, agribusiness or rural utilities operation, which could then inhibit the related borrower's repayment capacity on one or more loans that Farmer Mac may have from that borrower in its portfolio. A significant number of defaults, or a single default from a large borrower exposure, stemming from one or more of these factors could have a material adverse effect on Farmer Mac's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, or capital levels. 
 
 Specialized or highly improved collateral securing loans in Farmer Mac's portfolio could increase the probability of loss on those loans in the event of default, which could have a material adverse effect on Farmer Mac's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, or capital levels. 
 
 Farmer Mac's credit risk may also increase due to decline in the collateral values securing the loans in Farmer Mac's portfolio. Specialized or highly improved collateral, such as storage and processing facilities or permanent plantings, increase the risk of undercollateralization in a default scenario because producers requiring specialized or highly improved collateral are generally less able to adapt their operations or 
 
 35 

switch functional production when faced with adverse conditions. Highly improved properties also face higher risk of loss in a default scenario, as the pool of potential purchasers in a sale or foreclosure action may be smaller for a highly improved property than for a property that is adaptable to multiple uses. The farming of permanent plantings generally involves more risk than farming of annual row crops because permanent plantings generally require more time and capital to plant and permanent plantings are more expensive to replace in the event of disease, drought, mismanagement, catastrophic condition (such as wildfire), or adverse weather conditions. In the event that a borrower defaults, and Farmer Mac must foreclose, on a loan secured by property that is specialized or highly improved, Farmer Mac has experienced and may in the future experience losses if the value of the property has dropped significantly since origination or if there is a limited pool of potential purchasers willing to purchase the property at the price necessary for Farmer Mac to recoup its investment. If this occurs across a large number of loans or across loans with large principal balances, in the aggregate this could have a material adverse effect on Farmer Mac's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, or capital levels. 
 
 Concentrations in Farmer Mac's loan or investments portfolios, or to one or more borrowers or counterparties, may increase Farmer Mac's exposure to credit risk, which could materially and adversely affect its business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Farmer Mac's exposure to credit risk may increase due to concentrations in its loan portfolio, which can include concentrated exposure to particular commodities, geographic regions, or collateral types, as well as concentrations in processing and manufacturing segments of agricultural supply chains. Widespread weakening in the financial condition of borrowers within a particular geographic region, that produce particular commodities or rely on particular collateral, or that engage in processes or production that is dependent on a fluid supply chain could negatively affect Farmer Mac s financial condition if sufficient diversity in these areas does not successfully mitigate concentration risk. 
 
 Farmer Mac's exposure to credit risk may also increase due to concentrated exposure to a particular borrower or counterparty. Farmer Mac s Farm Ranch portfolio consists of loans varying in size and by borrower, including large exposures 25 million or more) to individual borrowers. The default of any one of these borrowers could negatively affect Farmer Mac's financial condition. Farmer Mac also has concentrated exposures to individual business counterparties on AgVantage securities, which are general obligations of institutional counterparties secured by eligible loans held by the issuing institution. Although AgVantage securities are collateralized by eligible loans in a principal amount equal to or greater than the principal amount of the securities outstanding, Farmer Mac could suffer losses if the market value of the loan collateral declines and the counterparty defaults. Taking possession of the loan collateral upon a default by the AgVantage counterparty could also result in higher current expected credit losses for Farmer Mac's loans held on balance sheet, as well as increased capital requirements. As of December 31, 2022, 8.0 billion of the 9.0 billion of AgVantage securities outstanding had been issued by only three counterparties. A default by any of these counterparties could have a significant adverse effect on Farmer Mac's business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Farmer Mac's exposure to credit risk may also increase due to concentrated exposure to one or more investment types or counterparties in the investment portfolio Farmer Mac maintains for liquidity. This investment portfolio consists primarily of cash and cash equivalents, U.S. Treasury securities, investment securities guaranteed by U.S. Government agencies and GSEs, and asset-backed securities backed primarily by U.S. Government-guaranteed loans. Farmer Mac regularly reviews concentration limits to ensure that its investments are appropriately diversified and comply with policies approved by Farmer Mac's board of directors and with applicable FCA regulations, but Farmer Mac is still exposed to credit 
 
 36 

risk from issuers of the investment securities it holds, particularly to issuers to whom Farmer Mac may have a higher concentration of exposure relative to the rest of Farmer Mac's investment portfolio. For example, as of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac held at fair value 3.2 billion of investment securities guaranteed by GSEs. A default by multiple issuers of investment securities held by Farmer Mac or by a single issuer of investment securities in which Farmer Mac is more heavily concentrated could have an adverse effect on Farmer Mac's business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs expose Farmer Mac to significant contingent liabilities, and Farmer Mac's ability to fulfill its obligations under its guarantees and LTSPCs may be limited. 
 
 Farmer Mac's guarantee and purchase commitment obligations to third parties, including LTSPCs and securities guaranteed by Farmer Mac, are obligations of Farmer Mac only and are not backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, FCA, or any other agency or instrumentality of the United States other than Farmer Mac. As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac had 3.9 billion of contingent liabilities related to LTSPCs and securities issued to third parties and guaranteed by Farmer Mac, which represents Farmer Mac's exposure if all loans underlying these LTSPCs and guarantees defaulted and Farmer Mac recovered no value from the related collateral. If this were to occur, the funds available for payment on these guarantees and LTSPCs could be substantially less than the aggregate amount of the corresponding liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac held cash, cash equivalents, and other investment securities with a fair value of 5.5 billion that could be used as a source of funds for payment on its obligations, including its guarantee and LTSPC obligations. Although Farmer Mac believes that it remains well-collateralized on the assets underlying its guarantee and LTSPC obligations to third parties and that the estimated probable losses for these obligations remain low relative to the amount available for payment of claims on these obligations, Farmer Mac's total contingent liabilities for these obligations could exceed the amount it may have available for payment of Farmer Mac's obligations, including claims on Farmer Mac's contingent obligations. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis Risk Management Credit Risk Loans and Guarantees" for more information on Farmer Mac's management of credit risk. 
 
 Farmer Mac is exposed to counterparty risk on both its cleared and non-cleared swaps transactions that could materially and adversely affect its business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Farmer Mac uses interest rate swap contracts and hedging arrangements to manage its interest rate risk. Farmer Mac clears a significant portion of its interest rate swaps through a swap clearinghouse and uses the services of a futures commission merchant to post and receive mark-to-market margin amounts. Farmer Mac also transacts non-cleared (bilateral) derivative contracts directly with swap counterparties and posts and receives collateral to secure the market value of those contracts. A failure of any of these counterparties could cause intra-day disruption for Farmer Mac's swap operations if the failure were to prompt a termination of all or part of Farmer Mac's swap positions or if Farmer Mac were unable to quickly access margin or collateral amounts. These conditions could be exacerbated in volatile market conditions, in which the market could move against Farmer Mac's position before Farmer Mac had time to reposition its swaps. These events could have a negative effect on Farmer Mac's operations and liquidity and could expose Farmer Mac to more interest rate risk, which could materially and adversely affect its business, operating results, and financial condition. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate notional balance of Farmer Mac's cleared swaps was 19.5 billion, and the aggregate notional balance of Farmer Mac's non-cleared swaps was 4.4 billion. 

37 

Strategic/Business Risk 
 
 Farmer Mac's business, operating results, financial condition, and capital levels may be materially and adversely affected by external factors that may affect the demand for Farmer Mac's secondary market, the price or marketability of Farmer Mac's products, or Farmer Mac's ability to offer its products and services. 
 
 Farmer Mac's business, operating results, financial condition, and capital levels may be materially and adversely affected by external factors that may affect the price or marketability of Farmer Mac's products and services or Farmer Mac's ability to offer its products and services, including, but not limited to: 
 
 disruptions in the debt or equity capital markets; 
 competitive pressures in Farmer Mac's loan purchase and guarantee activities or in the issuance of its debt securities; 
 changes in interest rates that may increase Farmer Mac's funding costs; 
 market or customer perception of Farmer Mac's reputation; 
 legislative or regulatory developments adversely affecting Farmer Mac's ability to offer new products, the ability or motivation of lenders to participate in Farmer Mac's lines of business, or the cost of related corporate activities; 
 reduced demand for agricultural real estate loans or rural infrastructure loans due to regional, domestic, or global economic conditions; and 
 expanded funding alternatives available to agricultural and rural infrastructure borrowers. 
 
 An inability to access the equity and debt capital markets could have a material adverse effect on Farmer Mac's business, operating results, financial condition, liquidity, and capital levels. 
 
 Farmer Mac's ability to operate its business, meet its obligations, generate asset volume growth, and fulfill its statutory mission depends on Farmer Mac's continued access to the U.S. financial markets at favorable rates and terms to remain adequately capitalized through the issuance of equity and with adequate access to liquidity through the issuance of debt securities. The issuance of debt securities is Farmer Mac's primary source for repaying or refinancing existing debt and to fund contingent liabilities, as needed. Farmer Mac's ability to access the debt and equity markets to raise capital, fund its assets, repay debt, and earn net interest income depends on market perception of Farmer Mac. If Farmer Mac were unable to access the U.S. financial markets to issue equity or debt securities at favorable rates and terms, Farmer Mac's business, operating results, liquidity, or financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 The loss of business from key business counterparties or customers, including AgVantage counterparties, could weaken Farmer Mac's business and decrease its revenues and profits. 
 
 Farmer Mac's business and ability to generate revenues and profits largely depends on its ability to purchase eligible loans or place eligible loans under guarantees or LTSPCs and to purchase or guarantee AgVantage securities. Farmer Mac conducts a significant portion of its business with a few business counterparties. This concentration of business could potentially result in increased variability in Farmer Mac's business as existing assets pay down or mature and the status and needs of Farmer Mac's customers evolve. In 2022, ten institutions generated approximately 71 of loan purchase volume in the Agricultural Finance line of business. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 88.2 of the 9.0 billion outstanding principal amount of AgVantage securities (of which 2.0 billion and 1.1 billion will be maturing in 2023 and 2024, respectively) were issued by three institutions. As of December 31, 2022, transactions with two 
 
 38 

institutions represented nearly all of the business volume under Farmer Mac's Rural Infrastructure Finance line of business. Farmer Mac's ability to maintain the current relationships with its business counterparties or customers and the business generated by those business counterparties or customers is significant to Farmer Mac's business. As a result, the loss of business from any one of Farmer Mac's key business counterparties could decrease Farmer Mac's revenues and profitability. Farmer Mac may be unable to replace the loss of business of a key business counterparty or customer with alternate sources of business due to limitations on the types of assets eligible for Farmer Mac's secondary market, which could adversely affect Farmer Mac's business and decrease its revenues and profits. 
 
 Farmer Mac's efforts to balance fulfilling its mission with providing a return to its stockholders may result in business transactions that involve lower returns or higher risk, which could adversely affect its business, operating results, or financial condition. 
 
 Congress created Farmer Mac to provide for a secondary market for agricultural mortgage loans, rural infrastructure loans, and the guaranteed portions of USDA-guaranteed loans. In pursuing this mission, Farmer Mac's secondary market activities are designed to: 
 
 increase the accessibility of financing to rural borrowers at stable interest rates; 
 provide greater liquidity and lending capacity in extending credit to rural borrowers; and 
 provide an arrangement for new lending by facilitating capital market investments in funding for rural borrowers, including funds at fixed rates of interest. 
 
 Farmer Mac's charter provides that its standards for Farm Ranch loans shall not discriminate against small originators or small agricultural mortgage loans of at least 50,000. The charter also requires Farmer Mac's board of directors to promote and encourage the inclusion of qualified loans for small farms and family farmers in the agricultural mortgage secondary market. 
 
 Although Farmer Mac strives to undertake its mission-related activities in a manner consistent with providing an accretive return to Farmer Mac's stockholders, these activities could contribute to a lower return to stockholders than if Farmer Mac's sole purpose were to maximize stockholder value. If Farmer Mac were to undertake activities involving greater risk or lower returns to satisfy its mission, Farmer Mac's business, operating results, or financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 A few stockholders who own large amounts of Farmer Mac voting common stock may seek to influence Farmer Mac's business, strategy, or board composition, and the interests of these stockholders may differ from the interests of Farmer Mac or other holders of Farmer Mac's common stock. 
 
 The ownership of Farmer Mac's two classes of voting common stock is concentrated in a few institutions. Four financial institutions hold approximately 53 of Farmer Mac's Class A voting common stock, with 31 held by one institution. Five FCS institutions hold approximately 97 of Farmer Mac's Class B voting common stock (two of which are related to each other through a parent-subsidiary relationship). The holders of Farmer Mac's Class A voting common stock and the holders of Farmer Mac's Class B voting common stock each have the right to elect one-third of the membership of Farmer Mac's board of directors. Many of these holders are rural lenders that may compete directly with each other. As long as Farmer Mac's Class A and Class B voting common stock is highly concentrated in a few institutions, these institutions influence Farmer Mac's business, strategy, or board composition in a way that may not be in the best interests of either Farmer Mac or other stockholders. 

39 

Operational Risk 
 
 The inadequacy or failure of Farmer Mac's operational systems, cybersecurity program, internal controls or processes, or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could have a material adverse effect on Farmer Mac's business, operating results, or financial condition. 
 
 Farmer Mac is exposed to operational risk due to the complex nature of its business operations and the processes and systems used to undertake its business activities and comply with regulatory requirements. Operational risk includes the risk of loss to Farmer Mac resulting from: 
 
 inadequate or failed internal processes, systems, cybersecurity program, or infrastructure; 
 Farmer Mac's inability to successfully implement enhancements to any of these or migrate to new systems or infrastructure; 
 failed execution, including based on human error; 
 inadequate or failed internal controls or processes to detect or prevent fraud or other violations of law or regulations; or 
 external events, including a disruption involving physical site access, cyber incidents, catastrophic events, natural disasters, terrorist activities, or disease pandemics. 
 
 Farmer Mac relies on business processes that largely depend on people, technology, and the use of complex systems and models to manage its business, process a high volume of daily transactions, and generate the records on which Farmer Mac's financial statements are based. Inadequacies or failures in Farmer Mac's internal processes, personnel, systems, cybersecurity program, or infrastructure could lead to a significant disruption in its business operations; unauthorized access to or acquisition, destruction, alteration, release, theft, or loss of confidential, proprietary, or personal data; fraud, extortion; financial and economic loss or costs; errors in its financial statements; impairment of its liquidity; harm to its employees, customers, or vendors; liability or service interruptions to its customers; loss of customers or vendors; violation of data protection laws and other litigation and legal risk; increased regulatory or legislative scrutiny; or reputational damage. 
 
 The potential for operational risk exposure also exists as a result of Farmer Mac's interactions with, and reliance on, third parties. Farmer Mac's business relies on its ability to process, evaluate, and interpret significant amounts of information, much of which third parties provide. Yet Farmer Mac's ability to implement safeguards preventing disruption to third-party systems or infrastructure is more limited than for its own systems or infrastructure. If the financial, accounting, data processing, backup, information technology, or other operating systems and infrastructure of third parties with whom Farmer Mac interacts or upon whom it relies fail to operate properly or are disrupted, then Farmer Mac's operations may be impacted in the same manner as inadequacies or failures in Farmer Mac's own internal processes, personnel, systems, cybersecurity program, or infrastructure. 
 
 Farmer Mac s internal loan servicing function and reliance on third-party servicers could expose Farmer Mac to operational risks that could adversely affect its business, operating results, or financial condition. 
 
 Effective and reliable loan servicing is essential for Farmer Mac to successfully operate its business. During third quarter 2021, Farmer Mac expanded its internal loan servicing function through a strategic acquisition that included the loan servicing rights for a sizeable portion of Farmer Mac s Agricultural Finance mortgage loan and USDA Securities portfolios, as well as experienced servicing personnel and an 
 
 40 

operational servicing platform. This strategic acquisition has required Farmer Mac to implement processes and controls for a business function that Farmer Mac has previously not operated and still has limited experience executing and managing. Farmer Mac also continues to rely on experienced third-party servicers to service the portion of Farmer Mac s Agricultural Finance mortgage loan portfolio not serviced directly by Farmer Mac. Although Farmer Mac has established servicing standards and requirements to which these third-party servicers are required by contract to adhere and on which they must report to Farmer Mac, Farmer Mac does not manage the processes and controls of these third-party servicers. The ineffective implementation, operation, or oversight of one or more of the servicing processes or controls employed by Farmer Mac or any of its third-party servicers could expose Farmer Mac to operational risk that could adversely affect Farmer Mac s business, operating results, or financial condition. 
 
 A deficiency, failure, interruption, or breach in Farmer Mac's or our service providers' technology and information systems, infrastructure, or cybersecurity program, including the occurrence of successful cyber-attacks, could result in a loss of business, damage to Farmer Mac's reputation, the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, or increased costs or liability to Farmer Mac, which could adversely affect Farmer Mac's business, operating results, or financial condition. 
 
 Farmer Mac relies heavily on technology and information systems, including from third parties, for the secure collection, processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and personal information in its information systems (and those of third parties) to conduct and manage its business operations. These technology and information systems encompass an integrated set of hardware, software, infrastructure, and personnel organized to facilitate the planning, control, coordination, operations, and decision-making processes within Farmer Mac. As the importance and complexity of Farmer Mac s technology and information systems has increased, and as new technologies are developed that are used by its customers, Farmer Mac, or its service providers to support its business and operations, so too have the risks posed to Farmer Mac s information systems and data from cybersecurity attacks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of Farmer Mac s information technology assets and resources and its data. Like many other financial institutions, Farmer Mac and its service providers face regular attacks by threat actors attempting to gain unauthorized access to, or disrupt, its information systems and access or acquire its data, including from organized criminal groups, hackers, nation states, activists, insiders, and other unauthorized third parties. These threats come from a variety of different sources, including cyber-attacks, computer viruses, malware, exploits of system and network vulnerabilities, human error, phishing, ransomware, and distributed denial of service attacks. The methods used to gain unauthorized access to or disrupt its information systems and data, or those of its service providers, are evolving. We are not always able to prevent or recognize attacks, and we may be unable to implement effective preventive measures or proactively address these threats until after a cybersecurity event has been discovered. Moreover, any employees or agents of Farmer Mac s (or its third-party customers or vendors) who have authorized access to confidential, proprietary, or personal information could also intentionally, inadvertently, or erroneously disseminate the information to unauthorized third parties. 
 
 Although Farmer Mac has implemented what we believe is an appropriate information security program with cybersecurity procedures, policies, practices, and controls, Farmer Mac may be unable to prevent unauthorized access to its information technology assets or data, which could lead to a significant disruption to its business operations; unauthorized access to or acquisition, destruction, alteration, release, theft, or loss of confidential, proprietary, or personal data; fraud, extortion; financial and economic loss or costs; errors in its financial statements; impairment of its liquidity; harm to its employees, customers, or vendors; liability or service interruptions to its customers; loss of customers or vendors; violation of data protection laws and other litigation and legal risk; increased regulatory or legislative scrutiny; or 
 
 41 

reputational damage. Also, the risk of unauthorized access to confidential, proprietary, or personal information through information system breaches or inadvertent dissemination may be heightened in a remote-working environment, which is currently more prevalent at Farmer Mac. 
 
 Failure by Farmer Mac's third-party loan servicers, information systems providers, and other service providers to protect confidential information from unauthorized access and dissemination could result in liability for Farmer Mac or damage Farmer Mac's reputation, which could have a negative effect on Farmer Mac's business, operating results, or financial condition. 
 
 Farmer Mac relies on third parties, including loan servicers, information systems providers, software-as-a-service (SaaS) providers, cloud computing service providers, and other service providers, to perform various functions that support Farmer Mac s business and operations. Farmer Mac depends on these third parties to collect, process, transmit, and store a variety of confidential, proprietary, or personal information, including sensitive financial information. Just as Farmer Mac is subject to numerous cyber-attacks from a variety of actors, so too are these third parties. Farmer Mac requires third parties who collect, process, or store confidential, proprietary, or personal data to adhere to security policies, processes, and controls. However, the control systems, cybersecurity program, infrastructure, and personnel associated with third parties with which we do business or obtain services are beyond our control. Farmer Mac is aware of cyber-attacks and incidents involving its third party service providers in the past, and although Farmer Mac has not experienced a material loss of data or disruption of its operations due to a breach of third party systems, unauthorized access to a third party service provider's information technology assets or data may significantly impact Farmer Mac's operations in the same manner as incidents on its own systems. 
 
 If Farmer Mac's management of risk associated with its loan assets and investment securities based on model assumptions and output is not effective, its business, operating results, financial condition, or capital levels could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Farmer Mac continually develops and adapts profitability and risk management models to adequately address a wide range of possible market developments. Some of Farmer Mac's qualitative tools and metrics for managing risk are based on its use of observed historical market behavior. Farmer Mac applies statistical and other tools to these observations to quantify its risks. These tools and metrics may fail to predict future or unanticipated risks or may not be effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risk, which could expose Farmer Mac to material unanticipated losses. The inability of Farmer Mac to effectively identify and manage the risks inherent in its business could have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results, financial condition, or capital levels. 
 
 Farmer Mac's efforts to expand product offerings and services to its customers exposes Farmer Mac to operational risk that could materially and adversely affect its business, operating results, or financial condition. 
 
 As the needs of Farmer Mac's customer base and rural America evolve, Farmer Mac seeks to respond by offering new products and services to meet these needs. As Farmer Mac expands its product offerings and services, it is exposed to operational risk in implementing these new products and services. New products and services may require new operational processes, which often require new internal controls to manage new risks that these new processes present. If these controls are insufficient or ineffective to manage the risks inherent in these new processes, or if there is human error in executing these new controls either due 
 
 42 

to their novelty or otherwise, Farmer Mac could face financial loss, reputational damage, or regulatory enforcement, which could materially and adversely affect Farmer Mac's business, operating results, or financial condition. 
 
 Market Risk 
 
 Farmer Mac is exposed to interest rate risk that could materially and adversely affect its operating results or financial condition. 
 
 Farmer Mac is subject to interest rate risk due to the timing differences in the cash flows of the assets it holds and the liabilities issued to fund those assets. Farmer Mac's primary strategy for managing interest rate risk is to fund asset purchases with debt together with financial derivatives that have similar duration and convexity characteristics to help mitigate impacts from interest rate changes across the yield curve. However, the ability of borrowers to prepay their loans before the scheduled maturities increases the likelihood of asset and liability cash flow mismatches. In a changing interest rate environment, these cash flow mismatches affect Farmer Mac's earnings if assets repay sooner than expected and the resulting cash flows must be reinvested in lower-yielding investments, particularly if Farmer Mac's related funding costs cannot be correspondingly repaid. Conversely, if assets repay more slowly than anticipated and the associated debt issued to fund the assets must be reissued at a higher interest rate, Farmer Mac's earnings could be adversely affected. In addition, rapid changes in interest rates could have a negative effect on Farmer Mac's net interest income across quarters. For example, during 2022, Farmer Mac benefited from higher nominal interest rates in its investment portfolio; however, if those nominal interest rates decline, Farmer Mac may earn less interest income on its investments in future periods. During 2022, the Federal Reserve rapidly increased the target range for the federal funds rate by 4.25 over the course of the year in an effort to combat rising inflation. This pace has created and, if the Federal Reserve continues to raise interest rates, may continue to create or may exacerbate periods of market volatility that could adversely affect Farmer Mac's ability to manage interest rate risk, which could have a material adverse effect on Farmer Mac's operating results or financial condition. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis Risk Management Interest Rate Risk" for more information on Farmer Mac's management of interest rate risk. 
 
 Farmer Mac is also subject to repricing risk, which is the risk that Farmer Mac's funding cost relative to a benchmark index (for example, the London Interbank Offered Rate known as "LIBOR" or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate known as "SOFR") will increase from the time the initial funding was issued and the time the liabilities are re-funded. This repricing risk arises from a funding strategy whereby Farmer Mac issues floating rate debt across a variety of maturities to fund floating or synthetically floating rate assets that on average may have longer maturities. A significant increase in the difference between Farmer Mac's funding cost relative to the benchmark index, including LIBOR and SOFR, may compress spread income on the assets Farmer Mac holds and seeks to re-fund with the higher cost funding. Widespread compression within a short timeframe could adversely affect Farmer Mac's operating results or financial condition. 
 
 Changes in interest rates relative to Farmer Mac's management of interest rate risk through derivatives may cause volatility in financial results and capital levels and may adversely affect Farmer Mac's net income, liquidity position, or operating results. 
 
 Farmer Mac enters into financial derivatives transactions to hedge interest rate risks inherent in its business and carries its financial derivatives at fair value in its consolidated financial statements. Although 
 
 43 

Farmer Mac's financial derivatives provide economic hedges of interest rate risk, changes in the fair values of financial derivatives can cause volatility in net income and in capital, particularly if those financial derivatives are not designated in hedge accounting relationships or if there is any ineffectiveness in a hedge accounting relationship. As interest rates increase or decrease, the fair values of Farmer Mac's derivatives change based on the position Farmer Mac holds relative to the specific characteristics of the derivative. Farmer Mac's core capital available to meet its statutory minimum capital requirement can be affected by changes in the fair values of financial derivatives, as noted above. Adverse changes in the fair values of Farmer Mac's financial derivatives that are not designated in hedge accounting relationships and any hedge ineffectiveness that results in a loss would reduce the amount of core capital available to meet this requirement. In 2022 and 2021, Farmer Mac recorded a gain of 13.5 million and a loss of 1.4 million, respectively, from changes in the fair values of its financial derivatives as a result of movements in interest rates during those years. Farmer Mac recorded gains of 5.8 million and losses of 0.3 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to ineffectiveness in hedge accounting relationships. 
 
 Changes in interest rates have required, and in the future may require, Farmer Mac to post cash or investment securities to collateralize its derivative exposures due to corresponding changes in the fair market values of these derivatives. If changes in interest rates were to result in a significant decrease in the fair value of Farmer Mac's derivatives, Farmer Mac would be required to post cash, cash equivalents, or investment securities, possibly within a short period of time, to satisfy its obligations under its derivatives contracts. As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac posted 144.7 million of cash and 204.0 million of investment securities as collateral for its derivatives in net liability positions. If Farmer Mac is required to fully collateralize a significant portion of its derivatives in an adverse interest rate environment, it could have a material adverse effect on Farmer Mac's liquidity position or operating results. 
 
 Discontinuation of the LIBOR benchmark interest rate could adversely affect Farmer Mac's business, operating results, or financial condition. 
 
 In July 2017, the United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority ("UKFCA"), which regulates U.S. Dollar LIBOR ("LIBOR"), announced that it would no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021 and would support the LIBOR indexes through 2021 to allow for a transition to any alternative reference rates. In November 2020, the UKFCA and the ICE Benchmark Administration, which administers LIBOR, announced that most tenors of LIBOR would continue to be published through June 2023. These announcements indicate that the continuation of LIBOR in its current form will be discontinued after June 2023. Farmer Mac continues to evaluate the potential effect on its business of the replacement of the LIBOR benchmark interest rate, including evaluation of the recently enacted Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act and implementing rules, and using replacement benchmark interest rates such as SOFR. As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac held 2.9 billion of floating rate assets in its lines of business and its investment portfolio, had issued 0.2 billion of floating rate debt, and had entered into 10.5 billion notional amount of interest rate swaps, each of which resets based on LIBOR. In addition, Farmer Mac's Series C Preferred Stock will be indexed to LIBOR after July 17, 2024. The market transition away from LIBOR and toward SOFR or another alternative benchmark interest rate may be complicated and may introduce additional re-funding and repricing risk for Farmer Mac. If SOFR or other alternative benchmark interest rate does not become widely used or accepted in place of LIBOR, then there may be uncertainty or differences in the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment amounts depending on the terms of the governing instruments for Farmer Mac's assets and liabilities. This could result in different financial performance for previously booked transactions, require different hedging strategies, or require renegotiation of previously booked transactions, and may affect Farmer 
 
 44 

Mac's existing transaction data, products, systems, operations and pricing processes, which could adversely affect Farmer Mac's business, operating results, or financial condition. 
 
 Financial Risk 
 
 Incorrect estimates and assumptions by management in preparing financial statements could adversely affect Farmer Mac's business, operating results, reported assets and liabilities, financial condition, reputation, or capital levels. 
 
 Farmer Mac's accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how it records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. Some of these policies and methods require management to make estimates and assumptions in preparing Farmer Mac's consolidated financial statements. Incorrect estimates and assumptions by management in connection with preparing Farmer Mac's consolidated financial statements could adversely affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of income and expenses. For example, as of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac's assets and liabilities recorded at fair value included financial instruments valued at 7.6 billion whose fair values management estimated in the absence of readily observable fair values (in other words, level 3). These financial instruments measured with significant unobservable inputs represented 27.9 of total assets and 61.5 of financial instruments measured at fair value as of December 31, 2022. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis Critical Accounting Estimates Fair Value Measurement" for more information about fair value measurement. If management makes incorrect assumptions or estimates that result in understating or overstating reported financial results, it could materially and adversely affect Farmer Mac's business, operating results, reported assets and liabilities, financial condition, reputation, or capital levels. 
 
 Changes in accounting standards or in applying accounting policies could adversely affect Farmer Mac's business, operating results, financial condition, or capital levels. 
 
 Farmer Mac is subject to the requirements of entities that set and interpret the accounting standards governing the preparation of Farmer Mac's consolidated financial statements. These entities, which include the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"), the SEC, and Farmer Mac's independent registered public accounting firm, may add new accounting standards or change their interpretations of how those standards should be applied. These changes may be difficult to predict and could affect how Farmer Mac records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, Farmer Mac could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, potentially resulting in changes to previously reported financial results. For example, the FASB issued a new accounting standard in 2016, which was effective for Farmer Mac on January 1, 2020, that required entities to measure credit losses based on an "expected credit loss" approach rather than an "incurred loss" approach previously required under GAAP. The new approach requires entities to measure all expected credit losses for financial assets carried at amortized cost and debt securities classified as available-for-sale, based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable forecasts of collectability. This new accounting standard could cause increases and more volatility in Farmer Mac's provision for credit losses and could adversely affect Farmer Mac's business, operating results, financial condition, or capital levels. See Note 2(r) to the consolidated financial statements for more information about this new accounting standard. 
 
 Changes in the value or composition of Farmer Mac's investment securities could adversely affect Farmer Mac's business, operating results, financial condition, liquidity or capital levels. 

45 

Deterioration in financial or credit market conditions could reduce the fair value of Farmer Mac's investment securities, particularly those securities that are less liquid and more subject to market variability. Some securities owned by Farmer Mac, including auction-rate certificates, do not have well-established secondary trading markets, making it more difficult to estimate current fair values for those securities. This requires Farmer Mac to rely on market observations and internal models to estimate the fair values of its investment securities and to determine whether credit losses exist. However, available market data may not reflect the actual sale conditions Farmer Mac may face when selling its investment securities, particularly in adverse financial market conditions. Internal models require Farmer Mac to exercise judgment about estimates and assumptions used in the models. If Farmer Mac uses unreliable market data or incorrect estimates or assumptions in its internal models to estimate the fair value of its investment securities, those estimates could adversely affect results of operations during the reporting period. And if Farmer Mac decides to sell securities in its investment portfolio, the price ultimately realized will depend on the demand and liquidity in the market at the time of sale, which could be significantly less than Farmer Mac's estimates for fair value. Failure to accurately estimate the fair value of Farmer Mac's investment securities could adversely affect Farmer Mac's business, operating results, financial condition, liquidity or capital levels. 
 
 The trading price for Farmer Mac's Class C non-voting common stock may be volatile due to market influences, trading volume, the effects of equity awards for Farmer Mac's officers, directors, and employees, or sales of significant amounts of the stock by large holders. 
 
 The trading price of Farmer Mac's Class C non-voting common stock ("Class C stock") has at times experienced substantial price volatility and may remain volatile. For example, the trading price of the Class C stock ranged from 90.38 per share to 130.61 per share during 2022. The trading price may fluctuate in response to various factors, including short sales, hedging, the presence or absence of a share repurchase program, stock market influences in general that are unrelated to Farmer Mac's operating performance (including COVID-19), or sales of significant amounts of the stock by large holders. Farmer Mac typically grants equity awards each year that are based on the Class C stock, including grants that vest over time or upon the achievement of specified performance goals. Sales of stock acquired upon vesting or the exercise of equity awards by Farmer Mac's officers, directors, or employees, whether under an established trading plan or otherwise, could adversely affect the trading price of the Class C stock. All of these factors may be exacerbated during periods of low trading volume for Farmer Mac's Class C stock, which averaged 31,995 shares daily during 2022, and may have a prolonged negative effect on its trading price or increase price volatility. 
 
 46 

Regulatory and Compliance Risk 
 
 Farmer Mac and many of its business counterparties are subject to comprehensive government regulation, and unanticipated changes to those laws and regulations could adversely affect Farmer Mac's business, operating results, reputation, or financial condition. 
 
 Farmer Mac was established under a statutory charter that the U.S. Congress may amend at any time and is regulated by various government agencies, including the FCA and the SEC. Future legislative or regulatory actions affecting Farmer Mac's statutory charter or its business activities, including increased regulatory supervision, and any required changes to Farmer Mac's business or operations resulting from such actions, could result in a financial loss for Farmer Mac or otherwise reduce its profitability, impose more compliance and other costs on Farmer Mac, limit the products offered by Farmer Mac or its ability to pursue business opportunities in which it might otherwise consider engaging, curtail business activities in which it is currently engaged, affect the value of assets that Farmer Mac holds, or otherwise adversely affect Farmer Mac's business, results of operations, reputation, or financial condition. 
 
 The financial services industry, in which most of Farmer Mac's business counterparties and customers operate, is subject to significant legislation and regulations. To the extent that current or future legislation, regulations, or supervisory activities affect the activities of banks, insurance companies, other rural lenders, derivatives counterparties, clearinghouses, securities dealers, or other regulated entities that constitute a large portion of Farmer Mac's business counterparties or customers, Farmer Mac could experience loss of business or business opportunities, increased compliance costs, disadvantageous business terms in its dealings with counterparties, and unfavorable changes to its business practices or activities. As a result, Farmer Mac's business, operating results, reputation, or financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Farmer Mac's capital requirements may change, and failure to meet those requirements could result in supervisory measures or the inability of Farmer Mac to declare dividends, or otherwise materially and adversely affect Farmer Mac's business, operating results, or financial condition. 
 
 Farmer Mac is required by statute and regulation to maintain certain capital levels. Any inability by Farmer Mac to meet these capital requirements could result in supervisory measures by FCA, adversely affect Farmer Mac's ability to declare dividends on its common and preferred stock, or otherwise materially and adversely affect Farmer Mac's business, operating results, or financial condition. As required by an FCA regulation on capital planning, Farmer Mac has adopted a policy to maintain a sufficient level of Tier 1 capital and to restrict paying Tier 1-eligible dividends if Tier 1 capital falls below specified thresholds. For more information about Farmer Mac's capital requirements, including the Tier 1 capital requirement, see "Business Government Regulation of Farmer Mac Regulation Capital Standards." Factors that could adversely affect the adequacy of Farmer Mac's capital levels in the future, and which may be beyond Farmer Mac's control, include: 
 
 credit losses; 
 adverse changes in interest rates or credit spreads; 
 the need to increase the level of the allowance for losses on loans; 
 legislative or regulatory actions that increase Farmer Mac's capital requirements; and 
 changes in GAAP. 

47 

Political Risk 
 
 Farmer Mac is a GSE that may be materially and adversely affected by legislative or political developments. 
 
 Farmer Mac is a GSE with a statutory charter that may be amended by Congress at any time, and is also regulated by government agencies, including the FCA and the SEC. Although Farmer Mac is not aware of any pending legislative or regulatory proposals that would materially impact its business or operations, Farmer Mac's ability to effectively conduct its business is subject to risks and uncertainties related to political developments that could affect Farmer Mac or GSEs generally. These political risks and uncertainties may be heightened under a new Congress or Presidential administration. Farmer Mac cannot predict whether or when legislative or regulatory initiatives may commence that, if successful, could negatively affect the status of Farmer Mac as a GSE or how Farmer Mac operates, and which could have a material and adverse effect on Farmer Mac's business, operating results, financial condition, or capital levels. See "Business Government Regulation of Farmer Mac" for more information about the rules and regulations governing Farmer Mac's activities. 
 
 Human Capital Risk 
 
 Farmer Mac's ability to attract and retain motivated and qualified employees is critical to the success of its business, and significant or sustained disruption in the continuity of Farmer Mac's employees or executive leaders may materially adversely affect Farmer Mac's business performance, operations, financial condition, or reputation. 
 
 Farmer Mac relies on its employees' breadth and depth of knowledge of Farmer Mac and related industries to run its business operations successfully. If Farmer Mac cannot continue to retain and attract motivated and qualified employees or does not have adequate human capital to achieve its business objectives, Farmer Mac's business performance, operations, financial condition, or reputation could be materially adversely affected. A significant disruption in the continuity of Farmer Mac's employees or any significant executive leadership change could also result in a loss of productivity and affect Farmer Mac's ability to successfully execute business strategies by creating uncertainty or instability or requiring Farmer Mac to divert or expend more resources to replace personnel. Loss of key leadership personnel could also damage the public or market perception of Farmer Mac or result in the departure of other executives or key employees. Any of these factors could materially adversely affect Farmer Mac's business performance, operations, financial condition, or reputation. 
 
 Any of the risks described in this section could materially and adversely affect Farmer Mac's business, operating results, financial condition, reputation, capital levels, and future earnings. For more information about Farmer Mac's risk management, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management" in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 

48 

Farmer Mac maintains its principal office at 1999 K Street, N.W., 4th Floor, Washington, D.C. 20006, under a sublease that began on October 1, 2011 and ends on August 30, 2024. Farmer Mac also maintains another office location at 9169 Northpark Drive, Johnston, Iowa 50131, under an amended lease that began on October 1, 2017 and ends on August 31, 2027. Farmer Mac believes that its offices are suitable and adequate for its current and anticipated needs for the near future. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

49 

PART I 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer 
 Purchases for Equity Securities 
 
 (a) Farmer Mac has three classes of common stock outstanding Class A voting common stock, Class B voting common stock, and Class C non-voting common stock. Ownership of Class A voting common stock is restricted to banks, insurance companies, and other financial institutions or similar entities that are not institutions of the FCS. Ownership of Class B voting common stock is restricted to institutions of the FCS. There are no ownership restrictions on the Class C non-voting common stock. In the original public offering of the Class A and Class B voting common stock, Farmer Mac reserved the right to redeem at book value any shares of either class held by an ineligible holder. 
 
 Farmer Mac's Class A voting common stock and Class C non-voting common stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbols AGM.A and AGM, respectively. The Class B voting common stock, which has a limited market and trades infrequently, is not listed or quoted on any exchange or other quotation system, and Farmer Mac is not aware of any publicly available quotations or prices for that class of common stock. 
 
 As of February 6, 2023, Farmer Mac had 851 registered owners of the Class A voting common stock, 75 registered owners of the Class B voting common stock, and 807 registered owners of the Class C non-voting common stock. 
 
 The dividend rights of all three classes of Farmer Mac's common stock are the same, and dividends may be paid on common stock only when, as, and if declared by Farmer Mac's board of directors in its sole discretion, subject to compliance with applicable capital requirements and payment of dividends on any outstanding preferred stock. On February 23, 2021, Farmer Mac's board of directors declared a dividend of 0.88 per share on Farmer Mac's common stock payable for first quarter 2021. That dividend was paid quarterly through fourth quarter 2021.On February 24, 2022, Farmer Mac's board of directors declared a dividend of 0.95 per share on Farmer Mac's common stock payable for first quarter 2022. That dividend was paid quarterly through fourth quarter 2022. On February 22, 2023, Farmer Mac's board of directors declared a dividend of 1.10 per share on Farmer Mac's common stock payable for first quarter 2023. See "Business Financing Equity Issuance" for more information on Farmer Mac's common stock. 
 
 The quarterly dividend of 1.10 per share on all three classes of common stock for first quarter 2023 represents an increase of 0.15 per common share, or 16 , over the quarterly dividend payout in 2022 and reflects the board's goal to maintain Farmer Mac's common stock dividend payout target as a percentage of annual core earnings at 35 . In deciding to maintain Farmer Mac's common stock dividend payout target, the board of directors considered Farmer Mac's strong capital position and the consistency of and outlook for earnings, balanced against the need for capital to fund the significant growth objectives identified in the company's strategic plan and to meet regulatory requirements and metrics established by the board of directors. These actions are also consistent with Farmer Mac's goal of providing a competitive return on its common stockholders' investments through the payment of cash dividends. 
 
 The declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of Farmer Mac's common stock are, however, at the discretion of Farmer Mac's board of directors and depend on many factors, including Farmer Mac's financial condition, actual results of operations and earnings, the capital needs of Farmer Mac's business, regulatory requirements, and other factors that Farmer Mac's board deems relevant. Farmer Mac's ability to pay dividends on its common stock is also subject to the payment of dividends on its outstanding 
 
 50 

preferred stock. Applicable FCA regulations also require Farmer Mac to provide FCA with 15 days' advance notice of certain capital distributions. Farmer Mac's ability to declare and pay dividends could be restricted if it were to fail to comply with applicable capital requirements. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for more information about Farmer Mac's capital position and see "Business Government Regulation of Farmer Mac Regulation Capital Standards" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital Requirements" for more information on the capital requirements applicable to Farmer Mac. 
 
 Information about securities authorized for issuance under Farmer Mac's equity compensation plans appears under "Equity Compensation Plans" in Farmer Mac's definitive proxy statement to be filed on or about April 14, 2023. That portion of the definitive proxy statement is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Farmer Mac is a federally chartered instrumentality of the United States, and its common stock is exempt from registration under Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act. One type of transaction related to Farmer Mac's common stock occurred during fourth quarter 2022 that was not registered under the Securities Act and not otherwise reported on a Current Report on Form 8-K: 
 
 In October 2022, consistent with Farmer Mac's policy that permits directors of Farmer Mac to elect to receive shares of Class C non-voting common stock in lieu of their cash retainers, Farmer Mac issued an aggregate of 515 shares of Class C non-voting common stock to the six directors who elected to receive such stock in lieu of a portion of their cash retainers. The number of shares issued to the directors was calculated based on a price of 99.14 per share, which was the closing price of the Class C non-voting common stock on September 30, 2022, the last business day of the third quarter, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange. 

Performance Graph . The following graph compares the performance of Farmer Mac's Class A voting common stock and Class C non-voting common stock with the performance of the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index ("NYSE Comp") and the Standard Poor's 500 Diversified Financials Index ("S P 500 Div Fin") over the period from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in each of: Farmer Mac's Class A voting common stock; Farmer Mac's Class C non-voting common stock; the NYSE Composite Index; and the S P 500 Diversified Financials Index. The graph also assumes that all dividends were reinvested into the same securities throughout the past five years. Farmer Mac obtained the information in the performance graph from S P Global Market Intelligence. 

51 

This performance graph shall not be deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC, and this performance graph shall not be incorporated by reference into any of Farmer Mac's filings under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and related regulations, or any other document, whether made before or after the date of this report and despite any general incorporation language contained in a filing or document (except to the extent Farmer Mac specifically incorporates this section by reference into a filing or document). 
 
 (b) Not applicable. 
 
 (c) None. 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 
 
 52 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The objective of this section of the report is to provide a discussion and analysis, from management s 
 perspective, of the material information necessary to assess Farmer Mac's financial condition and results 
 of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. Financial information included in this report is 
 consolidated to include the accounts of Farmer Mac and its two subsidiaries Farmer Mac Mortgage 
 Securities Corporation and Farmer Mac II LLC. This discussion and analysis of financial condition and 
 results of operations should be read together with Farmer Mac's consolidated financial statements and the 
 related notes to the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

Overview 
 
 Farmer Mac is a mission-focused, purpose-driven company determined to drive economic opportunity and prosperity by increasing the accessibility of financing for American agriculture and rural infrastructure. As the nation s secondary market for agricultural and rural infrastructure loans, we help strengthen and connect rural America by providing a broad array of financial solutions to lenders that support flexible low-cost financing to farmers, ranchers, agribusinesses, renewable energy projects, rural utilities, and other related rural businesses and enterprises. Farmer Mac also serves as a critical investment tool for entities such as states, counties, municipalities, pension funds, banks, public trust funds, and credit unions. Farmer Mac offers those entities a variety of investment opportunities that may diversify their investment portfolios and provide the opportunity to earn a competitive return on their investment dollars. 
 
 During 2022: 
 
 we provided 9.0 billion in liquidity and lending capacity to lenders serving rural America; 
 we closed our second structured securitization transaction involving approximately 300 million of agricultural mortgage loans; 
 we maintained uninterrupted access to the debt capital markets and a strong capital position; and 
 we maintained strong liquidity in our investment portfolio well above regulatory requirements. 
 
 Farmer Mac s performance during 2022, described in more detail below, reflects the success of our continued focus on pursuing new channels and innovative ways to further our mission to increase the accessibility of financing for American agriculture and rural infrastructure. Despite ongoing macroeconomic concerns and potential headwinds such as deteriorating macroeconomic conditions, inflation, rising interest rates, and war in Ukraine, Farmer Mac delivered solid financial results. These financial results in 2022 reflected a variety of factors, including: (1) the resilience of the farm economy, as producers have benefited from healthy farm incomes and liquidity from relatively high commodity prices resulting from heightened demand, with revenues rising faster than the costs of inputs; (2) an increase in Farmer Mac's outstanding business volume at higher spreads while credit quality improved; (3) Farmer Mac's disciplined approach to interest rate risk management that helps to protect earnings from the effects of interest rate volatility and are accretive to Farmer Mac during periods of rising interest rates; and (4) Farmer Mac's effective funding strategies that resulted in advantageous funding during 2022, which have also benefited from the rising interest rate environment in the current period. The discussion below of Farmer Mac's financial information includes "non-GAAP measures," which are measures of financial performance not presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United 
 
 53 

States ("GAAP"). For more information about the non-GAAP measures Farmer Mac uses, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Use of Non-GAAP Measures." 
 
 Net Income and Core Earnings 
 
 The following table shows our net income attributable to common stockholders and core earnings for the periods presented. Core earnings and core earnings per share are non-GAAP measures that differ from net income attributable to common stockholders and earnings per common share, respectively, by excluding the effects of fair value fluctuations and specified infrequent or unusual transactions. 
 
 Table 1 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net income attributable to common stockholders 150,979 111,412 94,904 Core earnings 124,314 113,570 100,612 
 
 The 39.6 million year-over-year increase in net income attributable to common stockholders was due to a 38.7 million after-tax increase in net interest income and a 17.6 million after-tax increase in the fair value of undesignated financial derivatives. These factors were partially offset by a 5.2 million after-tax decrease related to the non-recurrence of the gain on the sale of mortgage loans that occurred in the prior period, a 6.6 million increase in operating expenses, a 2.5 million increase in preferred stock dividends, and a 2.4 million increase in our provision for credit losses. 
 
 The 16.5 million increase in net income attributable to common stockholders for 2021 compared to 2020 was due to a 20.6 million after-tax increase in net interest income, a net change in our (release)/provision for credit losses of 8.1 million after tax, and a 5.2 million after-tax gain on sale of mortgage loans. These factors were partially offset by a 9.5 million after-tax increase in operating expenses, a 6.9 million increase in preferred stock dividends, and a 1.1 million after-tax decrease in the fair value of undesignated financial derivatives. 
 
 The 10.7 million year-over-year increase in core earnings was due to a 27.5 million after-tax increase in net effective spread. This factor was partially offset by a 5.2 million after-tax decrease related to the non-recurrence of the gain on the sale of mortgage loans that occurred in the prior period, a 6.6 million increase in operating expenses, a 2.5 million increase in preferred stock dividends, and a 2.4 million increase in our provision for credit losses. 
 
 The 13.0 million increase in core earnings for 2021 compared to 2020 was due to a 18.7 million after-tax increase in net effective spread, a net change in our (release)/provision for credit losses of 8.1 million after tax, and a 5.2 million after-tax gain on sale of mortgage loans. These factors were partially offset by a 9.5 million after-tax increase in operating expenses, a 6.9 million increase in preferred stock dividends, a 1.3 million after-tax decrease in guarantee fees, and a 0.8 million after-tax decrease in other income. 
 
 For more information about net income attributable to common stockholders, the composition of core earnings, and a reconciliation of net income attributable to common stockholders to core earnings, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of 
 
 54 

Operations." For more information about the non-GAAP measures Farmer Mac uses, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Use of Non-GAAP Measures." 
 
 Net Interest Income and Net Effective Spread 
 
 The following table shows our net interest income and net effective spread in both dollars and percentage yield or spread for the periods presented. Farmer Mac uses net effective spread, a non-GAAP measure, as an alternative to net interest income because management believes it is a useful metric that reflects the economics of the net spread between all the assets owned by Farmer Mac and all related funding, including any associated derivatives, some of which may not be included in net interest income. 
 
 Table 2 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net interest income 270,940 221,951 195,848 Net interest yield 1.04 0.94 0.87 Net effective spread 255,529 220,668 196,956 Net effective spread 1.02 0.98 0.93 
 
 The 49.0 million year-over-year increase in net interest income was primarily attributable to a 21.9 million increase from net new business volume and a 21.4 million decrease in funding costs, due to increasing yields on interest-earning assets on our short-term investments that are funded by non-interest bearing excess equity, and a 6.1 million increase in the fair value of designated financial derivatives. In percentage terms, the year-over-year 0.10 increase was primarily attributable to a decrease of 0.08 in funding costs and an increase of 0.02 in net fair value changes from financial derivatives designated in hedge accounting relationships (designated financial derivatives). 
 
 The 26.1 million increase in net interest income for 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to a 16.7 million increase related to net new business volume, a 6.9 million decrease in funding costs, and a 3.6 million increase in the fair value of derivatives designated in fair value hedge accounting relationships (designated financial derivatives). In percentage terms, the 0.07 increase was primarily attributable to an increase of 0.04 in net new business volume, an increase of 0.02 in net fair value changes from designated financial derivatives, and a decrease of 0.01 in funding costs. 
 
 The 34.9 million year-over-year increase in net effective spread in dollars was primarily due to a 23.6 million increase from net new business volume, a 7.7 million decrease in non-GAAP funding costs, due to increasing yields on interest-earning assets on our short-term investments that are funded by non-interest bearing excess equity, a 2.4 million increase in net servicing revenue, and a 0.9 million increase in cash-basis interest income. In percentage terms, the year-over-year increase of 0.04 was primarily attributable to a decrease of 0.03 in non-GAAP funding costs and an increase of 0.01 in cash-basis interest income. 
 
 The 23.7 million increase in net effective spread in dollars for 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to an increase of 16.7 million from net new business volume and a 6.3 million decrease in non-GAAP funding costs. In percentage terms, the year-over-year increase of 0.05 was primarily attributable to an increase of 0.04 in net new business volume and a decrease of 0.01 in non-GAAP funding costs. 
 
 55 

For more information about Farmer Mac's use of net effective spread as a financial measure, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Use of Non-GAAP Measures." For a reconciliation of net interest income to net effective spread, see Table 10 in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Net Interest Income." 
 
 Business Volume 
 
 Our outstanding business volume was 25.9 billion as of December 31, 2022, a net increase of 2.3 billion from December 31, 2021 after taking into account all new business, maturities, sales, and paydowns on existing assets. The net increase was primarily attributable to net increases of 1.7 billion in the Agricultural Finance line of business and 0.6 billion in the Rural Infrastructure Finance line of business. 
 
 For more information about Farmer Mac's business volume, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Business Volume." 
 
 Capital 
 
 Table 3 As of December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Core capital 1,322,801 1,209,847 Capital in excess of minimum capital level required 516,882 496,771 
 
 The increase in capital in excess of the minimum capital level required was primarily due to an increase in retained earnings. 
 
 Credit Quality 
 
 The following table presents Agricultural Finance on- and off-balance sheet substandard assets, in dollars and as a percentage of the respective portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Table 4 On-Balance Sheet Off-Balance Sheet Substandard Assets of Portfolio Substandard Assets of Portfolio (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 169,667 2.3 39,733 1.2 December 31, 2021 185,758 2.7 60,922 2.1 Increase/(decrease) from prior year-ending (16,091) (0.4) (21,189) (0.9) 
 The decrease of 16.1 million in on-balance sheet substandard assets during 2022 was primarily driven by credit upgrades in crops, livestock, and permanent plantings, and was partially offset by credit downgrades in agricultural storage and processing and part-time farms. The on-balance sheet Agricultural Finance portfolio grew by 681.6 million, which when combined with the net credit upgrades caused the percentage of substandard assets to decrease. The 21.2 million decrease in substandard assets in our off-balance sheet portfolios during 2022 was primarily due to credit upgrades in crops, livestock, and 
 
 56 

permanent plantings, and was partially offset by credit downgrades in part-time farms. The off-balance sheet Agricultural Finance portfolio grew by 188.3 million, which when combined with the net credit upgrades caused the percentage of substandard assets to decrease. 
 There were no substandard assets in the Rural Infrastructure Finance portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and one loan classified as substandard in that portfolio as of December 31, 2021. 
 For an analysis of current loan-to-value ratios across substandard and other internally assigned risk ratings, see Table 25 in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Credit Risk Loans and Guarantees." 
 The following table presents 90-day delinquencies for the on- and off-balance sheet Agricultural Finance portfolios, in dollars and as a percentage of the respective balance sheet category as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Table 5 On-Balance Sheet Off-Balance Sheet 90-Day Delinquencies of Portfolio 90-Day Delinquencies of Portfolio (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 39,681 0.53 3,817 0.12 December 31, 2021 43,710 0.64 3,597 0.12 Increase/(decrease) from prior year-ending (4,029) (0.11) 220 
 On-balance sheet Agricultural Finance assets 90 or more days delinquent decreased in crops and livestock, and was partially offset by increases in agricultural storage and processing, part-time farms, and permanent plantings. Off-balance sheet Agricultural Finance assets 90 days or more delinquent increased in part-time farms and livestock, and was partially offset by decreases in crops and permanent plantings. The top ten borrower exposures over 90 days delinquent in either the on- or off-balance sheet Agricultural Finance portfolio represented over half of the aggregate 90-day delinquencies as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no 90-day delinquencies in Farmer Mac's portfolio of Rural Infrastructure Finance loan purchases and loans underlying LTSPCs. 
 
 For more information about Farmer Mac's credit metrics, including 90-day delinquencies, the total allowance for losses, and substandard assets, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Credit Risk Loans and Guarantees." 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The preparation of Farmer Mac's consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and related notes for the periods presented. Farmer Mac considers an accounting estimate made in accordance with GAAP to be critical when it involves a significant level of estimation uncertainty and it has had or is likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 

57 

The accounting estimate that Farmer Mac considers to be critical in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements is the estimation of the fair value of AgVantage Securities that are classified as available for sale (AgVantage AFS). Farmer Mac considers the fair value of AgVantage AFS to be a critical estimate due to the significance of the periodic measurement of mark-to-market adjustments relative to the company's total assets, comprehensive income, and equity. Farmer Mac also considers the fair value of AgVantage AFS to be a critical accounting estimate because Farmer Mac applies a discount rate in calculating the net present value of future expected cash flows that is both significant to the estimate of their fair value and unobservable in the market. Farmer Mac relies upon this significant unobservable input to estimate the fair value of AgVantage AFS because there are no observable transactions in these securities in the market. 
 
 The fair value of AgVantage AFS had accumulated unrealized gains in the amount of 2.1 million and 212.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and USDA Securities for more information. 
 
 Farmer Mac applies discount rates that are commensurate with the risks involved to estimate the fair value measurement of AgVantage AFS. As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac applied discount rates that ranged from 4.7 to 6.1 (with a weighted average of 5.1 ), As of December 31, 2021, Farmer Mac applied discount rates that ranged from 0.9 to 2.1 (with a weighted average of 1.7 ). 
 
 Use of different discount rates than those selected by Farmer Mac may result in materially different estimates of fair value for AgVantage AFS. Farmer Mac selects the discount rate for each AgVantage AFS security by analyzing credit default swap levels and the long-term credit outlook of Farmer Mac's major counterparties and estimating an appropriate credit spread relative to U.S. Treasury yields. The periodic measurement of fair value and underlying discount rate methodology is subject to Farmer Mac s internal controls and review by management. As of December 31, 2022, a 0.50 increase in the discount rates used to determine the fair value of AgVantage AFS would decrease the overall GAAP carrying value by approximately 1.98 . See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements Fair Value Disclosures for more information. 
 
 For a description of Farmer Mac s accounting policy for fair value measurements, see Note 2(n) to the consolidated financial statements Significant Accounting Policies, Fair Value Measurements. 

Use of Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 In the accompanying analysis of its financial information, Farmer Mac uses "non-GAAP measures," which are measures of financial performance that are not presented in accordance with GAAP. Specifically, Farmer Mac uses the following non-GAAP measures: "core earnings," "core earnings per share," and "net effective spread." Farmer Mac uses these non-GAAP measures to measure corporate economic performance and develop financial plans because, in management's view, they are useful alternative measures in understanding Farmer Mac's economic performance, transaction economics, and business trends. 
 
 The non-GAAP financial measures that Farmer Mac uses may not be comparable to similarly labeled non-GAAP financial measures disclosed by other companies. Farmer Mac's disclosure of these non-GAAP measures is intended to be supplemental in nature and is not meant to be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as more important than, the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 58 

Core Earnings and Core Earnings Per Share 
 
 The main difference between core earnings and core earnings per share (non-GAAP measures) and net income attributable to common stockholders and earnings per common share (GAAP measures) is that those non-GAAP measures exclude the effects of fair value fluctuations. These fluctuations are not expected to have a cumulative net impact on Farmer Mac's financial condition or results of operations reported in accordance with GAAP if the related financial instruments are held to maturity, as is expected. Another difference is that these two non-GAAP measures exclude specified infrequent or unusual transactions that we believe are not indicative of future operating results and that may not reflect the trends and economic financial performance of Farmer Mac's core business. For example, we have excluded from core earnings and core earnings per share any losses on retirement of preferred stock. For a reconciliation of Farmer Mac's net income attributable to common stockholders to core earnings and of earnings per common share to core earnings per share, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations." 
 
 Net Effective Spread 
 
 Farmer Mac uses net effective spread to measure the net spread Farmer Mac earns between its interest-earning assets and the related net funding costs of these assets. As further explained below, net effective spread differs from net interest income and net interest yield by excluding certain items from net interest income and net interest yield and including certain other items that net interest income and net interest yield do not contain. 
 
 Farmer Mac excludes from net effective spread the interest income and interest expense associated with the consolidated trusts and the average balance of the loans underlying these trusts to reflect management's view that the net interest income Farmer Mac earns on the related Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities owned by third parties is effectively a guarantee fee. Accordingly, the excluded interest income and interest expense associated with consolidated trusts is reclassified to guarantee and commitment fees in determining Farmer Mac's core earnings. Farmer Mac also excludes from net effective spread the fair value changes of financial derivatives and the corresponding assets or liabilities designated in fair value hedge accounting relationships because they are not expected to have an economic effect on Farmer Mac's financial performance, as we expect to hold the financial derivatives and corresponding hedged items to maturity. 
 
 Net effective spread also differs from net interest income and net interest yield because it includes the accrual of income and expense related to the contractual amounts due on financial derivatives that are not designated in hedge accounting relationships ("undesignated financial derivatives"). Farmer Mac uses interest rate swaps to manage its interest rate risk exposure by synthetically modifying the interest rate reset or maturity characteristics of certain assets and liabilities. The accrual of the contractual amounts due on interest rate swaps designated in hedge accounting relationships is included as an adjustment to the yield or cost of the hedged item and is included in net interest income. For undesignated financial derivatives, Farmer Mac records the income or expense related to the accrual of the contractual amounts due in "Gains on financial derivatives" on the consolidated statements of operations. However, the accrual of the contractual amounts due for undesignated financial derivatives are included in Farmer Mac's calculation of net effective spread. 

59 

Net effective spread also differs from net interest income and net interest yield because it includes the net effects of terminations or net settlements on financial derivatives, which consist of: (1) the net effects of cash settlements on agency forward contracts on the debt of other GSEs and U.S. Treasury security futures that we use as short-term economic hedges on the issuance of debt; and (2) the net effects of initial cash payments that Farmer Mac receives upon the inception of certain swaps. The inclusion of these items in net effective spread is intended to reflect our view of the complete net spread between an asset and all of its related funding, including any associated derivatives, whether or not they are designated in a hedge accounting relationship. 
 
 For a reconciliation of net interest income and net interest yield to net effective spread, see Table 10 in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Net Interest Income." 

Results of Operations 
 
 Reconciliations of Farmer Mac's net income attributable to common stockholders to core earnings and core earnings per share are presented in the following tables along with information about the composition of core earnings: 

60 

Table 6 
 Reconciliation of Net Income Attributable to Common Stockholders to Core Earnings For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except per share amounts) Net income attributable to common stockholders 150,979 111,412 94,904 Less reconciling items: Gains/(losses) on undesignated financial derivatives due to fair value changes (see Table 13) 13,495 (1,431) (1,701) Gains/(losses) on hedging activities due to fair value changes 5,343 (1,810) (4,759) Unrealized (losses)/gains on trading securities (917) (115) 51 Net effects of amortization of premiums/discounts and deferred gains on assets consolidated at fair value 39 130 58 Net effects of terminations or net settlements on financial derivatives 15,794 494 1,236 Issuance costs on the retirement of preferred stock (1,667) Income tax effect related to reconciling items (7,089) 574 1,074 Sub-total 26,665 (2,158) (5,708) Core earnings 124,314 113,570 100,612 Composition of Core Earnings: Revenues: Net effective spread (1) 
 255,529 220,668 196,956 Guarantee and commitment fees (2) 
 18,144 17,533 19,150 Gains on sale of mortgage loans 6,539 Other (3) 
 1,684 1,680 2,687 Total revenues 275,357 246,420 218,793 Credit related expense (GAAP): Provision for/(release of) losses 806 (2,187) 8,055 REO operating expenses 819 Gains on sale of REO (463) Total credit related expense 1,625 (2,187) 7,592 Operating expenses (GAAP): Compensation and employee benefits 48,766 42,847 36,502 General and administrative 29,772 27,507 21,976 Regulatory fees 3,269 3,062 2,925 Total operating expenses 81,807 73,416 61,403 Net earnings 191,925 175,191 149,798 Income tax expense (4) 
 40,446 36,944 31,381 Preferred stock dividends (GAAP) 27,165 24,677 17,805 Core earnings 124,314 113,570 100,612 Core earnings per share: Basic 11.52 10.56 9.38 Diluted 11.42 10.47 9.33 Weighted-average shares: Basic 10,791 10,758 10,728 Diluted 10,883 10,846 10,786 
 
 61 

(1) Net effective spread is a non-GAAP measure. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Use of Non-GAAP Measures Net Effective Spread" for an explanation of net effective spread. See Table 10 for a reconciliation of net interest income to net effective spread. 
 (2) Includes interest income and interest expense related to consolidated trusts owned by third parties reclassified from net interest income to guarantee and commitment fees to reflect management's view that the net interest income Farmer Mac earns is effectively a guarantee fee on the consolidated Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities. 
 (3) Reflects reconciling adjustments for the reclassification to exclude expenses related to interest rate swaps not designated as hedges and terminations or net settlements on financial derivatives, and reconciling adjustments to exclude fair value adjustments on financial derivatives and trading assets and the recognition of deferred gains over the estimated lives of certain Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and USDA Securities. 
 (4) Includes the tax impact of non-GAAP reconciling items between net income attributable to common stockholders and core earnings. 
 
 Table 7 Reconciliation of GAAP Basic Earnings Per Share to Core Earnings - Basic Earnings Per Share For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except per share amounts) GAAP - Basic EPS 14.00 10.36 8.85 Less reconciling items: Gains/(losses) on undesignated financial derivatives due to fair value changes (see Table 13) 1.25 (0.13) (0.16) Gains/(losses) on hedging activities due to fair value changes 0.50 (0.17) (0.44) Unrealized losses on trading securities (0.08) (0.01) Net effects of amortization of premiums/discounts and deferred gains on assets consolidated at fair value 0.01 0.01 Net effects of terminations or net settlements on financial derivatives 1.47 0.04 0.12 Issuance costs on the retirement of preferred stock (0.16) Income tax effect related to reconciling items (0.66) 0.06 0.10 Sub-total 2.48 (0.20) (0.53) Core Earnings - Basic EPS 11.52 10.56 9.38 Shares used in per share calculation (GAAP and Core Earnings) 10,791 10,758 10,728 
 
 Reconciliation of GAAP Diluted Earnings Per Share to Core Earnings - Diluted Earnings Per Share For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except per share amounts) GAAP - Diluted EPS 13.87 10.27 8.80 Less reconciling items: Gains/(losses) on undesignated financial derivatives due to fair value changes (see Table 13) 1.24 (0.13) (0.16) Gains/(losses) on hedging activities due to fair value changes 0.49 (0.17) (0.44) Unrealized losses on trading securities (0.08) (0.01) Net effects of amortization of premiums/discounts and deferred gains on assets consolidated at fair value 0.01 0.01 Net effects of terminations or net settlements on financial derivatives 1.45 0.05 0.11 Issuance costs on the retirement of preferred stock (0.15) Income tax effect related to reconciling items (0.65) 0.05 0.10 Sub-total 2.45 (0.20) (0.53) Core Earnings - Diluted EPS 11.42 10.47 9.33 Shares used in per share calculation (GAAP and Core Earnings) 10,883 10,846 10,786 

62 

The non-GAAP reconciling items between net income attributable to common stockholders and core earnings are: 
 
 1. Gains/(losses) on financial derivatives due to fair value changes are presented by two reconciling items in Table 6 above: (a) Gains/(losses) on undesignated financial derivatives due to fair value changes; and (b) Gains/(losses) on hedging activities due to fair value changes. 
 
 2. Unrealized (losses)/gains on trading securities. The unrealized (losses)/gains on trading securities are reported on Farmer Mac's consolidated statements of operations, which represent changes during the period in fair values for trading assets remaining on Farmer Mac's balance sheet as of the end of the reporting period. 
 3. The net effects of amortization of premiums/discounts and deferred gains on assets consolidated at fair value. The amount of this non-GAAP reconciling item is the recorded amount of premium, discount, or deferred gain amortization during the reporting period on those assets for which the premium, discount, or deferred gain was based on the application of an accounting principle (e.g., consolidation of variable interest entities) rather than on a cash transaction (e.g., a purchase price premium or discount). 
 4. The net effects of terminations or net settlements on financial derivatives. These terminations or net settlements relate to: 
 Forward contracts on the debt of other GSEs and futures contracts on U.S. Treasury securities. These contracts are used as a short-term economic hedge of the issuance of debt. For GAAP purposes, realized gains or losses on settlements of these contracts are reported in the consolidated statements of operations in the period in which they occur. For core earnings purposes, these realized gains or losses are deferred and amortized as net yield adjustments over the term of the related debt, which generally ranges from 3 to 15 years. 
 5. The recognition of deferred issuance costs on the retirement of the Series A Preferred Stock in 2020 has been excluded from core earnings because they are not frequently occurring transactions, nor are they indicative of future operating results. This is consistent with Farmer Mac's previous treatment of deferred issuance costs associated with the retirement of preferred stock. The next eligible preferred stock redemption date is in 2024. 
 The following sections provide more detail about specific components of Farmer Mac's results of operations. 

Net Interest Income . The following table provides information about interest-earning assets and funding for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. The average balance of non-accruing loans is included in the average balance of loans, Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities, and USDA Securities presented, though the related income is accounted for on a cash basis. Therefore, as the average balance of non-accruing loans and the income received increases or decreases, the net interest income and yield will fluctuate accordingly. The average balance of loans in consolidated trusts with beneficial interests owned by third parties is disclosed in the net effect of consolidated trusts and is not included in the average balances of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The interest income and expense associated with these trusts are shown in the net effect of consolidated trusts. 
 
 63 

Table 8 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Average Balance Income/ Expense Average Rate Average Balance Income/ Expense Average Rate Average Balance Income/ Expense Average Rate (dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Cash and investments 5,236,118 82,659 1.58 4,726,552 18,660 0.39 4,180,158 42,144 1.01 Loans, Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and USDA Securities (1) 
 19,882,489 602,537 3.03 17,838,238 368,330 2.06 16,950,819 412,556 2.43 Total interest-earning assets 25,118,607 685,196 2.73 22,564,790 386,990 1.72 21,130,977 454,700 2.15 Funding: Notes payable due within one year 2,876,452 48,481 1.69 3,779,689 3,820 0.10 3,937,104 24,242 0.62 Notes payable due after one year (2) 
 20,987,990 370,014 1.76 18,004,757 166,083 0.92 16,869,918 241,211 1.43 Total interest-bearing liabilities (3) 
 23,864,442 418,495 1.75 21,784,446 169,903 0.78 20,807,022 265,453 1.28 Net non-interest-bearing funding 1,254,165 780,344 323,955 Total funding 25,118,607 418,495 1.67 22,564,790 169,903 0.75 21,130,977 265,453 1.26 Net interest income/yield prior to consolidation of certain trusts 25,118,607 266,701 1.06 22,564,790 217,087 0.96 21,130,977 189,247 0.90 Net effect of consolidated trusts (4) 
 850,916 4,239 0.50 1,049,521 4,864 0.46 1,396,850 6,601 0.47 Net interest income/yield 25,969,523 270,940 1.04 23,614,311 221,951 0.94 22,527,827 195,848 0.87 
 (1) Excludes interest income of 31.7 million, 39.0 million, and 54.1 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, related to consolidated trusts with beneficial interests owned by third parties. 
 (2) Includes current portion of long-term notes. 
 (3) Excludes interest expense of 27.4 million, 34.1 million, and 47.5 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, related to consolidated trusts with beneficial interests owned by third parties. 
 (4) Includes the effect of consolidated trusts with beneficial interests owned by third parties. 
 
 The 49.0 million year-over-year increase in net interest income was primarily attributable to a 21.9 million increase from net new business volume, a 21.4 million decrease in funding costs due to increasing yields on interest-earning assets on our short-term investments that are funded by non-interest bearing excess equity, and a 6.1 million increase in the fair value of designated financial derivatives. In percentage terms, the year-over-year 0.10 increase was primarily attributable to a decrease of 0.08 in funding costs and an increase of 0.02 in net fair value changes from financial derivatives designated in hedge accounting relationships (designated financial derivatives). 
 
 The 26.1 million increase in net interest income for 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to a 16.7 million increase related to net new business volume, a 6.9 million decrease in funding costs, and a 3.6 million increase in the fair value of derivatives designated in fair value hedge accounting relationships (designated financial derivatives). In percentage terms, the 0.07 increase was primarily attributable to an increase of 0.04 in net new business volume, an increase of 0.02 in net fair value changes from designated financial derivatives, and a decrease of 0.01 in funding costs. 
 
 The following table sets forth information about changes in the components of Farmer Mac's net interest income prior to consolidation of certain trusts for the periods indicated. For each category, information is provided on changes attributable to changes in volume (change in volume multiplied by old rate), and changes in rate (change in rate multiplied by old volume), and then allocated based on the relative size of rate and volume changes from the prior period. 

64 

Table 9 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Increase/(Decrease) Due to Increase/(Decrease) Due to Rate Volume Total Rate Volume Total (in thousands) Income from interest-earning assets: Cash and investments 61,778 2,221 63,999 (28,400) 4,916 (23,484) Loans, Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and USDA Securities 188,111 46,096 234,207 (64,984) 20,758 (44,226) Total 249,889 48,317 298,206 (93,384) 25,674 (67,710) Expense from other interest-bearing liabilities 230,931 17,661 248,592 (107,497) 11,947 (95,550) Change in net interest income prior to consolidation of certain trusts (1) 
 18,958 30,656 49,614 14,113 13,727 27,840 
 (1) Excludes the effect of debt in consolidated trusts with beneficial interests owned by third parties. 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net interest income and net interest yield to net effective spread. Net effective spread is measured by: including (1) expenses related to undesignated financial derivatives, which consists of income or expense related to contractual amounts due on financial derivatives not designated in hedge relationships (the income or expense related to financial derivatives designated in hedge accounting relationships is already included in net interest income), and (2) the amortization of losses due to terminations or net settlements of financial derivatives; and excluding (3) the amortization of premiums and discounts on assets consolidated at fair value, (4) the net effects of consolidated trusts with beneficial interests owned by third parties, and (5) the fair value changes of financial derivatives and corresponding financial assets or liabilities in fair value hedge relationships. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Use of Non-GAAP Measures Net Effective Spread" for more information about net effective spread. 
 
 Table 10 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Dollars Yield Dollars Yield Dollars Yield (dollars in thousands) Net interest income/yield 270,940 1.04 221,951 0.94 195,848 0.87 Net effects of consolidated trusts (4,239) 0.02 (4,864) 0.02 (6,601) 0.02 Expense related to undesignated financial derivatives (7,756) (0.03) 2,841 0.01 3,468 0.02 Amortization of premiums/discounts on assets consolidated at fair value (24) (45) 197 Amortization of losses due to terminations or net settlements on financial derivatives 2,413 0.01 446 120 Fair value changes on fair value hedge relationships (5,805) (0.02) 339 0.01 3,924 0.02 Net effective spread 255,529 1.02 220,668 0.98 196,956 0.93 
 
 The 34.9 million year-over-year increase in net effective spread in dollars was primarily due to a 23.6 million increase from net new business volume, a 7.7 million decrease in non-GAAP funding costs due to increasing yields on interest-earning assets on our short-term investments that are funded by non-interest bearing excess equity, a 2.4 million increase in net servicing revenue, and a 0.9 million increase in cash-basis interest income. In percentage terms, the year-over-year increase of 0.04 was primarily attributable to an decrease of 0.03 in non-GAAP funding costs and an increase of 0.01 in cash-basis interest income. 
 
 65 

For 2021 compared to 2020, the 23.7 million year-over-year increase in net effective spread in dollars was primarily due to an increase of 16.7 million from net new business volume and a 6.3 million decrease in non-GAAP funding costs. In percentage terms, the increase of 0.05 was primarily attributable to an increase of 0.04 in net new business volume and a decrease of 0.01 in non-GAAP funding costs. 
 
 See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for more information about net interest income and net effective spread from Farmer Mac's individual business segments. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Supplemental Information" for quarterly net effective spread by line of business. 

Provision for and Release of Allowance for Losses and Reserve for Losses . The following table summarizes the components of Farmer Mac's total allowance for losses for the three-year period ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Table 11 Allowance for Losses Reserve for Losses Total Allowance for Losses (in thousands) Balance as of December 31, 2019 10,454 2,164 12,618 Cumulative effect adjustment from adoption of current expected credit loss standard 1,793 863 2,656 Adjusted Beginning Balance 12,247 3,027 15,274 Provision for losses 7,810 250 8,060 Charge-offs (5,759) (5,759) Balance as of December 31, 2020 14,298 3,277 17,575 Release of losses (860) (1,327) (2,187) Recovery 1,054 1,054 Balance as of December 31, 2021 14,492 1,950 16,442 Provision for/(release of) losses 1,323 (517) 806 Charge-offs (84) (84) Balance as of December 31, 2022 15,731 1,433 17,164 
 
 See Notes 8 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Credit Risk Loans and Guarantees." 
 
 During 2022, we recorded a 0.8 million provision to the allowance primarily as a result of one agricultural storage and processing loan that received a risk rating downgrade during the year, due to the borrower's ongoing bankruptcy. 
 
 Guarantee Fees . The following table presents guarantee and commitment fees, which compensate Farmer Mac for assuming the credit risk on loans underlying off-balance sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: 

66 

Table 12 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Contractual guarantee fees 14,235 12,669 12,549 Guarantee obligation amortization 5,913 7,257 Guarantee asset fair value changes (7,108) (7,257) Guarantee fee income 13,040 12,669 12,549 
 
 Guarantee and commitment fees increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, which was due to increases in the average outstanding balance of LTSPCs during the period. As adjusted for the core earnings presentation, guarantee and commitment fees were 18.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 17.5 million and 19.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 In Farmer Mac's presentation of core earnings, guarantee and commitment fees include interest income and interest expense related to consolidated trusts owned by third parties to reflect management's view that the net interest income Farmer Mac earns is effectively a guarantee fee on those consolidated Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities. Additionally, Farmer Mac has excluded guarantee asset fair value changes, because these fluctuations are not expected to have a cumulative net impact on Farmer Mac's financial condition or results of operations if Farmer Mac fulfills its guarantee obligation throughout the term of the guaranteed securities, as is expected. 
 
 For more information about net income attributable to common stockholders, the composition of core earnings, and a reconciliation of net income attributable to common stockholders to core earnings, see Table 6 in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations." For more information about the non-GAAP measures Farmer Mac uses, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Use of Non-GAAP Measures." 
 
 Gains on financial derivatives . The components of gains and losses on financial derivatives for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 are summarized in the following table: 
 
 Table 13 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Gains/(losses) due to fair value changes 13,495 (1,431) (1,701) Accrual of contractual payments (7,756) 2,841 3,468 Gains/(losses) due to terminations or net settlements 16,892 (1,086) (23) Gains on financial derivatives 22,631 324 1,744 
 
 These changes in fair value are primarily the result of fluctuations in long-term interest rates. The accrual of periodic cash settlements for interest paid or received from Farmer Mac's interest rate swaps that are undesignated financial derivatives is shown as expense related to financial derivatives. Payments or receipts to terminate undesignated derivative positions or net cash settled forward sales contracts on the debt of other GSEs and undesignated U.S. Treasury security futures and initial cash payments received 
 
 67 

upon the inception of certain undesignated swaps are included in "Gains/(losses) due to terminations or net settlements" in the table above. 
 
 Gains on Sale of Mortgage Loans 
 
 Table 14 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Gains on sale of mortgage loans 6,539 
 
 In 2021, Farmer Mac executed a structured securitization of Farm Ranch loans that was treated as an off-balance sheet transaction, which resulted in a gain of 6.5 million. 
 
 Operating Expenses . The components of operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 are summarized in the following table: 
 
 Table 15 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Compensation and employee benefits 48,766 42,847 36,502 General and administrative 29,772 27,507 21,976 Regulatory fees 3,269 3,062 2,925 Total Operating Expenses 81,807 73,416 61,403 
 
 Compensation and Employee Benefits . The increase in compensation and employee benefits expenses for 2022 compared to 2021 was due to increased headcount (full year impact of 32 net new hires in 2021 and 5 net new hires in 2022) and increased executive stock compensation. The increase in compensation and employee benefits expenses for 2021 compared to 2020 was due to increased headcount. We hired 32 net new employees in 2021, including ten new employees in connection with the strategic acquisition of loan servicing rights in third quarter 2021. 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses (G A) . The increase in G A expenses for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to increased spending on software licenses and information technology and other consultants to support growth and strategic initiatives. During 2021, we entered into a transition services agreement in connection with the strategic acquisition of loan servicing rights in third quarter 2021. Under that agreement, we paid 1.25 million to the seller of the servicing rights in installments through December 31, 2022 for continuing transition assistance. 

68 

Income Tax Expense . The following table presents income tax expense and the effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: 
 
 Table 16 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Income tax expense 47,535 36,372 30,307 Effective tax rate 21.1 21.1 20.9 
 
 69 

Business Volume . 
 
 The following table sets forth the net growth or decrease in Farmer Mac's lines of business for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Table 17 Net New Business Volume For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 On or Off Balance Sheet Net Growth/(Decrease) Net Growth/(Decrease) (in thousands) Agricultural Finance: Farm Ranch: Loans On-balance sheet 375,680 795,216 Loans held in consolidated trusts: Beneficial interests owned by third-party investors (Pass-Through) 1 
 On-balance sheet (33,705) (338,422) Beneficial interests owned by third-party investors (Structured) 1 
 On-balance sheet 296,658 IO-FMGS 2 
 On-balance sheet (1,675) 12,297 USDA Securities On-balance sheet (38,504) (41,614) AgVantage Securities 1 
 On-balance sheet 880,000 300,000 LTSPCs and unfunded commitments Off-balance sheet 235,155 272,189 Other Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities 3 
 Off-balance sheet (77,405) 199,748 Loans serviced for others Off-balance sheet (2,051) 22,331 Total Farm Ranch 1,634,153 1,221,745 Corporate AgFinance: Loans On-balance sheet 42,953 213,761 AgVantage Securities 1 
 On-balance sheet (7,864) (376,646) Unfunded commitments Off-balance sheet 30,584 36,604 Total Corporate AgFinance 65,673 (126,281) Total Agricultural Finance 1,699,826 1,095,464 Rural Infrastructure Finance: Rural Utilities: Loans On-balance sheet 499,323 114,996 AgVantage Securities 1 
 On-balance sheet 10,894 467,425 LTSPCs and unfunded commitments Off-balance sheet (44,245) 412 Other Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities 3 
 Off-balance sheet (1,586) (1,657) Total Rural Utilities 464,386 581,176 Renewable Energy: Loans On-balance sheet 132,807 13,728 Unfunded commitments Off-balance sheet 10,600 Total Renewable Energy 143,407 13,728 Total Rural Infrastructure Finance 607,793 594,904 Total 2,307,619 1,690,368 
 1 Categories of Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities. 
 2 An interest-only Farmer Mac Guaranteed Security retained as part of a structured securitization. 
 3 Other categories of Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities that were sold by Farmer Mac to third parties. 
 
 70 

Farmer Mac's outstanding business volume was 25.9 billion as of December 31, 2022, a net increase of 2.3 billion from December 31, 2021 after taking into account all new business, maturities, sales, and paydowns on existing assets. 
 
 The 1.6 billion net increase in Farm Ranch during 2022 resulted from 6.9 billion of new purchases, commitments, and guarantees, mostly offset by 5.3 billion of scheduled maturities and repayments. Farmer Mac purchased a total of 1.4 billion in loans, which was primarily driven by improved borrower economics albeit navigating a substantially higher interest rate environment. The 1.4 billion in gross Farm Ranch loan purchases was partially offset by 1.1 billion in scheduled maturities and repayments. 
 
 Farmer Mac also purchased a total of 4.2 billion in Farm Ranch AgVantage Securities during 2022, which primarily reflected the refinancing of maturing securities as well as financial counterparties seeking to add longer-term AgVantage securities to manage their asset-liability maturity profile given recent increases in credit spreads and interest rates. The 4.2 billion in gross purchases was partially offset by 3.3 billion in scheduled maturities. Of the AgVantage Securities that were acquired during 2022 and were still outstanding as of December 31, 2022, 470.0 million will mature by June 30, 2023 and an additional 600.0 million will mature by December 31, 2023. 
 
 The 65.7 million net increase in Corporate AgFinance during 2022 resulted from 546.6 million of new purchases and commitments, which was partially offset by 480.9 million of scheduled maturities, repayments, and sales. Farmer Mac purchased a total of 328.9 million in loans, which was partially offset by 276.9 million in scheduled maturities and repayments. The increase in loan purchases was primarily due to Farmer Mac's continued focus to support loans to larger and more complex agribusinesses focused on food and fiber processing and other food supply chain production. 
 
 The 464.4 million net increase in Rural Utilities during 2022 resulted from 1.4 billion of new purchases, commitments, and guarantees, which was partially offset by 927.8 million of scheduled maturities and repayments. Farmer Mac purchased a total of 670.0 million in AgVantage Securities, 231.0 million in telecommunications loans, and 449.5 million in electric distribution and generation and transmission loans. The 680.5 million in loan purchases was partially offset by 181.2 million in scheduled maturities and repayments. The net increase in loan purchases primarily reflected borrowers' normal-course capital expenditures related to maintaining and upgrading utility infrastructure as well as investments in broadband infrastructure, and Farmer Mac's continued focus to support telecommunications investment in rural America. 
 
 The 143.4 million net increase in Renewable Energy during 2022 primarily reflects 182.3 million in loan purchases and unfunded commitments, partially offset by 38.9 million in repayments. 
 
 Farmer Mac's outstanding business volume was 23.6 billion as of December 31, 2021, a net increase of 1.7 billion from December 31, 2020 after taking into account all new business, scheduled maturities, and paydowns on existing assets. 

71 

The 1.2 billion net increase in Farm Ranch was comprised of 5.9 billion of new purchases and guarantees, partially offset by 4.7 billion of scheduled maturities, repayments, and sales. Farmer Mac purchased a total of 2.1 billion in loans, which was primarily driven by farm real estate acquisitions due to improved borrower economics as well as a continued competitive interest rate environment resulting in demand for long-term financing solutions. The 2.1 billion in gross Farm Ranch loan purchases was partially offset by 1.3 billion in scheduled maturities, repayments, and sales, including the sale of 299.4 million of agricultural mortgage loans through Farmer Mac's newly-designed structured securitization executed in the fourth quarter. The securitization resulted in 289.5 million in Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities backed by the sold loans. 
 
 Farmer Mac also purchased a total of 2.2 billion in AgVantage Securities, which primarily reflected the refinancing of maturing securities as well as financial counterparties seeking additional short-term, low-cost securities to manage their asset-liability maturity profile. The 2.2 billion in gross purchases was partially offset by 1.9 billion in scheduled maturities. While the short-term nature of the AgVantage securities added during 2021 may create volatility in AgVantage volumes, Farmer Mac does not anticipate a material impact to its net effective spread given the low-cost nature of these securities due to the short maturity profile. 
 
 Farmer Mac entered into 788.3 million of new LTSPCs, which was offset by 516.1 million of maturities on existing LTSPCs. The new volume in LTSPCs during 2021 was driven primarily by Farm Credit System institutions seeking credit risk management solutions to address increasing commodity and borrower hold limits resulting from strong loan growth in in their regional portfolios. 
 
 The 126.3 million net decrease in Corporate AgFinance was comprised of 880.2 million of new loan and AgVantage security purchases, which was offset by 1.0 billion of scheduled maturities, repayments, and sales. Farmer Mac purchased a total of 314.9 million in AgVantage Securities, which was offset by 691.6 million in scheduled maturities and repayments. This net decrease in AgVantage Securities was primarily due to improved borrower economics that reduced the demand for higher priced institutional financing, counterparties diversifying wholesale funding sources, and competitive funding availability for institutional counterparties. 
 
 Farmer Mac purchased a total of 509.1 million in Corporate AgFinance loans in furtherance of Farmer Mac's strategic initiative to support larger and more complex farming operations, agribusinesses focused on agriculture production, food and fiber processing, and other supply chain production. The 509.1 million in gross purchases was partially offset by 295.4 million in scheduled maturities and repayments. 
 
 The 581.2 million net increase in Rural Utilities was comprised of 1.8 billion of new purchases and guarantees, which was partially offset by 1.2 billion of scheduled maturities and repayments. Farmer Mac purchased a total of 1.5 billion in AgVantage Securities which was partially offset by 982.6 million in scheduled maturities. The net increase in AgVantage Securities of 467.4 million was a result of a key counterparty proactively managing its capital structure as well as Farmer Mac's ability to offer competitively priced financing structures. 
 
 Farmer Mac purchased a total of 313.4 million in Rural Utilities loans, which was fueled by a competitive interest rate environment resulting in demand for long-term financing solutions for planned maintenance, capital expenditures, and refinancing higher cost debt. The 313.4 million in loan purchases was partially offset by 198.4 million in scheduled maturities and repayments. 
 
 72 

The 13.7 million net increase in Renewable Energy was comprised of 43.6 million of new loan purchases, which was partially offset by 29.9 million of repayments. 
 
 The level and composition of Farmer Mac s outstanding business volume is based on the relationship between new business, loan sales, scheduled maturities, and repayments on existing assets from year to year. This relationship in turn depends on a variety of factors both internal and external to Farmer Mac. The external factors include general market forces, competition, and our counterparties liquidity needs, access to alternative funding, desired products, and assessment of strategic factors. The internal factors include our assessment of profitability, mission fulfillment, credit risk, and customer relationships. For more information about potential growth opportunities in Farmer Mac's lines of business, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Outlook" in this report. 
 
 The following table sets forth information about the Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities issued during the periods indicated: 
 
 Table 18 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) AgVantage securities 4,990,483 3,919,907 1,298,751 Structured securitization transactions (not consolidated) 289,519 Loans securitized and held in consolidated trusts with beneficial interests owned by third parties 460,588 113,175 165,054 Total Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities Issuances 5,451,071 4,322,601 1,463,805 
 
 Farmer Mac either retains the loans it purchases or securitizes them and retains or sells Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities backed by those loans. During 2022, Farmer Mac executed its second structured securitization transaction, whereby it sold and securitized agricultural mortgage loans resulting in 297.7 million of Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities. In this transaction, Farmer Mac transferred selected loans to a depositor which then deposited the loans into a trust, at which time the loans became assets of the trust. Farmer Mac concluded that it was the primary beneficiary of the trust because Farmer Mac controls the trust in its role as Master Servicer. Therefore, Farmer Mac consolidates the assets and liabilities of the trust for this structured securitization. Farmer Mac does not consider the assets held by the related securitization trust to be available to satisfy the claims of the creditors of Farmer Mac and/or the depositor. 
 
 During 2022 and 2021, Farmer Mac realized no gains or losses from the securitization of loans that it holds in consolidated trusts. Farmer Mac consolidates these loans and presents them as "Loans held for investment in consolidated trusts, at amortized cost" on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 During 2021, Farmer Mac realized 5.2 million gain after tax from the sale of Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities in its structured securitization transaction. 
 
 During 2022 and 2021, Farmer Mac realized no gains or losses from the issuance of Farmer Mac Guaranteed USDA Securities or AgVantage Securities. 

73 

The following table sets forth information about outstanding volume in each of Farmer Mac's lines of business as of the dates indicated: 
 
 Table 19 Outstanding Business Volume As of December 31, On or Off Balance Sheet 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Agricultural Finance: Farm Ranch: Loans On-balance sheet 5,150,750 4,775,070 3,979,854 Loans held in consolidated trusts: Beneficial interests owned by third-party investors (Pass-Through) 1 
 On-balance sheet 914,918 948,623 1,287,045 Beneficial interests owned by third-party investors (Structured) 1 
 On-balance sheet 296,658 IO-FMGS 2 
 On-balance sheet 10,622 12,297 USDA Securities On-balance sheet 2,407,302 2,445,806 2,487,420 AgVantage Securities 1 
 On-balance sheet 5,605,000 4,725,000 4,425,000 LTSPCs and unfunded commitments Off-balance sheet 2,822,309 2,587,154 2,314,965 Other Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities 3 
 Off-balance sheet 500,953 578,358 378,610 Loans serviced for others Off-balance sheet 20,280 22,331 Total Farm Ranch 17,728,792 16,094,639 14,872,894 Corporate AgFinance: Loans On-balance sheet 1,166,253 1,123,300 909,539 AgVantage Securities 1 
 On-balance sheet 359,600 367,464 744,110 Unfunded commitments Off-balance sheet 77,654 47,070 10,466 Total Corporate AgFinance 1,603,507 1,537,834 1,664,115 Total Agricultural Finance 19,332,299 17,632,473 16,537,009 Rural Infrastructure Finance: Rural Utilities: Loans On-balance sheet 2,801,696 2,302,373 2,187,377 AgVantage Securities 1 
 On-balance sheet 3,044,156 3,033,262 2,565,837 LTSPCs and unfunded commitments Off-balance sheet 512,592 556,837 556,425 Other Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities 3 
 Off-balance sheet 1,169 2,755 4,412 Total Rural Utilities 6,359,613 5,895,227 5,314,051 Renewable Energy: Loans On-balance sheet 219,570 86,763 73,035 Unfunded commitments Off-balance sheet 10,600 Total Renewable Energy 230,170 86,763 73,035 Total Rural Infrastructure Finance 6,589,783 5,981,990 5,387,086 Total 25,922,082 23,614,463 21,924,095 
 1. A Farmer Mac Guaranteed Security. 
 2. An interest-only Farmer Mac Guaranteed Security retained as part of a structured securitization. 
 3. Other categories of Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities that were sold by Farmer Mac to third parties. 
 
 74 

The following table summarizes by maturity date the scheduled principal amortization of loans held, loans underlying off-balance sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities (excluding AgVantage securities) and LTSPCs, USDA Securities, and Farmer Mac Guaranteed USDA Securities as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Table 20 Schedule of Principal Amortization as of December 31, 2022 
 Loans Loans Underlying Off-Balance Sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs USDA Securities and Farmer Mac Guaranteed USDA Securities Total (in thousands) 2023 477,190 288,844 113,008 879,042 2024 458,986 227,400 112,129 798,515 2025 498,676 225,519 116,010 840,205 2026 502,316 255,773 118,922 877,011 2027 610,614 230,267 119,323 960,204 Thereafter 8,002,063 2,486,381 2,037,834 12,526,278 Total 10,549,845 3,714,184 2,617,226 16,881,255 
 
 Of Farmer Mac's 25.9 billion outstanding principal balance of business volume as of December 31, 2022, 9.0 billion were AgVantage securities included in the Agricultural Finance and Rural Infrastructure Finance lines of business. Unlike business volume in the form of purchased loans, USDA Securities, and loans underlying LTSPCs and non-AgVantage Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities, most AgVantage securities do not require periodic payments of principal based on amortization schedules and instead have fixed maturity dates when the secured general obligation is due. The following table summarizes by maturity date the outstanding principal amount of both on- and off-balance sheet AgVantage securities as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Table 21 AgVantage Balances by Year of Maturity As of December 31, 2022 (in thousands) 2023 2,120,447 2024 1,272,770 2025 916,625 2026 975,660 2027 979,698 Thereafter (1) 
 2,744,725 Total 9,009,925 
 (1) Includes various maturities ranging from 2027 to 2044. 
 
 The weighted-average remaining maturity of the outstanding AgVantage securities shown in the table above was 4.9 years as of December 31, 2022. 

75 

Related Party Transactions . As provided by Farmer Mac's statutory charter, only banks, insurance companies, and other financial institutions or similar entities may hold Farmer Mac's Class A voting common stock, and only institutions of the FCS may hold Farmer Mac's Class B voting common stock. Farmer Mac's charter also provides that holders of Class A voting common stock elect five members of Farmer Mac's 15-member board of directors and that holders of Class B voting common stock elect five members of the board of directors. The ownership of Farmer Mac's two classes of voting common stock is currently concentrated in a small number of institutions. Approximately 53 of the Class A voting common stock is held by four financial institutions, with 31 held by one institution. Approximately 97 of the Class B voting common stock is held by five FCS institutions (two of which are related to each other through a parent-subsidiary relationship). 
 
 Unlike some other GSEs, specifically other FCS institutions and the Federal Home Loan Banks, Farmer Mac is not structured as a cooperative owned exclusively by member institutions and established to provide services exclusively to its members. Farmer Mac, as a stockholder-owned, publicly-traded corporation, seeks to fulfill its mission of serving the financing needs of rural America in a way that is consistent with providing a return on the investment of its stockholders, including those who do not directly participate in the secondary market provided by Farmer Mac. Farmer Mac's generally requires most financial institutions that participate in Farmer Mac's Agricultural Finance line of business to own a requisite amount of common stock, based on the size and type of institution. As a result of this requirement, coupled with the ability of holders of Class A and Class B voting common stock to elect two-thirds of Farmer Mac's board of directors, Farmer Mac regularly conducts business with "related parties," including institutions affiliated with members of Farmer Mac's board of directors and institutions that own large amounts of Farmer Mac's voting common stock. Farmer Mac has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and other related corporate policies that govern any conflicts of interest that may arise in these transactions, and Farmer Mac's policy is to require that any transactions with related parties be conducted in the ordinary course of business, with terms and conditions comparable to those available to any other counterparty not related to Farmer Mac. 
 
 The following table summarizes the material relationships between Farmer Mac and certain related parties. The related parties listed in the table below consist of (1) all holders of at least five percent of a class of Farmer Mac voting common stock as of December 31, 2022 and (2) other institutions that are considered "related parties" through an affiliation with a Farmer Mac director and that have conducted business with Farmer Mac during the two years ended December 31, 2022. The table below does not specify any relationships based on the ownership of Farmer Mac's non-voting common stock or any series of preferred stock. 
 
 Table 22 
 Name of Institution Ownership of Farmer Mac Voting Common Stock Affiliation with Any Farmer Mac Directors Primary Aspects of Institution's Business Relationship with Farmer Mac AgFirst Farm Credit Bank 84,024 shares of Class B voting common stock (16.79 of outstanding Class B stock and 5.49 of total voting common stock outstanding) None In both 2022 and 2021, Farmer Mac earned approximately 1.2 million in fees attributable to transactions with AgFirst, primarily commitment fees for LTSPCs. 
 
 76 

Name of Institution Ownership of Farmer Mac Voting Common Stock Affiliation with Any Farmer Mac Directors Primary Aspects of Institution's Business Relationship with Farmer Mac AgriBank, FCB 201,621 shares of Class B voting common stock (40.30 of outstanding Class B stock and 13.17 of total voting common stock outstanding) Farmer Mac director Richard H. Davidson served as director of AgriBank until March 2021 and former Farmer Mac director (through May 2021) Daniel L. Shaw served as director of AgriBank until March 2022. Farmer Mac did not conduct any business with AgriBank during 2022 or 2021. Bath State Bank Less than 5 ownership Farmer Mac director Dennis L. Brack serves as a director of Bath State Bank and Bath State Bancorp, the holding company of Bath State Bank. Farmer Mac purchased none and 2.3 million in USDA Securities from Bath State Bank in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, Farmer Mac purchased 2.1 million and 5.0 million in Agricultural Finance mortgage loans from Bath State Bank in 2022 and 2021, respectively. CoBank, ACB 163,253 shares of Class B voting common stock (32.63 of outstanding Class B stock and 10.66 of total voting common stock outstanding) Farmer Mac director Everett M. Dobrinski served as a director of CoBank through December 2019. Although no longer a director of CoBank, Mr. Dobrinski currently serves on CoBank's independent nominating committee that screens and interviews director candidates and recommends a slate of candidates for consideration by CoBank's membership. Farmer Mac purchased 376.0 million and 207.5 million in participation interests in loans from CoBank in 2022 and 2021, respectively. This represented 45.4 and 60.2 of loan purchases under the Rural Infrastructure Finance line of business for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Farmer Mac entered into 46.3 million and 72.0 million in unfunded commitments from CoBank in 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2022 and 2021, CoBank retained 3.5 million and 3.2 million of servicing fees related to the loan participations sold to Farmer Mac, respectively. Farm Credit Bank of Texas (FCBT) 38,503 shares of Class B voting common stock (7.70 of outstanding Class B stock and 2.51 of total voting common stock outstanding) None In 2022 and 2021, Farmer Mac earned approximately 2.9 million and 1.9 million, respectively, in fees attributable to transactions with FCBT, primarily commitment fees for LTSPCs. In both 2022 and 2021, FCBT retained approximately 0.1 million in servicing fees for its work as a Farmer Mac servicer. Matthew 25 Management Corp. 80,254 shares of Class A voting common stock (7.79 of outstanding Class A stock and 5.24 of total voting common stock outstanding) None Farmer Mac did not conduct any business with Matthew 25 Management Corp. during 2022 or 2021. 
 
 77 

Name of Institution Ownership of Farmer Mac Voting Common Stock Affiliation with Any Farmer Mac Directors Primary Aspects of Institution's Business Relationship with Farmer Mac National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation (CFC) 
 81,500 shares of Class A voting common stock (7.91 of outstanding Class A stock and 5.32 of total voting common stock outstanding) Farmer Mac director Todd P. Ware served as a director of CFC from June 2015 through June 2021. Transactions with CFC represented 46.7 and 36.9 of loan purchases under the Rural Infrastructure Finance line of business during 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2022 and 2021, Farmer Mac earned commitment fees of approximately 1.1 million and 1.2 million, respectively, attributable to transactions with CFC. In 2022 and 2021, Farmer Mac earned interest income of 79.4 million and 50.0 million, respectively, attributable to AgVantage transactions with CFC. In 2022 and 2021, CFC retained approximately 3.4 million and 3.3 million in servicing fees for its work as a Farmer Mac servicer, respectively. The Vanguard Group, Inc. 
 58,649 shares of Class A voting common stock (5.69 of outstanding Class A stock and 3.83 of total voting common stock outstanding) None Farmer Mac did not conduct any business with The Vanguard Group during 2022 or 2021. Zions Bancorporation, National Association (Zions) 
 322,100 shares of Class A voting common stock (31.25 of outstanding Class A stock and 21.04 of total voting common stock outstanding) None In 2022 and 2021, Farmer Mac's purchases of on-balance sheet Agricultural Finance mortgage loans from Zions represented approximately 12.9 and 8.0 , respectively, of Agricultural Finance mortgage loan purchase volume for those years. Those purchases represented 9.6 and 5.6 , respectively, of total Agricultural Finance mortgage loan business volume (excluding AgVantage and USDA Securities) for those years. The purchases of USDA Securities from Zions represented approximately 1.5 and 2.1 , respectively, of the USDA Guarantees purchases for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Transactions with Zions represented 3.5 and 3.4 , respectively, of Farmer Mac's total outstanding business volume as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 In 2022 and 2021, Zions retained approximately 10.4 million and 11.0 million, respectively, in servicing fees for its work as a Farmer Mac servicer. 
 
 As discussed in more detail in Note 2(o) to the consolidated financial statements, Farmer Mac s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of variable interest entities ("VIEs") in which Farmer Mac determines itself to be the primary beneficiary, including securitization trusts where Farmer Mac shares the power to make decisions about default mitigation with a related party. If that related party status changes, consolidation or deconsolidation of securitization trusts may occur. For more information about related party transactions, see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. 

78 

Outlook 
 
 Farmer Mac continues to provide a stable source of liquidity, capital, and risk management tools as a secondary market that helps meet the financing needs of rural America. The pace and trajectory of Farmer Mac's growth will depend on the capital and liquidity needs of the lending institutions serving agriculture and rural infrastructure businesses and the overall financial health of borrowers in the sectors we serve. Farmer Mac foresees opportunities for profitable growth across our lines of business driven by several key factors: 
 
 As agricultural and rural infrastructure lenders seek to manage equity capital and return on equity capital requirements or reduce exposure due to lending or concentration limits, Farmer Mac can provide relief for those institutions through loan and portfolio purchases, participations, guarantees, LTSPCs, wholesale funding, or securitizations. 
 
 As a result of business and product development efforts and continued interest in the agricultural asset class from institutional investors and nontraditional agricultural real estate lenders, Farmer Mac's customer base and product set continue to expand and diversify, which may generate more demand for Farmer Mac's products from new sources. 
 
 Farmer Mac's growing relationships with larger regional and national lenders, as well as consolidation within the agricultural lending industry, continue to provide opportunities that could influence Farmer Mac's loan demand and increase the average transaction size within Farmer Mac's lines of business. 
 
 Future growth opportunities in Farmer Mac's Rural Infrastructure Finance line of business may evolve by deepening business relationships with eligible counterparties, financing broadband-related capital expenditures and rural telecommunications facilities, growing opportunities for renewable energy project finance, and exploring new types of loan products. These opportunities may be limited by sector growth, credit quality, and the competitiveness of Farmer Mac's products. 
 
 Expansion and acquisition opportunities for agricultural producers resulting from high agricultural incomes and rising costs have increased financing requirements for mergers and acquisitions, consolidation, and vertical integration across many sectors of the agricultural industry, which may also generate demand for Farmer Mac's loan products. 
 
 Investments necessary to support consumer demand could increase the need for financing within the food and agriculture supply chain, which may increase the need for incremental capital support from the secondary market. 
 
 Market interest rates have increased significantly since the lows experienced in 2021, and interest rates on Farmer Mac products at the end of 2022 were higher than Farmer Mac's 15-year historical averages. New loan origination and sales volumes tend to correlate inversely with changes in interest rates. However, prepayment rates also generally correlate inversely with changes in interest rates, with higher interest rates typically slowing the pace of portfolio loan repayments. Future changes to monetary policy and the overall level and pace of the increase in interest rates could continue to impact the pace and timing of Agricultural Finance mortgage loan purchase demand and repayments. 

79 

The war in Ukraine continues to affect volatility for commodity prices and agricultural production costs for farmers and ranchers, who were already challenged by an inflationary environment. While agricultural commodity prices have thus far outpaced the significant increase in input costs, the impact on global commodity markets from the Ukraine conflict creates further uncertainty for farmers and ranchers in terms of global production, prices, and costs heading into 2023. Heightened market volatility is likely to persist until there is more certainty around the outcome of the war in Ukraine. 
 
 In addition to continued uncertainty from supply-side disruptions, market interest rates increased rapidly during 2022, driven by the Federal Reserve s accelerated efforts to achieve monetary policy normalization and decelerate inflation. A higher interest rate environment could slow the pace of farm mortgage refinancing. While lower refinances could result in lower levels of new loan purchases in Farm Ranch and USDA Guarantees products, it could also result in lower portfolio prepayment speeds, as was Farmer Mac s experience between 2014 and 2018. Loan prepayment speeds in 2022 fell to pre-pandemic levels, and they are likely to correlate inversely with interest rates. Farmer Mac offers a range of interest rates, tenors, and rate resetting options for loan products, allowing flexibility for originators and borrowers in all interest rate environments. 
 
 The U.S. economy exhibited signs of slowing in fourth quarter 2022 after a rapid expansion in 2021. Higher consumer price inflation in 2022, particularly for food and energy, combined with a rising interest rate environment, has dampened economists outlooks for the U.S. economy in 2023. And while labor markets remain resilient, slower consumer spending and declines in residential housing investment indicate that the probability of a U.S. or global recession is increasing. Farmer Mac believes that its portfolio is sufficiently balanced to withstand the market volatility that arises with an economic recession, as the agricultural, food, and infrastructure industries tend not to be directly correlated with the general economy. Farmer Mac believes these sectors are generally well positioned to withstand an economic downturn due to ample consumer demand and government support. 
 
 Operating Expense . Farmer Mac continues to expand its investments in human capital, technology, and business infrastructure to increase capacity and efficiency as it seeks to accommodate its growth opportunities and achieve its long-term strategic objectives. Farmer Mac expects continued increases in its operating expenses over the next several years. We will continue making investments in our infrastructure and funding platforms to support these strategies and scale with our growth. 
 
 During 2021, we closed on a strategic acquisition that enhanced our operations by expanding our internal loan servicing function and acquiring the loan servicing rights for a sizeable portion of our Farm Ranch loan and USDA Securities portfolios. This acquisition provides opportunities to increase our interest income on our Farm Ranch loans and USDA Securities that we service because there will not be any third-party central servicer retaining a central servicer fee on those assets. That increased interest income is expected to be partially offset by the increase in our operating expenses relating to our enhanced internal loan servicing operations. In the short term, we do not expect the effect on core earnings to be significant. In the medium to long term, the effect will depend on the size of our portfolio that we service and the long-run costs of our servicing operations. 
 
 Agricultural Industry . The agricultural economy experienced largely favorable conditions in fourth quarter 2022, with stable commodity prices and easing input price inflation. In response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine in early 2022, grain commodity prices rose rapidly during first half of 2022 and continued to be elevated during much of the second half of 2022. Higher commodity prices for grains and many animal proteins are likely to substantially increase gross cash receipts for the 2022 marketing year. Farm expense 
 
 80 

price levels eased in fourth quarter 2022, driven by moderating feed, energy, and fertilizer prices. However, several farm expense categories such as interest, labor, and other inputs remain elevated and could experience additional upward pressure in 2023. Major commodity prices could remain elevated in 2023 as a result of the global supply shortages in food and energy, as well as a weakening U.S. dollar. Any such price stability would help support farm incomes in 2023. 
 
 Overall farm income reached new highs in 2022 following a very profitable year in 2021. Net cash farm income increased by more than 28 in 2021 to 149.5 billion. The USDA estimates that net cash farm income climbed another 27 to 189.9 billion in 2022, a new all-time high. For both years, the primary driver of increased profitability was higher cash revenues and not government support payments like in 2019 and 2020. The USDA estimates production expenses rose by 19 in 2022, a level experienced in the 1970s and again in the 2012-2014 agricultural economy expansion. Looking forward, the USDA expects net cash farm income to fall by 21 to 150.6 billion in 2023 due to moderating commodity prices and rising farm expenses. However, the 2023 farm income projections are 20 higher than the 10-year average, demonstrating the continued strength in the farm economy. 
 
 The increase in farm profitability combined with low interest rates in 2020 and 2021 drove a rapid rise in land values and a decrease in farm delinquencies and bankruptcies. Land value survey data from the USDA show a 12.4 increase in average farm real estate values from June 2021 to June 2022. Annual farm real estate value gains were highest in the Northern Plains (19.8 and the Corn Belt (14.9 but also strong in the Lake states (13.7 ), the Southern Plains (11.3 ), and the Pacific (9.7 ). The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago AgLetter reported a 20 gain in farmland values in the Seventh District (primarily Iowa, Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin) between October 2021 and October 2022. Data from the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City show a similar rise in land values in the Tenth District (primarily Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, and Oklahoma) during that same period. Historically, rising farm real estate values have correlated with an increase in real estate secured debt. While regional averages for farmland values provide a good barometer for the overall movement in U.S. farmland values, economic forces affecting land markets are highly localized, and some markets may experience greater volatility in farmland values than state or national averages indicate. 
 
 Economic conditions are likely to bring mixed effects to credit demand heading into 2023. Strong asset appreciation and rising interest rates could signal a credit cycle expansion as financial decision-makers look to lock in long-term economics for their appreciating farm and agribusiness assets. Farm profitability generally increases asset values and demand for the asset class, which also contributes to increasing credit demand. An elevated interest rate environment could have mixed effects on mortgage portfolios, potentially lowering new sales and originations but also potentially slowing portfolio prepayments. Finally, a changing yield curve coupled with widening market credit spreads could increase opportunities for corporate and institutional lending, as Farmer Mac's programs become more attractive at higher costs of capital. Combined, these factors are expected to be generally supportive of continued net portfolio growth for Farmer Mac into 2023. 
 
 Positive economic conditions in the agricultural economy improved Farmer Mac's agricultural portfolio performance in 2022, and they could continue to positively influence loan delinquencies and losses in 2023. Farmer Mac's 90-day delinquency levels decreased slightly in fourth quarter 2022 relative to third quarter 2022. The overall delinquency rate decreased from 0.42 of the Agricultural Finance line of business as of September 30, 2022 to 0.41 of the Agricultural Finance line of business as of December 31, 2022, and the fourth quarter 2022 percentage is lower than the 0.48 delinquency rate as of December 31, 2021. The percentage of the portfolio rated substandard also continued to improve in fourth quarter 
 
 81 

2022 to the lowest levels since 2016. However, rising input costs, market volatility, and the potential for continued economic and weather-related stress increase the level of uncertainty inherent in the agricultural credit sector, which could negatively affect the trajectory of the current agricultural cycle. Farmer Mac believes that its portfolio continues to be highly diversified, both geographically and by commodity and that its portfolio has been underwritten to high credit quality standards. Therefore, Farmer Mac believes that its portfolio is well-positioned to endure reasonably foreseeable volatility from cyclical and external factors. For more information about the loan balances, loan-to-value ratios, 90-day delinquencies, and substandard asset rate for the Agricultural Finance mortgage loans in Farmer Mac's portfolio as of December 31, 2022, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Credit Risk Loans and Guarantees." 
 
 Exogenous factors facing farm and food producers can create uncertainty and market instability within the sector. External market conditions that could adversely impact the farm and food sectors in 2023 include the relative value of the U.S. dollar, supply chain disruptions, foreign trade and trade policy, and environmental conditions. The U.S. agricultural sector has become increasingly dependent on foreign markets as a source of demand, making trade policy increasingly important to farms and food. The USDA's estimate for fiscal year 2022 is a sizable increase in export value over 2021, and through November 2022, agricultural export values were up nearly 12 in 2022 compared to 2021. The value of the U.S. dollar relative to other major currencies fell 8 in fourth quarter 2022, which may have helped support major commodities to end the year. Continued disruptions to global grain supplies in Ukraine and Russia could maintain elevated demand for U.S. agricultural product demand. Slower global growth could be a headwind for consumer-oriented products like animal proteins, dairy, fruits, and nuts, and Ukrainian corn and wheat production may eventually stabilize. Because Farmer Mac has significant exposure to crop commodities like corn, soybeans, hay, wheat, and cotton, a sustained rally in agricultural commodities is likely to continue to benefit Farmer Mac's overall portfolio credit quality more than degradation from downward pressure on livestock and consumer product profitability. 
 
 Severe weather conditions and long-term environmental change continue to shape agricultural sectors. The U.S. experienced 18 separate billion-dollar weather disasters in 2022, as tracked by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Many of those events affected agriculture, including midwestern storms, western wildfires, and drought. Federal crop insurance provides a strong mitigator against this risk, but farmers and ranchers face increasingly-severe weather incidents. Long and persistent drought conditions affected agricultural production regions in the western and midwestern parts of the United States in 2021 and 2022, but there has been a sizable improvement in conditions in fourth quarter 2022 and early 2023, particularly in California. Roughly 7 of the continental U.S. remained in exceptional or extreme drought as of January 31, 2023, according to data from the National Drought Mitigation Center. While this represents the lowest level of widespread drought since 2020, the current drought cycle is the longest in nearly 20 years. Extended periods of drought and dryness can reduce agricultural productivity, cause lasting damage to permanent crops like fruit and tree nuts, and result in producers leaving some fields fallow due to lack of water. States also regulate water use, and state laws like California's Sustainable Groundwater Management Act (SGMA) will continue to shape state-led efforts to manage water infrastructure and use and could potentially impact producers. Agricultural production in California, Oregon, Washington, Arizona, and Utah is likely to experience the greatest impact from the 2021 and 2022 droughts. For loans in areas that commonly experience exceptional drought (primarily in California), Farmer Mac's underwriting process includes an assessment of anticipated long-term water availability for the related property and how that impacts the collateral value and borrower's cash flow position to mitigate that risk. 

82 

Rural Infrastructure Industry . Economic conditions affecting the rural infrastructure industry typically follow those in the general economy. According to data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration, sales and the revenue from the sale of electricity to customers increased by 2.0 and 14.3 , respectively, in the last 12 months through November 2022 compared to November 2021. This increase was driven by a sharp increase in sales to the commercial, industrial, and transportation sectors and an increase in the retail price of electricity. Higher energy input prices such as natural gas and coal became a headwind in 2022. Natural gas prices rose consistently in 2021 and 2022 because of reduced supply and additional demand for U.S. liquified natural gas from European countries. Coal prices also rapidly increased in third quarter 2022, driven by higher natural gas prices and additional overseas demand to offset limited Russian coal exports. Despite higher input costs, power producers are generally able to pass cost increases through higher retail electricity prices, which has contributed to the increase in electricity costs impacting retail customers during third quarter 2022. Oil and natural gas prices were volatile during third quarter 2022 but moderated in fourth quarter 2022 and early 2023. Through December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac had not observed material degradation in the financial performance of its rural infrastructure portfolio, and that portfolio has never experienced a serious delinquency or default since inception. 
 
 Prospects for loan growth within the rural infrastructure industry overall appear to be moderate in the near term, as ongoing normal-course capital expenditures related to maintaining and upgrading utility infrastructure continue at typical levels. Farmer Mac's future growth opportunities for financing the electric cooperative industry may be affected by the demand for electric power in rural areas, capital expenditures by electric cooperatives driven by regulatory or technological changes, the changing interest rate environment, increased policy initiatives to support rural connectivity, and competitive dynamics within the rural utilities cooperative finance industry. Cooperatives and service providers have access to numerous federally funded programs, such as the Federal Communications Commission's Rural Digital Opportunity Fund (RDOF), the USDA s ReConnect, and the USDA s Telecommunications Infrastructure Loan and Loan Guarantee program. In addition to capital projects spurred by these programs, Farmer Mac could see an increase in financing opportunities for other telecommunications providers in rural areas, with wireless broadband increasingly important to economic opportunity and precision agriculture. 
 
 The growth in renewable energy generation and deployment of energy storage technologies may help deepen Farmer Mac's relationships with existing customers through new business opportunities. According to data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration, renewable electricity capacity is expected to grow by 48 in the next five years, compared to total electric capacity growth of 10 . The rising cost of fossil fuel-based inputs combined with the falling costs of renewable power generation may hasten this increase in capacity along with recently enacted legislature, such as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 that incentivizes domestic production in clean energy technologies such as solar and wind. Any such growth in renewable energy capacity may broaden Farmer Mac's customer base with cooperative lenders focused on lending to renewable energy customers. In response to this expected growth, Farmer Mac has deployed new financing products tailored to the renewable energy sector, which represents a new market opportunity for Farmer Mac. Under this initiative, Farmer Mac's total outstanding loans and loan commitments of renewable energy financing transactions was 230.2 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Legislative and Regulatory Outlook . Farmer Mac continues to monitor potential legislative and regulatory changes that could affect Farmer Mac or its stakeholders, including: 
 
 The current farm bill expires on September 30, 2023. Covering a variety of programs impacting farm profitability, agricultural credit, and rural infrastructure it is a critical piece of legislation for rural America and the agricultural sector. Congress has started an extensive process to review 
 
 83 

programs included in the farm bill in preparation for reauthorization. Farmer Mac is seeking enhancement to its charter during the farm bill reauthorization to enhance its partnerships and services in support of farmers, ranchers, agribusinesses, and rural infrastructure. Farmer Mac will continue to monitor this legislation for any impact it may have on Farmer Mac and its stakeholders. 
 
 On January 13, 2023, the FCA board approved an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking to review Farmer Mac's capital framework. The notice seeks public comment on Farmer Mac's capital requirements in the context of its business activities. The comment period closes March 27, 2023. 
 
 On September 29, 2022, the U.S. Senate confirmed Vincent Logan to be a member of the FCA board. Mr. Logan was subsequently appointed to be the Chairman and CEO of the FCA by President Biden on October 21, 2022. The remaining two members of the board are currently serving in holdover status because their terms have expired. They will continue to serve in their roles until replacements are nominated by the President and confirmed by the U.S. Senate. Farmer Mac will continue to monitor changes to the composition of the FCA board, as it may affect Farmer Mac's regulatory environment. 

Balance Sheet Review 
 
 The following table summarizes Farmer Mac's balance sheet as of the periods indicated: 
 
 Table 23 As of Change December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Assets Cash and cash equivalents 861,002 908,785 (47,783) (5) Investment securities 4,628,268 3,882,590 745,678 19 Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities 8,628,380 8,361,798 266,582 3 USDA Securities 2,411,601 2,440,732 (29,131) (1) Loans, net of allowance 8,997,191 8,300,619 696,572 8 Loans held in trusts 1,211,116 948,059 263,057 28 Other 595,552 278,426 317,126 114 Total assets 27,333,110 27,333,110 25,121,009 2,212,101 9 Liabilities Notes Payable 24,469,113 22,713,771 1,755,342 8 Debt securities of consolidated trusts held by third parties 1,181,948 981,379 200,569 20 Other 410,091 212,159 197,932 93 Total liabilities 26,061,152 23,907,309 2,153,843 9 Total equity 1,271,958 1,213,700 58,258 5 Total liabilities and equity 27,333,110 25,121,009 2,212,101 9 
 
 Assets . The increase in total assets was primarily attributable to new loan volume and a larger investment portfolio. 

84 

Liabilities . The increase in total liabilities was primarily due to an increase in total notes payable to fund the acquisition of loan volume. 
 
 Equity . The increase in total equity was primarily due to an increase in retained earnings, partially offset by a decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income. 

Risk Management 

Credit Risk Loans and Guarantees . 
 Agricultural Finance - Direct Credit Exposure 
 
 Farmer Mac's direct credit exposure to Agricultural Finance mortgage loans as of December 31, 2022 was 10.7 billion across 48 states. Farmer Mac applies credit underwriting standards and methodologies to help assess exposures to loan purchases, which may include collateral valuation, financial metrics, and other appropriate borrower financial and credit information. For Corporate AgFinance loans, which are often larger loan exposures to agriculture production and agribusinesses that support agriculture production, food and fiber processing, and other supply chain production, and which may have risk profiles that differ from smaller agricultural mortgage loans, Farmer Mac has implemented methodologies and parameters that help assess credit risk based on the appropriate sector, borrower construct, and transaction complexity. For more information about Farmer Mac's underwriting and collateral valuation standards for Agricultural Finance mortgage loans, see "Business Farmer Mac's Lines of Business Agricultural Finance Underwriting and Collateral Standards Farm Ranch" and "Business Farmer Mac's Lines of Business Agricultural Finance Underwriting and Collateral Standards Corporate AgFinance." 
 
 Farmer Mac's 90-day delinquency measure includes loans 90 days or more past due, as well as loans in foreclosure and non-performing loans where the borrower is in bankruptcy. For Agricultural Finance mortgage loans to which Farmer Mac has direct credit exposure, Farmer Mac's 90-day delinquencies as of December 31, 2022, were 43.5 million (0.41 of the Agricultural Finance mortgage loan portfolio to which Farmer Mac has direct credit exposure), compared to 47.3 million (0.48 of the Agricultural Finance mortgage loan portfolio) as of December 31, 2021. Those 90-day delinquencies were comprised of 37 delinquent loans as of December 31, 2022, compared to 32 delinquent loans as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in 90-day delinquencies was primarily driven by decreased delinquencies in crops and livestock and was partially offset by increased delinquencies in permanent plantings and part-time farms. The top ten borrower exposures over 90 days delinquent represented over half of the 90-day delinquencies as of December 31, 2022. Farmer Mac believes that it remains adequately collateralized on its delinquent loans. 
 
 Farmer Mac's 90-day delinquency rate as of December 31, 2022 was below Farmer Mac's historical average. In the near-term, our delinquency rate may exceed our historical average due to the impact of adverse weather events and/or supply chain disruptions on the agricultural economy. Farmer Mac's average 90-day delinquency rate as a percentage of its Agricultural Finance mortgage loan portfolio over the last 15 years is approximately 1 . The highest 90-day delinquency rate observed during that period occurred in 2009 at approximately 2 , which coincided with increased delinquencies in loans within Farmer Mac's ethanol loan portfolio. 

85 

The following table presents historical information about Farmer Mac's 90-day delinquencies in the Agricultural Finance mortgage loan portfolio compared to the unpaid principal balance of all Agricultural Finance mortgage loans to which Farmer Mac has direct credit exposure: 
 
 Table 24 Agricultural Finance Mortgage Loans 90-Day Delinquencies Percentage (dollars in thousands) As of: December 31, 2022 10,719,571 43,498 0.41 September 30, 2022 10,508,549 44,232 0.42 June 30, 2022 10,128,083 20,623 0.20 March 31, 2022 9,879,978 55,847 0.57 December 31, 2021 9,811,749 47,307 0.48 September 30, 2021 9,445,359 54,792 0.58 June 30, 2021 9,056,152 63,076 0.70 March 31, 2021 8,629,352 72,346 0.84 December 31, 2020 8,581,181 46,232 0.54 
 
 Across all of Farmer Mac's lines of business, 90-day delinquencies represented 0.17 of total outstanding business volume as of December 31, 2022, compared to 0.20 as of December 31, 2021 and 0.21 as of December 31, 2020. 
 
 The following table presents outstanding Agricultural Finance mortgage loans and 90-day delinquencies as of December 31, 2022 by year of origination, geographic region, commodity/collateral type, original loan-to-value ratio, and range in the size of borrower exposure: 

86 

Table 25 Agricultural Finance Mortgage Loans 90-Day Delinquencies as of December 31, 2022 
 Distribution of Agricultural Loans Agricultural Loans 90-Day Delinquencies (1) 
 Percentage (dollars in thousands) By year of origination: 2012 and prior 6 617,085 2,272 0.37 2013 2 267,394 117 0.04 2014 2 225,497 2015 3 359,547 10,349 2.88 2016 5 556,574 636 0.11 2017 5 552,495 3,133 0.57 2018 6 625,131 8,606 1.38 2019 8 860,319 2020 20 2,118,173 8,834 0.42 2021 26 2,757,351 4,319 0.16 2022 17 1,780,005 5,232 0.16 Total 100 10,719,571 43,498 0.41 By geographic region (2) : 
 Northwest 13 1,382,143 2,297 0.17 Southwest 31 3,306,849 18,109 0.55 Mid-North 26 2,812,751 8,646 0.31 Mid-South 17 1,870,319 9,815 0.52 Northeast 4 427,531 1,412 0.33 Southeast 9 919,978 3,219 0.35 Total 100 10,719,571 43,498 0.41 By commodity/collateral type: Crops 50 5,385,259 17,220 0.32 Permanent plantings 22 2,389,661 4,180 0.17 Livestock 18 1,967,954 3,712 0.19 Part-time farm 5 483,550 2,823 0.58 Ag. Storage and Processing 5 475,485 15,563 3.27 Other 17,662 Total 100 10,719,571 43,498 0.41 By original loan-to-value ratio: 0.00 to 40.00 19 2,021,834 18,597 0.92 40.01 to 50.00 23 2,473,289 6,715 0.27 50.01 to 60.00 36 3,800,377 15,611 0.41 60.01 to 70.00 20 2,145,937 2,124 0.10 70.01 to 80.00 (3) 
 2 250,980 451 0.18 80.01 to 90.00 (3) 
 27,154 Total 100 10,719,571 43,498 0.41 By size of borrower exposure (4) : 
 Less than 1,000,000 26 2,794,986 8,755 0.31 1,000,000 to 4,999,999 37 3,955,557 19,258 0.49 5,000,000 to 9,999,999 16 1,674,698 5,900 0.35 10,000,000 to 24,999,999 13 1,385,886 9,585 0.69 25,000,000 and greater 8 908,444 Total 100 10,719,571 43,498 0.41 
 (1) Includes loans held and loans underlying off-balance sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs that are 90 days or more past due, in foreclosure, or in bankruptcy with at least one missed payment, excluding loans performing under either their original loan terms or a court-approved bankruptcy plan. 
 (2) Geographic regions: Northwest (AK, ID, MT, OR, WA, WY); Southwest (AZ, CA, CO, HI, NM, NV, UT); Mid-North (IA, IL, IN, MI, MN, NE, ND, SD, WI); Mid-South (AR, KS, LA, MO, OK, TX); Northeast (CT, DE, KY, MA, MD, ME, NH, NJ, NY, OH, PA, RI, VA, VT, WV); Southeast (AL, FL, GA, MS, NC, SC, TN). 
 (3) Primarily part-time farm loans. Loans with an original loan-to-value ratio of greater than 80 are required to have private mortgage insurance. 
 (4) Includes aggregated loans to single borrowers or borrower-related entities. 

87 

Another indicator that Farmer Mac considers in analyzing the credit quality of its Agricultural Finance mortgage loans is the level of internally-rated "substandard" assets, both in dollars and as a percentage of the outstanding portfolio. Assets categorized as "substandard" have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses, and there is a distinct possibility that some loss will be sustained if deficiencies are not corrected. As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac's Agricultural Finance mortgage loans (to which it has direct credit exposure) comprising substandard assets were 209.4 million (2.0 of the portfolio), compared to 246.7 million (2.5 of the portfolio) as of December 31, 2021. Those substandard assets comprised 243 loans as of December 31, 2022 and 274 loans as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 The decrease of 37.3 million in substandard assets during 2022 was driven by credit upgrades in both our on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet portfolios. Substandard assets decreased as a percentage of both portfolios due to a combination of credit upgrades and volume growth. 
 
 The percentage of substandard assets within the portfolio as of December 31, 2022 was below the historical average. Farmer Mac's average substandard assets as a percentage of its Agricultural Finance mortgage loans over the last 15 years is approximately 4 . The highest substandard asset rate observed during the last 15 years occurred in 2010 at approximately 8 , which coincided with an increase in substandard loans within Farmer Mac's ethanol portfolio. If Farmer Mac's substandard asset rate increases from current levels, it is likely that Farmer Mac's provision to the allowance for loan losses and the reserve for losses will also increase. 
 
 Although some credit losses are inherent to the business of agricultural lending, Farmer Mac believes that losses associated with the current agricultural credit cycle will be moderated by the strength and diversity of its portfolio, which Farmer Mac believes is adequately collateralized. 
 
 Farmer Mac considers a loan's original loan-to-value ratio as one of many factors in evaluating loss severity. Loan-to-value ratios depend on the market value of a property, as determined in accordance with Farmer Mac's collateral valuation standards. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the average unpaid principal balances for Agricultural Finance mortgage loans outstanding and to which Farmer Mac has direct credit exposure was 806,000 and 790,000, respectively. Farmer Mac calculates the "original loan-to-value" ratio of a loan by dividing the original loan principal balance by the original appraised property value. This calculation does not reflect any amortization of the original loan balance or any adjustment to the original appraised value to provide a current market value. The original loan-to-value ratio of any cross-collateralized loans is calculated on a combined basis rather than on a loan-by-loan basis. The weighted-average original loan-to-value ratio for Agricultural Finance mortgage loans purchased during 2022 was 43 , compared to 49 for loans purchased during 2021. The weighted-average original loan-to-value ratio for Agricultural Finance mortgage loans and loans underlying off-balance sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs was 51 and 52 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted-average original loan-to-value ratio for all 90-day delinquencies was 46 and 51 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The weighted-average current loan-to-value ratio (the loan to-value ratio based on original appraised value and current outstanding loan amount adjusted to reflect amortization) for Agricultural Finance mortgage loans and loans underlying off-balance sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs was 46 and 47 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

88 

The following table presents the current loan-to-value ratios for the Agricultural Finance mortgage loans to which Farmer Mac has direct credit exposure, as disaggregated by internally assigned risk ratings: 
 
 Table 26 Agricultural Finance Mortgage Loans current loan-to-value ratio by internally assigned risk rating as of December 31, 2022 
 Acceptable Special Mention Substandard Total (in thousands) Current loan-to-value ratio (1) : 
 0.00 to 40.00 3,036,770 59,865 72,356 3,168,991 40.01 to 50.00 2,679,917 94,381 53,220 2,827,518 50.01 to 60.00 2,942,745 80,982 42,382 3,066,109 60.01 to 70.00 1,371,349 43,140 22,702 1,437,191 70.01 to 80.00 155,527 16,208 14,766 186,501 80.01 and greater 29,024 263 3,974 33,261 Total 10,215,332 294,839 209,400 10,719,571 
 (1) The current loan-to-value ratio is based on original appraised value (or most recently obtained valuation, if available) and current outstanding loan amount adjusted to reflect loan amortization. 

89 

The following table presents Farmer Mac's cumulative net credit losses relative to the cumulative original balance for all Agricultural Finance mortgage loans as of December 31, 2022 by year of origination, geographic region, and commodity/collateral type. The purpose of this table is to present information about realized losses relative to original Farm Ranch purchases, guarantees, and commitments. 
 
 Table 27 Agricultural Finance Mortgage Loans Credit Losses Relative to Cumulative Original Loans, Guarantees, and LTSPCs as of December 31, 2022 
 Cumulative Original Loans, Guarantees and LTSPCs Cumulative Net Credit Losses/(Recoveries) Cumulative Loss Rate (dollars in thousands) By year of origination: 2012 and prior 17,260,722 33,785 0.20 2013 1,478,735 2014 1,085,667 2015 1,245,487 (516) (0.04) 2016 1,587,592 903 0.06 2017 1,682,147 4,311 0.26 2018 1,390,137 2019 1,588,911 2020 2,893,635 2021 3,278,075 2022 1,915,097 Total 35,406,205 38,483 0.11 By geographic region (1) : 
 Northwest 4,571,621 12,094 0.26 Southwest 11,927,424 8,542 0.07 Mid-North 8,815,061 17,165 0.19 Mid-South 5,063,574 (613) (0.01) Northeast 1,830,153 323 0.02 Southeast 3,198,372 972 0.03 Total 35,406,205 38,483 0.11 By commodity/collateral type: Crops 16,422,355 3,790 0.02 Permanent plantings 7,707,066 9,783 0.13 Livestock 7,784,896 3,836 0.05 Part-time farm 1,896,547 1,090 0.06 Ag. Storage and Processing 1,426,801 19,984 1.40 Other 168,540 Total 35,406,205 38,483 0.11 
 (1) Geographic regions: Northwest (AK, ID, MT, OR, WA, WY); Southwest (AZ, CA, CO, HI, NM, NV, UT); Mid-North (IA, IL, IN, MI, MN, NE, ND, SD, WI); Mid-South (AR, KS, LA, MO, OK, TX); Northeast (CT, DE, KY, MA, MD, ME, NH, NJ, NY, OH, PA, RI, VA, VT, WV); Southeast (AL, FL, GA, MS, NC, SC, TN). 

90 

Analysis of portfolio performance indicates that commodity type is the primary determinant of Farmer Mac's exposure to loss on a given loan. The following tables present concentrations of Agricultural Finance mortgage loans by commodity type within geographic region and cumulative credit losses by origination year and commodity type: 
 
 Table 28 As of December 31, 2022 Agricultural Finance Mortgage Loans Concentrations by Commodity Type within Geographic Region Crops Permanent Plantings Livestock Part-time Farm Ag. Storage and Processing Other Total (dollars in thousands) By geographic region (1) : 
 Northwest 722,805 224,214 290,599 111,547 32,955 23 1,382,143 6.7 2.1 2.7 1.0 0.3 12.8 Southwest 698,041 1,788,082 564,464 110,072 130,377 15,813 3,306,849 6.5 16.7 5.3 1.0 1.2 0.1 30.8 Mid-North 2,372,177 10,567 233,371 87,669 107,355 1,612 2,812,751 22.1 0.1 2.2 0.8 1.0 26.2 Mid-South 1,081,669 79,235 576,522 61,962 70,914 17 1,870,319 10.1 0.7 5.4 0.6 0.7 17.5 Northeast 191,635 45,513 76,071 50,877 63,435 427,531 1.8 0.4 0.7 0.5 0.6 4.0 Southeast 318,932 242,050 226,927 61,423 70,449 197 919,978 3.0 2.3 2.1 0.6 0.7 8.7 Total 5,385,259 2,389,661 1,967,954 483,550 475,485 17,662 10,719,571 50.2 22.3 18.4 4.5 4.5 0.1 100.0 
 (1) Geographic regions: Northwest (AK, ID, MT, OR, WA, WY); Southwest (AZ, CA, CO, HI, NM, NV, UT); Mid-North (IA, IL, IN, MI, MN, NE, ND, SD, WI); Mid-South (AR, KS, LA, MO, OK, TX); Northeast (CT, DE, KY, MA, MD, ME, NH, NJ, NY, OH, PA, RI, VA, VT, WV); Southeast (AL, FL, GA, MS, NC, SC, TN). 

91 

Table 29 As of December 31, 2022 Agricultural Loans Cumulative Credit Losses by Origination Year and Commodity Type Crops Permanent Plantings Livestock Part-time Farm Ag. Storage and Processing Total (in thousands) By year of origination: 2012 and prior 3,427 9,783 3,836 1,066 15,673 33,785 2013 2014 2015 (540) 24 (516) 2016 903 903 2017 4,311 4,311 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 3,790 9,783 3,836 1,090 19,984 38,483 
 
 For more information about the credit quality of Farmer Mac's Agricultural Finance mortgage loans and the associated allowance for losses please refer to Note 8 and Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. Activity affecting the allowance for loan losses and reserve for losses is discussed in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Provision for and Release of Allowance for Loan Losses and Reserve for Losses." 
 
 Rural Infrastructure Finance - Direct Credit Exposure 
 
 Farmer Mac's direct credit exposure to Rural Infrastructure Finance loans held and loans underlying LTSPCs as of December 31, 2022 was 3.5 billion across 45 states. For more information about Farmer Mac's underwriting and collateral valuation standards for Rural Infrastructure Finance loans, see "Business Farmer Mac's Lines of Business Rural Infrastructure Finance Underwriting and Collateral Standards." As of December 31, 2022, there were no delinquencies in Farmer Mac's portfolio of Rural Infrastructure Finance loans. 
 
 Farmer Mac evaluates credit risk for these assets by reviewing a variety of borrower credit risk characteristics. These characteristics can include (but is not limited to) financial metrics, internal risk ratings, ratings assigned by ratings agencies, types of customers served, sources of power supply, and the regulatory environment. 
 
 The following table presents Farmer Mac s portfolio of generation and transmission ("G T") and distribution cooperative borrowers, as well as renewable energy loans, disaggregated by internally assigned risk ratings. 

92 

Table 30 Rural Infrastructure Finance portfolio by internally assigned risk rating as of December 31, 2022 
 Acceptable Special Mention Substandard Total (in thousands) Distribution Cooperative 2,290,695 2,290,695 G T Cooperative 706,976 706,976 Renewable Energy 230,170 230,170 Telecommunications 316,617 316,617 Rural Infrastructure Total 3,544,458 3,544,458 
 
 For more information about the credit quality of Farmer Mac's Rural Infrastructure Finance portfolio and the associated allowance for losses please refer to Notes 8 and 12 of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Other Considerations Regarding Credit Risk Related to Loans and Guarantees 
 
 The credit exposure on USDA Securities, including those underlying Farmer Mac Guaranteed USDA Securities, is guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the United States. Therefore, Farmer Mac believes that we have little or no credit risk exposure to the USDA Securities in the Agricultural Finance line of business because of the USDA guarantee. As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac had not experienced any credit losses on any USDA Securities or Farmer Mac Guaranteed USDA Securities and does not expect to incur any such losses in the future. Because we do not expect credit losses on this portfolio, Farmer Mac does not provide an allowance for losses on its portfolio of USDA Securities. 
 
 Farmer Mac requires many lenders to make representations and warranties about the conformity of Agricultural Finance mortgage loans and Rural Infrastructure Finance loans to Farmer Mac's standards, the accuracy of loan data provided to Farmer Mac, and other requirements related to the loans. Sellers who make these representations and warranties are responsible to Farmer Mac for breaches of those representations and warranties. Farmer Mac has the ability to require a seller to cure, replace, or repurchase a loan sold or transferred to Farmer Mac if any breach of a representation or warranty is discovered that was material to Farmer Mac's decision to purchase the loan or that directly or indirectly causes a default or potential loss on a loan sold or transferred by the seller to Farmer Mac. During the previous three years ended December 31, 2022, there have been no breaches of representations and warranties by sellers that resulted in Farmer Mac requiring a seller to cure, replace, or repurchase a loan. In addition to relying on the representations and warranties of sellers, Farmer Mac also underwrites the Agricultural Finance mortgage loans (other than rural housing and part-time farm mortgage loans) and Rural Infrastructure Finance loans on which it has direct credit exposure. For rural housing and part-time farm mortgage loans, Farmer Mac relies on representations and warranties from the seller that those loans conform to Farmer Mac's specified underwriting criteria. For more information about Farmer Mac's loan eligibility requirements and underwriting standards, see "Business Farmer Mac's Lines of Business Agricultural Finance Loan Eligibility," "Business Farmer Mac's Lines of Business Agricultural Finance Underwriting and Collateral Standards Farm Ranch," "Business Farmer Mac's Lines of Business Agricultural Finance Underwriting and Collateral Standards Corporate AgFinance," and "Business Farmer Mac's Lines of Business Rural Infrastructure Finance Underwriting and Collateral Standards." 
 
 Under contracts with Farmer Mac and in consideration for servicing fees, Farmer Mac-approved servicers service loans in accordance with Farmer Mac's requirements. Servicers are responsible to Farmer Mac for material errors in the servicing of those loans. If a servicer materially breaches the terms of its servicing 
 
 93 

agreement with Farmer Mac, such as failing to forward payments received or releasing collateral without Farmer Mac's consent, or experiences insolvency or bankruptcy, the servicer is responsible for any corresponding damages to Farmer Mac and, in most cases, Farmer Mac has the right to terminate the servicing relationship for a particular loan or the entire portfolio serviced by the servicer. Farmer Mac also can proceed against the servicer in arbitration or exercise any remedies available to it under law. During the previous three years ended December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac had not exercised any remedies or taken any formal action against any servicers. For more information about Farmer Mac's servicing requirements, see "Business Farmer Mac's Lines of Business Agricultural Finance Loan Servicing" and "Business Farmer Mac's Lines of Business Rural Infrastructure Finance Lenders and Loan Servicing." 

Credit Risk Counterparty Risk . Farmer Mac is exposed to credit risk arising from its business relationships with other institutions, which include: 
 
 issuers of AgVantage securities; 
 approved lenders and servicers; and 
 interest rate swap counterparties. 
 
 Farmer Mac approves AgVantage counterparties and manages institutional credit risk related to those AgVantage counterparties by requiring them to meet Farmer Mac's standards for creditworthiness for the particular counterparty type and transaction. The required collateralization level is established when the AgVantage facility is entered into with the counterparty and does not change during the life of the AgVantage securities issued under the facility without Farmer Mac's consent. In AgVantage transactions, the corporate obligor is typically required to remove from the pool of pledged collateral loans that become and remain (within specified parameters) delinquent in the payment of principal or interest and to substitute eligible loans that are current in payment or pay down the AgVantage securities to maintain the minimum required collateralization level. 
 
 In the event of a default on an AgVantage security, Farmer Mac would have recourse to the pledged collateral and have rights to the ongoing borrower payments of principal and interest. As a result, Farmer Mac has indirect credit exposure to the Agricultural Finance mortgage loans and Rural Infrastructure loans that secure AgVantage securities. For AgVantage counterparties that are institutional real estate investors or financial funds and other similar entities, Farmer Mac also typically requires that the counterparty (1) maintain a higher collateralization level, through either a higher overcollateralization percentage or lower loan-to-value ratio thresholds and (2) comply with specified financial covenants for the life of the related AgVantage security to avoid default. As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac had not experienced any credit losses on any AgVantage securities. For a more detailed description of AgVantage securities, see "Business Farmer Mac's Lines of Business Agricultural Finance Other Products Agricultural Finance AgVantage Securities" and "Business Farmer Mac's Lines of Business Rural Infrastructure Finance Other Products Rural Infrastructure Finance AgVantage Securities." 
 
 The unpaid principal balance of outstanding on-balance sheet AgVantage securities secured by loans eligible for the Agricultural Finance line of business totaled 6.0 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 5.1 billion as of December 31, 2021. The unpaid principal balance of on-balance sheet AgVantage securities secured by loans eligible for the Rural Infrastructure Finance line of business totaled 3.0 billion as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The unpaid principal balance of outstanding off-balance sheet AgVantage securities totaled 1.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2.8 million as of December 31, 2021. 

94 

The following table provides information about the issuers of AgVantage securities and the required collateralization levels for those transactions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Table 31 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 Counterparty Balance Required Collateralization Balance Required Collateralization (dollars in thousands) AgVantage: CFC 3,045,325 100 3,036,017 100 MetLife 2,050,000 103 2,050,000 103 Rabo AgriFinance 2,855,000 105 2,550,000 105 Other (1) 
 1,059,600 100 to 125 492,464 106 to 125 Total outstanding 9,009,925 8,128,481 
 (1) Consists of AgVantage securities issued by 12 and 13 different issuers as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Farmer Mac manages institutional credit risk related to lenders and servicers by requiring those institutions to meet Farmer Mac's standards for creditworthiness. Farmer Mac monitors the financial condition of those institutions by evaluating financial statements and credit rating agency reports. For more information about Farmer Mac's lender eligibility requirements, see "Business Farmer Mac's Lines of Business Agricultural Finance Lenders" and "Business Farmer Mac's Lines of Business Rural Infrastructure Finance Lenders and Loan Servicing." 
 
 Farmer Mac manages institutional credit risk related to its interest rate swap counterparties through collateralization provisions contained in each of its swap agreements that vary based on the market value of its swap portfolio with each counterparty. Farmer Mac and its interest rate swap counterparties are required to fully collateralize their derivatives positions without any minimum threshold for cleared swap transactions, as well as for non-cleared swap transactions entered into after March 1, 2017. Farmer Mac transacts interest rate swaps with multiple counterparties to reduce counterparty credit exposure concentration. Farmer Mac's usage of cleared derivatives has increased over time as has its exposure to clearinghouses. The usage of cleared swap transactions reduces Farmer Mac's exposure to individual counterparties with the central clearinghouse acting to settle the change in value of contracts on a daily basis. Credit risk related to interest rate swap contracts is discussed in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Interest Rate Risk" and Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Credit Risk Other Investments . As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac had 0.9 billion of cash and cash equivalents and 4.6 billion of investment securities. The management of the credit risk inherent in these investments is governed by Farmer Mac's internal policies as well as Farmer Mac's Liquidity and Investment Regulations. In addition to establishing a portfolio of highly liquid investments as an available source of cash, the goals of Farmer Mac's investment policies are designed to minimize Farmer Mac's exposure to financial market volatility, preserve capital, and support Farmer Mac's access to the debt markets. 
 
 The Liquidity and Investment Regulations and Farmer Mac's internal policies require that investments held in Farmer Mac's investment portfolio meet the following creditworthiness standards: (1) at a minimum, at least one obligor of the investment must have a very strong capacity to meet financial commitments for the life of the investment, even under severely adverse or stressful conditions, and generally present a very low risk of default; (2) if the obligor whose capacity to meet financial 
 
 95 

commitments is being relied upon to meet the standard set forth in subparagraph (1) is located outside of the United States, the investment must also be fully guaranteed by a U.S. government agency; and (3) the investment must exhibit low credit risk and other risk characteristics consistent with the purpose or purposes for which it is held. 
 
 The Liquidity and Investment Regulations and Farmer Mac's internal policies also establish concentration limits, which are intended to limit exposure to any single entity, issuer, or obligor. The Liquidity and Investment Regulations limit Farmer Mac's total credit exposure to any single entity, issuer, or obligor of securities to 10 of Farmer Mac's regulatory capital 134.0 million as of December 31, 2022). However, Farmer Mac's current policy limits this total credit exposure to 5 of its regulatory capital 67.0 million as of December 31, 2022). These exposure limits do not apply to obligations of U.S. government agencies or GSEs, although Farmer Mac's current policy restricts investing more than 100 of regulatory capital in the senior non-convertible debt securities of any one GSE. 
 
 Although the Liquidity and Investments Regulations do not establish limits on the maximum amount, expressed as a percentage of Farmer Mac's investment portfolio, that can be invested in each eligible asset class, Farmer Mac's internal policies set forth asset class limits as part of Farmer Mac's overall risk management framework. 

Interest Rate Risk . Farmer Mac is subject to interest rate risk on all interest-earning assets on its balance sheet because of timing differences in the cash flows due to maturity, paydown, or repricing of the assets and debt together with financial derivatives. Cash flow mismatches due to changing interest rates can reduce the earnings of Farmer Mac if assets prepay sooner than expected and the resulting cash flows must be reinvested in lower-yielding investments when Farmer Mac's funding costs cannot be correspondingly reduced. Alternatively, Farmer Mac could realize a decline in income if assets repay more slowly than originally forecasted and the associated maturing debt must be replaced by debt issuances at higher interest rates. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk Management 
 
 The goal of interest rate risk management at Farmer Mac is to manage the balance sheet in a manner that generates stable earnings and value across a variety of interest rate environments. Recognizing that interest rate sensitivities may change with the passage of time and as interest rates change, Farmer Mac regularly assesses this exposure and, if necessary, adjusts its portfolio of interest-earning assets, debt, and financial derivatives. 
 
 Farmer Mac's objective is to maintain its exposure to interest rate risk within appropriate limits, as approved by Farmer Mac's board of directors. Farmer Mac's management-level Asset and Liability Committee ("ALCO") provides oversight, establishes guidelines, and approves strategies to maintain interest rate risk within the board-established limits. 
 
 Farmer Mac's primary strategy for managing interest rate risk is to fund asset purchases with debt that together with financial derivatives have similar duration and convexity characteristics and help mitigate impacts from interest rate changes across the yield curve. As part of this strategy, Farmer Mac seeks to issue debt securities across a variety of maturities that together with financial derivatives closely align the forecasted debt and financial derivative cash flows with forecasted asset cash flows. 

96 

Farmer Mac issues discount notes and both callable and non-callable medium-term notes across a spectrum of maturities to execute its debt issuance strategy. Portions of Farmer Mac's callable debt is issued to mitigate prepayment risk associated with certain interest-earning assets held on balance sheet. In general, as interest rates decline, prepayments typically increase, and Farmer Mac is able to economically extinguish certain callable debt issuances. In addition, Farmer Mac enters into financial derivatives, primarily interest rate swaps, to better match the durations of Farmer Mac's assets and liabilities, thereby reducing overall sensitivity to changing interest rates. 
 
 Taking into consideration the prepayment provisions and the default probabilities associated with its portfolio of interest-earning assets, Farmer Mac incorporates behavioral models when projecting and valuing cash flows associated with these assets. In recognition that borrowers' behaviors in various interest rate environments may change over time, Farmer Mac periodically evaluates the effectiveness of these models compared to actual prepayment experience and adjusts and refines the models as necessary to improve the precision of future prepayment forecasts. 
 
 Changes in interest rates may affect the timing of asset prepayments which may, in turn, impact durations and values of the assets. Declining interest rates generally result in increased prepayments, which shortens the duration of these assets, while rising interest rates generally result in lower prepayments, thereby extending the duration of the assets. 
 
 Farmer Mac is subject to interest rate risk on loans and securities it has committed to acquire but not yet purchased (other than delinquent loans purchased through LTSPCs or loans designated for securitization under a forward purchase agreement). When Farmer Mac commits to purchase these assets, it is exposed to interest rate risk between the time it commits to purchase the loans and the time it issues debt to fund the purchase of these loans. Farmer Mac manages the interest rate risk exposure related to these loans by entering into exchange-traded futures contracts involving U.S. Treasury securities and other financial derivatives. Similarly, when Farmer Mac commits to sell certain assets, the associated interest rate exposure is primarily managed with exchange-traded futures contracts involving U.S. Treasury securities and other financial derivatives. 
 
 Farmer Mac's 0.9 billion of cash and cash equivalents held as of December 31, 2022 mature within three months. As of December 31, 2022, 3.2 billion of the 4.6 billion of investment securities (70 were floating rate securities with rates that adjust within one year or fixed rate securities with original maturities between three months and one year. Farmer Mac's floating rate investment securities are funded with floating rate debt. The fixed rate investment securities are generally funded in a manner consistent with Farmer Mac's overall funding strategy that approximates a duration and convexity match. 

97 

Interest Rate Risk Metrics 
 
 Farmer Mac regularly evaluates and conducts interest rate shock simulations on its portfolio of financial assets, debt, and financial derivatives and examines a variety of metrics to quantify and manage its exposure to interest rate risk. These metrics include sensitivity to interest rate movements on the market value of equity ("MVE") and forecasted net effective spread ("NES") as well as a duration gap analysis. 
 
 MVE represents management's estimate of the present value of all future cash flows from its current portfolio of on- and off-balance sheet assets, liabilities, and financial derivatives, discounted at current interest rates and appropriate spreads. However, MVE is not indicative of the market value of Farmer Mac as a going concern because these market values are theoretical and do not reflect future business activities. The MVE sensitivity analysis measures the degree to which the market values of Farmer Mac's assets, liabilities, and financial derivatives are estimated to change for a given change in interest rates. 
 
 Farmer Mac's NES simulation represents the difference between projected income over the next twelve months from the current portfolio of interest-earning assets and interest expense produced by the related funding, including associated financial derivatives. Farmer Mac's NES simulation may be impacted by changes in market interest rates resulting from timing differences between maturities and re-pricing characteristics of funded assets and debt together with the associated financial derivatives. The direction and magnitude of any such effect depends on the direction and magnitude of the change in interest rates across the yield curve as well as the composition of Farmer Mac's portfolio. The NES simulation represents an estimate of the net effective spread income that Farmer Mac's current portfolio is expected to produce over a twelve-month horizon. As a result, the NES simulation sensitivity statistics provide a short-term view of Farmer Mac's NES income sensitivity to interest rate shocks. 
 
 Duration is a measure of a financial instrument's fair value sensitivity to small changes in interest rates. Duration gap is calculated using the net estimated durations of Farmer Mac's interest-earning assets, debt, and financial derivatives. Duration gap quantifies the extent to which estimated fair value sensitivities are matched for interest-earning assets, debt and financial derivatives. Duration gap provides a relatively concise measure of the interest rate risk inherent in Farmer Mac's outstanding portfolio. 
 
 A positive duration gap denotes that the duration of Farmer Mac's interest-earning assets is greater than the duration of its debt and financial derivatives. A positive duration gap indicates that with small changes in interest rate movements the fair value change of Farmer Mac's interest-earning assets is more sensitive than the fair value change of its debt and financial derivatives. Conversely, a negative duration gap indicates that with small changes in interest rate movements the fair value change of Farmer Mac's interest-earning assets are less sensitive than the fair value change of its debt and financial derivatives. A duration gap of zero indicates that with small changes in interest rate movements the fair value change of Farmer Mac's interest-earning assets is effectively offset by the fair value change of its debt and financial derivatives. 
 
 Each of the interest rate risk metrics is quantified using asset/liability models and derived based on management's best estimates of factors such as implied forward interest rates across the yield curve, interest rate volatility, and timing of asset prepayments and callable debt redemptions. Accordingly, these metrics are estimates rather than precise measurements. Actual results may differ to the extent there are material changes to Farmer Mac's financial asset portfolio or changes in funding or hedging strategies undertaken to mitigate unfavorable sensitivities to interest rate changes. 

98 

The following schedule summarizes the results of Farmer Mac's MVE and NES sensitivity analysis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 to an immediate and instantaneous uniform or "parallel" shift in the yield curve: 
 
 Table 32 Percentage Change in MVE from Base Case Interest Rate Scenario (1) 
 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 (1) 
 +100 basis points (3.7) 3.7 -100 basis points 2.7 (0.1) 
 Percentage Change in NES from Base Case Interest Rate Scenario As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 (1) 
 +100 basis points 0.4 6.6 -100 basis points (0.6) (0.1) 
 (1) The down 100 basis points shock scenario was replaced in 2020 with a proportional shock relative to 50 of the 3-month Treasury bill rate, with the approval of the Finance Committee of the Board of Directors. The replacement down shock scenario was negative 2 basis points as of December 31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac's duration gap was positive 3.6 months, compared to negative 1.5 months as of December 31, 2021. Interest rates within the yield curve flattened during 2022 with the 2-year and 10-year U.S. Treasury Note yield-to-maturity increasing by approximately 370 basis points and 237 basis points, respectively, versus year-end 2021. This rate movement contributed to extending the duration of Farmer Mac's funded assets compared to its debt and financial derivatives, thereby lengthening Farmer Mac's duration gap. 
 
 Financial Derivatives Transactions 
 
 The economic effects of financial derivatives are included in Farmer Mac's MVE, NES, and duration gap analyses. Farmer Mac typically enters into the following types of financial derivative transactions principally to protect against risk from the effects of market price or interest rate movements on the value of interest-earning assets, future cash flows, and debt issuance, and not for trading or speculative purposes: 
 
 "pay-fixed" interest rate swaps, in which Farmer Mac pays fixed rates of interest to, and receives floating rates of interest from, counterparties; 
 "receive-fixed" interest rate swaps, in which Farmer Mac receives fixed rates of interest from, and pays floating rates of interest to, counterparties; 
 "basis swaps," in which Farmer Mac pays floating rates of interest based on one index to, and receives floating rates of interest based on a different index from, counterparties; and 
 exchange-traded futures contracts involving U.S. Treasury securities. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac had 23.9 billion combined notional amount of interest rate swaps, with terms ranging from less than one year to just over thirty years, of which 8.9 billion were pay-fixed interest rate swaps, 13.1 billion were receive-fixed interest rate swaps, and 1.9 billion were basis swaps. 
 
 Farmer Mac enters into interest rate swaps to more closely match the cash flow and duration characteristics of its interest-earning assets with those of its debt. For example, Farmer Mac transacts pay-fixed interest rate swaps and issues floating rate debt to effectively create fixed rate funding that approximately matches the duration of the corresponding fixed rate assets being funded. Farmer Mac evaluates the overall cost of using interest rate swaps in conjunction with debt issuance as a funding 
 
 99 

alternative to duration-matched debt and enters into interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risks across the balance sheet. 
 
 Certain financial derivatives are designated as fair value hedges of fixed rate assets classified as available for sale or liabilities to protect against fair value changes in the assets or liabilities related to a benchmark interest rate (e.g., LIBOR or SOFR). Also, certain financial derivatives are designated as cash flow hedges to mitigate the volatility of future interest rate payments on floating rate debt. 
 
 As discussed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, all financial derivatives are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value as derivative assets or as derivative liabilities. Changes in the fair values of undesignated financial derivatives are reported in "Gains on financial derivatives" in the consolidated statements of operations. For financial derivatives designated in fair value hedge accounting relationships, changes in the fair values of the hedged items related to the risk being hedged are reported in "Net interest income" in the consolidated statements of operations. Interest accruals on derivatives designated in fair value hedge accounting relationships are also recorded in "Net interest income" in the consolidated statements of operations. For financial derivatives designated in cash flow hedge accounting relationships, the unrealized gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in other comprehensive income. Because the hedging instrument is an interest rate swap and the hedged forecasted transactions are future interest payments on floating rate debt, amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income are reclassified to "Total interest expense" in conjunction with the recognition of interest expense on the debt. All of Farmer Mac's interest rate swap transactions are conducted under standard collateralized agreements that limit Farmer Mac's potential credit exposure to any counterparty. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, Farmer Mac had no uncollateralized net exposures based on the mark-to-market value of the portfolio of interest rate swaps 
 
 Re-funding and repricing risk 
 
 Farmer Mac is subject to re-funding and repricing risk on any floating rate assets that are not funded to contractual maturity. Re-funding and repricing risk arises from potential changes in funding costs resulting from a funding strategy whereby Farmer Mac issues floating rate debt across a variety of maturities to fund floating rate or synthetically floating rate assets that on average may have longer maturities. Changes in Farmer Mac's funding costs relative to the benchmark market index rate to which the assets are indexed can cause changes to net interest income when debt matures and is reissued at then current interest rates to continue funding those assets. 
 
 Farmer Mac is subject to re-funding and repricing risk on a portion of its fixed rate assets as a result of its use of pay-fixed receive-floating interest rate swaps that effectively convert the required funding needed from fixed rate to floating rate. These fixed rate assets are then effectively floating rate assets that require floating rate funding. 
 
 Farmer Mac can meet floating rate funding needs in several ways, including: 
 
 issuing short-term fixed rate discount notes with maturities that match the reset period of the assets; 
 issuing floating rate medium-term notes with maturities and reset frequencies that match the assets being funded; 
 issuing non-maturity matched, floating rate medium-term notes with reset frequencies that match the assets being funded; or 
 
 100 

issuing non-maturity matched, fixed rate discount notes or medium-term notes swapped to floating rate to match the interest rate reset dates of the assets. 
 
 To meet certain floating rate funding needs, Farmer Mac frequently issues shorter-term floating-rate medium-term notes or fixed rate medium-term notes paired with a received-fixed interest rate swap because these funding alternatives generally provide a lower cost of funding while generating an effective interest rate match. As funding for these floating rate assets matures, Farmer Mac seeks to refinance the debt associated with these assets in a similar fashion to achieve an appropriate interest rate match in the context of Farmer Mac's overall debt issuance and liquidity management strategies. 
 
 However, if the funding cost of Farmer Mac s discount notes or medium-term notes increased relative to the benchmark market index of the associated assets during the time between when these floating rate assets were first funded and when Farmer Mac refinanced the associated debt, Farmer Mac would be exposed to a commensurate reduction of net effective spread. Conversely, if the funding cost on Farmer Mac s discount notes or medium-term notes decreased relative to the benchmark market index during that time, Farmer Mac would benefit from a commensurate increase to net effective spread. 
 
 Farmer Mac's debt issuance strategy targets balancing liquidity risk and re-funding and repricing risk while maintaining an appropriate liability management profile that is consistent with Farmer Mac's risk tolerance. Farmer Mac regularly adjusts its funding strategies to mitigate the effects of interest rate variability and seeks to maintain an effective mixture of funding structures in the context of its overall liability and liquidity management strategies. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac held 6.9 billion of floating rate assets in its lines of business and its investment portfolio that reset based on floating rate market indices, such as LIBOR or SOFR. As of the same date, Farmer Mac also had 8.9 billion of interest rate swaps outstanding where Farmer Mac pays a fixed rate of interest and receives a floating rate of interest, primarily LIBOR or SOFR. 
 
 Discontinuation of LIBOR 
 
 As described in "Risk Factors Market Risk" in Part I, Item 1A, Farmer Mac faces risks associated with the reform, replacement, or discontinuation of the LIBOR benchmark interest rate and the transition to an alternative benchmark interest rate. Farmer Mac is evaluating the potential effect on our business of replacement benchmark interest rates expected to replace LIBOR, including SOFR, which is the replacement benchmark rate recommended by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee and designated by Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act and implementing regulations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac held 2.9 billion of floating rate assets in its lines of business and its investment portfolio, had issued 0.2 billion of floating rate debt, and had entered into 10.5 billion notional amount of interest rate swaps, each of which reset based on LIBOR. In addition, our Non-Cumulative Series C Preferred Stock currently pays a fixed rate of interest until July 17, 2024. It becomes redeemable at our option on July 18, 2024 and thereafter pays interest at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus 3.260 . 
 
 The market transition away from LIBOR and towards alternative benchmark interest rate indices may be complicated and are expected to require term and credit adjustments to accommodate for differences between the benchmark interest rate indices. The transition may also result in different financial performance for existing transactions, may require different hedging strategies, or may require 
 
 101 

renegotiation of existing transactions. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.3 billion outstanding in medium-term notes based on SOFR, a potential alternative benchmark interest rate index. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Farmer Mac's primary sources of funds to meet its liquidity and funding needs are the proceeds of its debt issuances, guarantee and commitment fees, net effective spread, loan repayments, and maturities of AgVantage and investment securities. Farmer Mac regularly accesses the debt capital markets for funding, and Farmer Mac has maintained steady access to the debt capital markets throughout 2022. Farmer Mac funds its purchases of eligible loan assets, USDA Securities, Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities, and investment assets and finances its operations primarily by issuing debt obligations of various maturities in the debt capital markets. As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac had outstanding discount notes of 0.6 billion, medium-term notes that mature within one year of 7.5 billion, and medium-term notes that mature after one year of 17.0 billion. 
 
 Assuming continued access to the debt capital markets, Farmer Mac believes it has sufficient liquidity and capital resources to support its operations for the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future. Farmer Mac has a contingency funding plan to manage unanticipated disruptions in its access to the debt capital markets. Farmer Mac must maintain a minimum of 90 days of liquidity under the Liquidity and Investment Regulations prescribed for Farmer Mac by FCA. In accordance with the methodology for calculating available days of liquidity under those regulations, Farmer Mac maintained a monthly average of 368 days of liquidity throughout 2022 and had 324 days of liquidity as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Farmer Mac maintains cash, cash equivalents (including U.S. Treasury securities, operational deposits, and other short-term money market instruments), and other investment securities that can be drawn upon for liquidity needs. Farmer Mac's current policies authorize liquidity investments in: 
 
 obligations of or fully guaranteed by the United States or a U.S. government agency; 
 obligations of or fully guaranteed by GSEs; 
 municipal securities; 
 international and multilateral development bank obligations; 
 money market instruments; 
 diversified investment funds; 
 asset-backed securities; 
 corporate debt securities; and 
 mortgage-backed securities. 

102 

The following table presents these assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Table 33 
 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents 861,002 908,785 Investment securities: Guaranteed by U.S. Government and its agencies 1,444,650 1,579,452 Guaranteed by GSEs 3,160,919 2,282,655 Asset-backed securities 19,027 19,254 Total 5,485,598 4,790,146 
 
 The objectives of the investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are to provide a level of liquidity that mitigates enterprise risk, provides a reliable source of short-term and long-term liquidity, to prepare for the possibility of future volatility in the debt capital markets, and to support program asset growth. 

Capital Requirements . Farmer Mac is subject to the following statutory capital requirements minimum, critical, and risk-based. Farmer Mac must comply with the higher of the minimum capital requirement and the risk-based capital requirement. As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac was in compliance with its statutory capital requirements and was classified as within "level 1" (the highest compliance level). 
 
 In accordance with FCA's rule on capital planning, Farmer Mac's board of directors has adopted a policy for maintaining a sufficient level of "Tier 1" capital (consisting of retained earnings, paid-in capital, common stock, and qualifying preferred stock). That policy restricts Tier 1-eligible dividends and any discretionary bonus payments if Tier 1 capital falls below specified thresholds. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Farmer Mac's Tier 1 capital ratio was 14.9 and 14.8 , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac was in compliance with its capital adequacy policy. Farmer Mac does not expect its compliance on an ongoing basis with FCA's rule on capital planning, including Farmer Mac's policy on Tier 1 capital, to materially affect Farmer Mac's operations or financial condition. 
 
 For more information about the capital requirements applicable to Farmer Mac, its capital adequacy policy, and FCA's rule on capital planning, see "Business Government Regulation of Farmer Mac Capital Standards." See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for more information about Farmer Mac's capital position. 

Discount and Medium-term Notes . The following table presents the amount and timing of Farmer Mac's known, fixed, and determinable discount and medium-term note obligations by payment date as of December 31, 2022. The payment amounts represent those amounts due to the investor (including return of discount and interest on debt) and do not include unamortized premiums or discounts or other similar carrying value adjustments. 

103 

Table 34 
 One Year or Less One to Three Years Three to Five Years Over Five Years Total (in thousands) Discount notes (1) 
 568,079 568,079 Medium-term notes (1) 
 7,469,450 7,583,077 5,333,762 4,066,485 24,452,774 Interest payments on fixed rate medium-term notes (2) 
 374,223 467,003 271,625 337,919 1,450,770 Interest payments on floating rate medium-term notes (3) 
 84,757 121,559 81,188 48,219 335,723 
 (1) Future events, including additional issuance of discount notes and medium-term notes and refinancing of those notes, could cause actual payments to differ significantly from these amounts. For more information regarding discount notes and medium-term notes, see Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 (2) Interest payments on callable medium-term notes are calculated based on maturity. Future calls of these notes could cause actual interest payments to differ significantly from the amounts presented. 
 (3) Calculated using the effective interest rates as of December 31, 2022. As a result, these amounts do not reflect the effects of changes in the interest rates effective on future interest rate reset dates. 
 
 Farmer Mac enters into financial derivatives contracts under which it either receives cash from counterparties, or is required to pay cash to them, depending on changes in interest rates. Financial derivatives are carried on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value, representing the net present value of expected future cash payments or receipts based on market interest rates as of the balance sheet date adjusted for the consideration of credit risk of Farmer Mac and its counterparties. The fair values of the contracts change daily as market interest rates change. Because the financial derivative liabilities recorded on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 do not represent the amounts that may ultimately be paid under the financial derivative contracts, those liabilities are not included in the table presented above. More information about financial derivatives is included in Note 2(f) and Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Contingent Liabilities . In conducting its loan purchase activities, Farmer Mac enters into mandatory delivery commitments to purchase agricultural mortgage loans and USDA Securities. In conducting its LTSPC activities, Farmer Mac commits, subject to the applicable LTSPC agreement, to a future purchase of one or more loans from identified pools of eligible loans that met Farmer Mac's standards when the applicable transaction was entered into and Farmer Mac assumed the credit risk on the loans. The following table presents these significant commitments: 
 
 Table 35 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) LTSPCs 3,423,155 3,191,061 Mandatory commitments to purchase loans and USDA Securities 9,907 75,589 
 
 For more information about Farmer Mac's commitments to purchase loans, see Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Farmer Mac offers approved lenders two credit enhancement alternatives to increase their liquidity or lending capacity while retaining the cash flow benefits of their loans: (1) certain categories of Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities; and (2) LTSPCs. Both products are available through each of the Agricultural Finance and Rural Infrastructure Finance lines of business. For securitization trusts where Farmer Mac is the primary beneficiary, the trust assets and liabilities are included on Farmer Mac's consolidated balance 
 
 104 

sheet. For securitization trusts where Farmer Mac is not the primary beneficiary and in the event of deconsolidation, both of these alternatives create off-balance sheet obligations for Farmer Mac. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for more information about consolidation and Farmer Mac's off-balance sheet business activities. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, outstanding off-balance sheet LTSPCs and Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities totaled 3.9 billion and 3.8 billion, respectively. The following table presents the balance of outstanding LTSPCs and off-balance sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Table 36 
 Outstanding Balance of LTSPCs and Off-Balance Sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities As of December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Agricultural Finance: Corporate AgFinance: Unfunded Loan Commitments 77,654 47,070 Farm Ranch: LTSPCs and unfunded commitments 2,822,309 2,587,154 Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities 500,953 578,358 Total Agricultural Finance obligations 3,400,916 3,212,582 Rural Infrastructure: Rural Utilities: LTSPCs and Unfunded Loan Commitments 512,592 556,837 Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities 1,169 2,755 Renewable Energy: Unfunded Loan Commitments 10,600 Total Rural Infrastructure obligations 524,361 559,592 Total off-balance sheet 3,925,277 3,772,174 
 
 See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Credit Risk Loans and Guarantees" and Notes 2(c), 2(d), 5 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements for more information about Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and Notes 2(m) and 12 to the consolidated financial statements for more information about LTSPCs. 

Other Matters 
 
 None. 

105 

Supplemental Information 
 
 The following tables present quarterly and annual information about new business volume, repayments, and outstanding business volume: 
 
 Table 37 New Business Volume Agricultural Finance Rural Infrastructure Finance Farm Ranch Corporate AgFinance Rural Utilities Renewable Energy Total (in thousands) For the quarter ended: December 31, 2022 1,114,255 165,395 140,222 43,737 1,463,609 September 30, 2022 1,927,209 169,932 547,117 61,653 2,705,911 June 30, 2022 1,418,397 107,916 326,899 35,307 1,888,519 March 31, 2022 2,452,539 103,353 377,965 41,636 2,975,493 December 31, 2021 2,075,540 411,838 631,338 12,594 3,131,310 September 30, 2021 1,791,662 122,043 609,745 4,152 2,527,602 June 30, 2021 925,950 159,958 410,666 3,441 1,500,015 March 31, 2021 1,087,897 186,393 171,546 23,484 1,469,320 December 31, 2020 907,316 242,394 145,416 44,313 1,339,439 For the year ended: December 31, 2022 6,912,400 546,596 1,392,203 182,333 9,033,532 December 31, 2021 5,881,049 880,232 1,823,295 43,671 8,628,247 

106 

Table 38 Repayments of Assets Agricultural Finance Rural Infrastructure Finance Farm Ranch Corporate AgFinance Rural Utilities Renewable Energy Total (in thousands) For the quarter ended: Scheduled 447,976 64,308 75,671 9,809 597,764 Unscheduled 136,245 132,366 1,201 269,812 December 31, 2022 584,221 196,674 76,872 9,809 867,576 Scheduled 724,580 38,018 422,917 13,429 1,198,944 Unscheduled 296,763 64,439 361,202 September 30, 2022 1,021,343 102,457 422,917 13,429 1,560,146 Scheduled 1,114,779 42,162 159,491 7,898 1,324,330 Unscheduled 286,303 30,203 1,791 318,297 June 30, 2022 1,401,082 72,365 161,282 7,898 1,642,627 Scheduled 1,535,369 39,480 266,349 7,790 1,848,988 Unscheduled 434,794 60,947 397 496,138 March 31, 2022 1,970,163 100,427 266,746 7,790 2,345,126 Scheduled 928,663 205,778 816,802 18,526 1,969,769 Unscheduled 318,024 48,042 366,066 December 31, 2021 1,246,687 253,820 816,802 18,526 2,335,835 Scheduled 725,713 406,285 95,443 4,043 1,231,484 Unscheduled 374,287 201 374,488 September 30, 2021 1,100,000 406,285 95,644 4,043 1,605,972 Scheduled 380,684 139,774 225,257 4,704 750,419 Unscheduled 409,393 3,921 1,652 414,966 June 30, 2021 790,077 143,695 226,909 4,704 1,165,385 Scheduled 721,090 120,621 100,482 2,671 944,864 Unscheduled 501,651 82,090 2,279 586,020 March 31, 2021 1,222,741 202,711 102,761 2,671 1,530,884 Scheduled 365,732 197,108 405,597 561 968,998 Unscheduled 400,809 27,850 1,610 430,269 December 31, 2020 766,541 224,958 407,207 561 1,399,267 For the year ended: Scheduled 3,822,704 183,968 924,428 38,926 4,970,026 Unscheduled 1,154,105 287,955 3,389 1,445,449 December 31, 2022 4,976,809 471,923 927,817 38,926 6,415,475 Scheduled 2,756,150 872,458 1,237,984 29,944 4,896,536 Unscheduled 1,603,355 134,053 4,132 1,741,540 December 31, 2021 4,359,505 1,006,511 1,242,116 29,944 6,638,076 

107 

Table 39 Outstanding Business Volume Agricultural Finance Rural Infrastructure Finance Farm Ranch Corporate AgFinance Rural Utilities Renewable Energy Total (in thousands) As of: December 31, 2022 17,728,792 1,603,507 6,359,613 230,170 25,922,082 September 30, 2022 17,199,347 1,634,786 6,296,263 196,242 25,326,638 June 30, 2022 16,591,999 1,567,311 6,172,063 148,018 24,479,391 March 31, 2022 16,575,595 1,540,760 6,006,446 120,609 24,243,410 December 31, 2021 16,094,639 1,537,834 5,895,227 86,763 23,614,463 September 30, 2021 15,565,589 1,379,816 6,080,691 92,695 23,118,791 June 30, 2021 14,873,926 1,664,059 5,566,591 92,585 22,197,161 March 31, 2021 14,738,052 1,647,796 5,382,835 93,848 21,862,531 December 31, 2020 14,872,894 1,664,115 5,314,051 73,035 21,924,095 

Table 40 On-Balance Sheet Outstanding Business Volume Fixed Rate 5- to 10-Year ARMs Resets 1-Month to 3-Year ARMs Total Held in Portfolio (in thousands) As of: December 31, 2022 13,693,810 3,031,288 5,251,427 21,976,525 September 30, 2022 13,810,162 2,960,596 4,644,958 21,415,716 June 30, 2022 13,798,771 2,939,467 3,993,956 20,732,194 March 31, 2022 14,174,611 2,858,521 3,443,816 20,476,948 December 31, 2021 13,228,675 2,896,014 3,695,269 19,819,958 September 30, 2021 12,921,572 2,872,499 3,818,550 19,612,621 June 30, 2021 11,800,429 2,878,637 4,254,625 18,933,691 March 31, 2021 11,454,321 2,824,551 4,410,661 18,689,533 December 31, 2020 11,330,414 2,816,840 4,511,964 18,659,218 

108 

The following table presents the quarterly net effective spread (a non-GAAP measure) by segment: 
 
 Table 41 Net Effective Spread (1) 
 Agricultural Finance Rural Infrastructure Finance Treasury Farm Ranch Corporate AgFinance Rural Utilities Renewable Energy Funding Investments Net Effective Spread Dollars Yield Dollars Yield Dollars Yield Dollars Yield Dollars Yield Dollars Yield Dollars Yield (dollars in thousands) For the quarter ended: December 31, 2022 (2) 
 32,770 0.98 7,471 1.94 4,960 0.34 935 1.76 27,656 0.42 (2,689) 0.19 71,103 1.07 September 30, 2022 33,343 1.04 7,600 1.99 4,220 0.30 705 1.97 22,564 0.36 (2,791) (0.21) 65,641 1.03 June 30, 2022 32,590 1.05 6,929 1.87 3,733 0.27 468 1.78 18,508 0.30 (1,282) (0.10) 60,946 0.99 March 31, 2022 30,354 1.02 7,209 1.96 3,159 0.23 375 1.69 16,738 0.28 4 57,839 0.97 December 31, 2021 (2) 
 28,998 0.99 6,321 1.84 2,521 0.19 356 1.53 15,979 0.28 158 0.01 54,333 0.94 September 30, 2021 28,914 1.06 7,163 1.80 2,067 0.16 236 1.09 17,386 0.31 159 0.01 55,925 0.99 June 30, 2021 29,163 1.06 6,676 1.65 1,759 0.14 378 1.80 18,449 0.33 126 0.01 56,551 1.01 March 31, 2021 26,461 0.98 6,921 1.67 1,720 0.14 249 1.28 18,394 0.33 114 0.01 53,859 0.97 December 31, 2020 25,596 0.95 6,237 1.53 1,838 0.15 123 1.20 20,585 0.37 143 0.01 54,522 0.98 
 (1) Farmer Mac excludes the Corporate segment in the presentation above because the segment does not have any interest-earning assets. 
 (2) See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for a reconciliation of GAAP net interest income by segment to net effective spread by segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

109 

The following table presents quarterly core earnings (a non-GAAP measure) reconciled to net income attributable to common stockholders: 
 
 Table 42 Core Earnings by Quarter End December 2022 September 2022 June 2022 March 2022 December 2021 September 2021 June 2021 March 2021 December 2020 (in thousands) Revenues: Net effective spread 71,103 65,641 60,946 57,839 54,333 55,925 56,551 53,859 54,522 Guarantee and commitment fees 4,677 4,201 4,709 4,557 4,637 4,322 4,334 4,240 4,652 Gains on sale of mortgage loans 6,539 Other 390 473 307 514 241 687 301 451 512 Total revenues 76,170 70,315 65,962 62,910 65,750 60,934 61,186 58,550 59,686 Credit related expense/(income): Provision for/(release of) losses 1,945 450 (1,535) (54) (1,428) 255 (983) (31) 2,973 REO operating expenses 819 Losses on sale of REO 22 Total credit related expense/(income) 2,764 450 (1,535) (54) (1,428) 255 (983) (31) 2,995 Operating expenses: Compensation and employee benefits 12,105 11,648 11,715 13,298 11,246 10,027 9,779 11,795 9,497 General and administrative 8,055 6,919 7,520 7,278 8,492 6,330 6,349 6,336 6,274 Regulatory fees 832 812 813 812 812 750 750 750 750 Total operating expenses 20,992 19,379 20,048 21,388 20,550 17,107 16,878 18,881 16,521 Net earnings 52,414 50,486 47,449 41,576 46,628 43,572 45,291 39,700 40,170 Income tax expense 11,210 10,303 9,909 9,024 9,809 9,152 9,463 8,520 8,470 Preferred stock dividends 6,791 6,791 6,792 6,791 6,792 6,774 5,842 5,269 5,269 Core earnings 34,413 33,392 30,748 25,761 30,027 27,646 29,986 25,911 26,431 Reconciling items: Gains/(losses) on undesignated financial derivatives due to fair value changes 1,596 6,441 2,846 2,612 (1,242) (405) (3,020) 3,236 (3,005) (Losses)/gains on hedging activities due to fair value changes (148) (624) 428 5,687 (2,079) 1,818 (5,866) 4,317 7,954 Unrealized gains/(losses) on trading assets 31 (757) (285) 94 (76) 36 (61) (14) 223 Net effects of amortization of premiums/discounts and deferred gains on assets consolidated at fair value 57 24 (62) 20 71 23 20 16 (77) Net effects of terminations or net settlements on financial derivatives 1,268 (3,522) 2,536 15,512 (429) (351) 109 1,165 1,583 Income tax effect related to reconciling items (590) (327) (1,148) (5,024) 789 (236) 1,852 (1,831) (1,403) Net income attributable to common stockholders 36,627 34,627 35,063 44,662 27,061 28,531 23,020 32,800 31,706 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Farmer Mac is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates. Farmer Mac manages this market risk by entering into various financial transactions, including financial derivatives, and by monitoring and measuring its exposure to changes in interest rates. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Interest Rate Risk" for more 
 
 110 

information about Farmer Mac's exposure to interest rate risk and its strategies to manage that risk. For information about Farmer Mac's use of financial derivatives and related accounting policies, see Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Item 8. Financial Statements 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The management of Farmer Mac is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of Farmer Mac's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Farmer Mac's financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Farmer Mac's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of Farmer Mac; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of Farmer Mac are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of Farmer Mac; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of Farmer Mac's assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of Farmer Mac's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Farmer Mac's management assessed the effectiveness of Farmer Mac's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, Farmer Mac's management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on its evaluation under the COSO criteria, management concluded that Farmer Mac's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was effective. 
 
 Farmer Mac's independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has audited the effectiveness of Farmer Mac's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in their report appearing below. 

111 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 of the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for credit losses in 2020. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and 
 
 112 

performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter s 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Valuation of Available-for-sale AgVantage Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities 
 
 As disclosed by management, the Company guarantees and purchases general obligations of lenders and other financial institutions that are secured by pools of the types of loans eligible for purchase under Farmer Mac's Agricultural Finance or Rural Infrastructure Finance lines of business, which are referred to as AgVantage securities. As described in Notes 5 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the total unpaid principal balance of available-for-sale AgVantage securities as of December 31, 2022 was 8.0 billion, and the fair value of the available-for-sale AgVantage securities of December 31, 2022 was 7.6 
 
 113 

billion. The fair value of AgVantage securities is estimated using a discounted cash flow model. The significant unobservable input used is the discount rate commensurate with the risks involved. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of available-for-sale AgVantage securities is a critical audit matter are (i) the high degree of audit effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the discount rate assumption used by management in the valuation of the available-for-sale AgVantage securities, and (ii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of available-for-sale AgVantage securities, including controls over the model, data and assumption. These procedures also included, among others, (i) the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in developing an independent range of prices for a sample of available-for-sale AgVantage securities, and (ii) comparing management s estimate to the independently developed range to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimate. Developing the independent range of prices involved testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management and independently developing the discount rate assumption. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Washington, District of Columbia 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 
 
 114 

FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities: Available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Held-to-maturity, at amortized cost Other investments Total Investment Securities Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities: Available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Held-to-maturity, at amortized cost Total Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities USDA Securities: Trading, at fair value Held-to-maturity, at amortized cost Total USDA Securities Loans: Loans held for investment, at amortized cost Loans held for investment in consolidated trusts, at amortized cost Allowance for losses ) ) Total loans, net of allowance Financial derivatives, at fair value Accrued interest receivable (includes and , respectively, related to consolidated trusts) 
 Guarantee and commitment fees receivable Deferred tax asset, net Prepaid expenses and other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Equity: Liabilities: Notes payable Debt securities of consolidated trusts held by third parties Financial derivatives, at fair value Accrued interest payable (includes and , respectively, related to consolidated trusts) 
 Guarantee and commitment obligation Accounts payable and accrued expenses Reserve for losses Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 12) Equity: Preferred stock: Series C, par value per share, shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 Series D, par value per share, shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 Series E, par value per share, shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 Series F, par value per share, shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 Series G, par value per share, shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 Common stock: Class A Voting, par value, no maximum authorization, shares outstanding 
 Class B Voting, par value, no maximum authorization, shares outstanding 
 Class C Non-Voting, par value, no maximum authorization, shares and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss)/income, net of tax ) Retained earnings Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 115 

FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except per share amounts) Interest income: Investments and cash equivalents Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and USDA Securities Loans Total interest income Total interest expense Net interest income (Provision for)/release of losses ) ) Net interest income after (provision for)/release of losses Non-interest income/(expense): Guarantee and commitment fees Gains on financial derivatives Gains on sale of mortgage loans (Losses)/gains on trading securities ) ) Gains on sale of available-for-sale investment securities Gains on sale of real estate owned Release of/(provision for) reserve for losses ) Other income Non-interest income Operating expenses: Compensation and employee benefits General and administrative Regulatory fees Real estate owned operating costs, net Operating expenses Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Loss on retirement of preferred stock ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Earnings per common share: Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 116 

FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands Net income Other comprehensive (loss)/income: Net unrealized (losses)/gains on available-for-sale securities ) Net changes in held-to-maturity securities ) ) Net unrealized gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges ) Other comprehensive (loss)/income before tax ) Income tax benefit/(expense) related to other comprehensive (loss)/income ) ) Other comprehensive (loss)/income net of tax ) Comprehensive income 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 117 

FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 
 Accumulated Additional Other Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-In Comprehensive Retained Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Income/(Loss) Earnings Equity (in thousands) Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effect adjustment from adoption of current expected credit loss standard ) ) Balance as of January 1, 2020 ) Net Income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Cash dividends: Preferred stock ) ) Common stock (cash dividend of per share) 
 ) ) Issuance of Series E Preferred Stock Issuance of Series F Preferred Stock Redemption of Series A preferred stock ) ) ) Loss on retirement of preferred stock ) ) Issuance of Class C Common Stock Repurchase of Class C Common Stock ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation cost Other stock-based award activity ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) Net Income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Cash dividends: Preferred stock ) ) Common stock (cash dividend of per share) 
 ) ) Issuance of Series G Preferred Stock Issuance of Class C Common Stock Stock-based compensation cost Other stock-based award activity ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Net Income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Cash dividends: Preferred stock ) ) Common stock (cash dividend of per share) 
 ) ) Issuance of Class C Common Stock Stock-based compensation cost Other stock-based award activity ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 118 

FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 For the Year Ended 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net amortization of deferred gains, premiums, and discounts on loans, investments, Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities, and USDA Securities Amortization of debt premiums, discounts, and issuance costs Net change in fair value of trading securities, hedged assets, and financial derivatives ) Gain on sale of real estate owned ) Gain on the sale of available-for-sale investment securities ) Gain on the sale of mortgage loans ) Total (provision for)/release of allowance for losses ) Excess tax benefits related to stock-based awards ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Purchases of loans held for sale ) Proceeds from the sale of loans held for sale Proceeds from repayment of loans purchased as held for sale Net change in: Interest receivable ) Guarantee and commitment fees receivable ) Other assets ) ) ) Accrued interest payable ) ) Custodial deposit liability ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of available-for-sale investment securities ) ) ) Purchases of other investment securities ) ) Purchases of Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and USDA Securities ) ) ) Purchases of loans held for investment ) ) ) Purchases of defaulted loans ) ) Proceeds from repayment of available-for-sale investment securities Proceeds from repayment of Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and USDA Securities Proceeds from repayment of loans purchased as held for investment Proceeds from sale of loans previously classified as held for investment Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale investment securities Proceeds from sale of Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities Proceeds from sale of real estate owned Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of discount notes Proceeds from issuance of medium-term notes Proceeds from third parties from issuance of debt securities of consolidated trusts Payments to redeem discount notes ) ) ) Payments to redeem medium-term notes ) ) ) Payments to third parties on debt securities of consolidated trusts ) ) ) Proceeds from common stock issuance Retirement of preferred stock ) Proceeds from preferred stock issuance, net of stock issuance costs Tax payments related to share-based awards ) ) ) Purchases of common stock ) Dividends paid on common and preferred stock ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

119 

Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes Non-cash activity: Loans securitized as Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities Loans held for investment transferred to consolidated trusts Reclassification of defaulted loans from loans held for investment in consolidated trusts to loans held for investment Reclassification of loans held for sale to loans held for investment Reclassification of loans held for investment to loans held for sale Net assets obtained in securitization Matured securities receivable (Recovery)/charge-off from the allowance for losses ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 120 

FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 

2. 

121 

subsidiaries during the year: (1) Farmer Mac Mortgage Securities Corporation, whose principal activities are to facilitate the purchase and issuance of Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities; and (2) Farmer Mac II LLC, whose principal activity is the operation of substantially all of the business related to the USDA Securities included in the Agricultural Finance line of business. The consolidated financial statements also include the accounts of Variable Interest Entities ("VIEs") in which Farmer Mac determined itself to be the primary beneficiary. 

(b) 

(c) 

122 

(d) 

(e) 

123 

million pool of Farm Ranch loans. The securitization consisted of two classes of securities, Class A and Class B. The Class A securities are backed by of the pool and is guaranteed by Farmer Mac. The Class B Tranche is backed by the remaining of the pool. Credit losses on the entire pool are first allocated to the Class B securities. As a result of the transaction, Farmer Mac recognized the following: 
 
 124 

million in gains attributable to securitization activity. These gains were reported in Gains on sale of mortgage loans in the consolidated statements of operations. Farmer Mac recorded no gains attributable to securitization activity for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020. 

(f) 

125 

(g) 

(h) 

126 

127 

128 

(i) 

Effect of dilutive securities (1) 
 SARs and restricted stock ) ) ) Diluted EPS 
 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, SARs and restricted stock of , , and , respectively, were outstanding but not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share of common stock because they were anti-dilutive. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, contingent shares of unvested restricted stock of , , and respectively, were outstanding but not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share of common stock because performance conditions had not yet been met. 

(j) 

129 

(k) 
 
 million, million, and million of compensation expense related to SARs and non-vested restricted stock awards for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

(l) 
 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) Net comprehensive income/(loss) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) Net comprehensive income/(loss) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss)/income before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) ) Net comprehensive (loss)/income ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 

130 

) ) Less reclassification adjustments included in: Net interest income (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Gains on sale of available-for-sale investment securities (2) 
 ) ) ) Other income (3) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) Held-to-maturity securities: Less reclassification adjustments included in: Net interest income (4) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) ) ) Cash flow hedges Unrealized gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges ) ) ) Less reclassification adjustments included in: Net interest income (5) 
 ) ) ) Total ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss)/income ) ) ) 
 (1) Relates to the amortization of unrealized gains on hedged items prior to the application of fair value hedge accounting. 
 (2) Represents unrealized gains and losses on sales of available-for-sale securities. 
 (3) Represents amortization of deferred gains related to certain available-for-sale USDA Securities and Farmer Mac Guaranteed USDA Securities. 
 (4) Relates to the amortization of unrealized gains or losses prior to the reclassification of these securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity. The amortization of unrealized gains or losses reported in AOCI for held-to-maturity securities will be offset by the amortization of the premium or discount created from the transfer into held-to-maturity securities, which occurred at fair value. These unrealized gains or losses will be recorded over the remaining life of the security with no impact on future net income. 
 (5) Relates to the recognition of unrealized gains and losses on cash flow hedges recorded in AOCI. 

(m) 

131 

(n) 

132 

133 

(o) 

134 

million pool of Farm Ranch loans. For more information about this securitization, see Note 2(e) - Securitization. The securitization trust used to effect this transaction was a variable interest entity that Farmer Mac has not consolidated. Farmer Mac determined that it was not the primary beneficiary of the securitization trust because the subordinate class majority holder has the unilateral right to remove Farmer Mac as Master Servicer with or without cause. 
 
 The following tables present, by segment, details about the consolidation of VIEs: 
 
 135 

Debt securities of consolidated trusts held by third parties (1)(2) 
 Unconsolidated VIEs: Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities: Carrying value Maximum exposure to loss (3) 
 Investment securities: Carrying value (4) 
 Maximum exposure to loss (3) (4) 
 Off-Balance Sheet: Unconsolidated VIEs: Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities: Maximum exposure to loss (3) (5) 
 
 (1) Includes borrower remittances of million. The borrower remittances had not been passed through to third-party investors as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Includes million in unamortized discount related to a structured securitization transaction. 
 (3) Farmer Mac uses unpaid principal balance and outstanding face amount of investment securities to represent maximum exposure to loss. 
 (4) Includes auction-rate certificates, government-sponsored enterprise ("GSE")-guaranteed mortgage-backed securities, and other mission related investments. 
 (5) The amount under the Agricultural Finance line of business relates to unconsolidated trusts where it was determined that Farmer Mac was either not the primary beneficiary due to shared power with an unrelated party or a subordinate class majority holder has the unilateral right to remove Farmer Mac as Master Servicer without cause. 

136 

Debt securities of consolidated trusts held by third parties (1) 
 Unconsolidated VIEs: Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities: Carrying value Maximum exposure to loss (2) 
 Investment securities: Carrying value (3) 
 Maximum exposure to loss (2) (3) 
 Off-Balance Sheet: Unconsolidated VIEs: Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities: Maximum exposure to loss (2) (4) 
 
 (1) Includes borrower remittances of million. The borrower remittances had not been passed through to third-party investors as of December 31, 2021. 
 (2) Farmer Mac uses unpaid principal balance and outstanding face amount of investment securities to represent maximum exposure to loss. 
 (3) Includes auction-rate certificates, government-sponsored enterprise ("GSE")-guaranteed mortgage-backed securities, and other mission related investments. 
 (4) The amount under the Agricultural Finance line of business relates to unconsolidated trusts where it was determined that Farmer Mac was either not the primary beneficiary due to shared power with an unrelated party or a subordinate class majority holder has the unilateral right to remove Farmer Mac as Master Servicer without cause. 

(p) 

(q) 
 
 operating segments, which are reportable segments. The CODM reviews the financial information of the segments to make decisions about allocating resources and to assess the financial performance of those segments. The reportable segments are: Farm Ranch, Corporate AgFinance, Rural Utilities, Renewable Energy, Funding, Investments, and Corporate. The purpose of the new alignment of the company's segments is for the CODM to review and analyze financial performance according to the type of customer and market rather than according to the type of product offerings. Additionally, the financial information for the Funding and Investments segments allow the CODM to review the results of the company's Treasury 
 
 137 

138 

(r) 

139 

(s) Reclassifications 
 Certain reclassifications of prior period information were made to conform to the current period presentation. 

3. 
 
 of Farmer Mac's Class A voting common stock. 
 
 USDA Securities Sales of Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities 
 
 The purchases of loans from Zions under the Agricultural Finance line of business represented approximately , , and of Agricultural Finance mortgage loan purchases for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and , and , respectively, of total Agricultural Finance mortgage loan business volume (excluding AgVantage and USDA Securities). The purchases of USDA Securities from Zions represented approximately , , and of total purchases of USDA Securities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Outstanding Agricultural Finance mortgage loans purchased and USDA Securities purchased from Zions represented and , respectively, of Farmer Mac's outstanding business volume as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

140 

million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, for its work as a Farmer Mac servicer. 
 
 National Rural Utilities Cooperative Financial Corporation : 
 
 Farmer Mac considers the National Rural Utilities Cooperative Financial Corporation ("CFC") a related party because CFC owns approximately of Farmer Mac's Class A voting common stock and because a member of Farmer Mac's board of directors had an affiliation with CFC through June 2021. 
 LTSPCs On-balance sheet AgVantage Securities Total purchases and guarantees 
 
 The transactions with CFC represented of Farmer Mac's loan purchase volume under the Rural Infrastructure Finance line of business for 2022, compared to of Rural Infrastructure Finance loan purchase volume for 2021 and for 2020. These transactions represented , , and of AgVantage securities volume for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and represented , , and of new business volume for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Of Farmer Mac's total outstanding business volume as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Rural Utilities loans, loans under LTSPCs, and AgVantage securities issued by CFC represented and , respectively. 
 
 Farmer Mac had interest receivable of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and earned interest income of million, million, and million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, related to its AgVantage transactions with CFC. 
 
 As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, Farmer Mac had million of commitment fees receivable from CFC and earned commitment fees of million , million, and million, respectively for 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 CFC retained servicing fees of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, for its work as a Farmer Mac central servicer. 
 
 CoBank : 
 
 Farmer Mac considers CoBank a related party because CoBank owns approximately of Farmer Mac's Class B voting common stock. 
 
 Farmer Mac purchased million, million, and million of loans and participations from CoBank, under the Rural Infrastructure Finance line of business in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The transactions with CoBank represented , , and of Farmer Mac's loan 
 
 141 

and , respectively, of total outstanding volume. 
 
 CoBank retained servicing fees of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, for its work as a Farmer Mac central servicer. 
 
 AgFirst Farm Credit Bank : 
 
 Farmer Mac considers AgFirst Farm Credit Bank ("AgFirst") a related party because AgFirst owns approximately of Farmer Mac's Class B voting common stock. 
 
 AgFirst entered into , million, and million of Agricultural Finance LTSPC transactions in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and the aggregate balance of Agricultural Finance LTSPCs outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. In each of 2022, 2021, and 2020, Farmer Mac received million in commitment fees from AgFirst, and had million of commitment fees receivable as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 AgFirst owns certain securities backed by rural housing loans. Farmer Mac guarantees the last percent of losses (based on the original principal balance at the time of pooling) from each loan in the pool backing those securities. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance of those securities owned by AgFirst was million and million, respectively. Farmer Mac received guarantee fees of , , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, on those securities. 
 
 Farm Credit Bank of Texas : 
 
 Farmer Mac considers Farm Credit Bank of Texas a related party because the bank owns approximately of Farmer Mac's Class B voting common stock. Farmer Mac received from Farm Credit Bank of Texas commitment fees of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The aggregate amount of Agricultural Finance LTSPCs outstanding with Farm Credit Bank of Texas as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. In each of 2022, 2021, and 2020, Farm Credit Bank of Texas retained million in servicing fees for its work as a Farmer Mac central servicer. 
 
 Other Related Party Transactions : 
 
 Farmer Mac considers Bath State Bank and Farm Credit of Florida related parties because a member of Farmer Mac's board of directors is affiliated with those entities. Farmer Mac purchased , million, and million in USDA Securities from Bath State Bank in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Farmer Mac purchased million and million in Agricultural Finance mortgage loans from Bath State Bank in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Farmer Mac did not purchase any Agricultural Finance mortgage loans from Bath State Bank in 2020. 
 
 Farmer Mac purchased , million, and million of Agricultural Finance mortgage loans from Farm Credit of Florida in 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

142 

4. 
 
 ) ) Floating rate Government/GSE guaranteed mortgage-backed securities ) ) Fixed rate GSE guaranteed mortgage-backed securities ) ) Fixed rate U.S. Treasuries ) ) Total available-for-sale ) ) ) Held-to-maturity: Floating rate Government/GSE guaranteed mortgage-backed securities (3) 
 Total held-to-maturity 
 (1) Amounts presented exclude million of accrued interest receivable on investment securities as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Represents the amount of impairment that has resulted from credit-related factors, and therefore was recognized in the consolidated statement of operations as a provision for losses. Amount excludes unrealized losses relating to non-credit factors. 
 (3) The held-to-maturity investment securities had a weighted average yield of as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Amount Outstanding Unamortized Premium/(Discount) Amortized 
 Cost (1) 
 Allowance for losses (2) 
 Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value (in thousands) Available-for-sale: Floating rate auction-rate certificates backed by Government guaranteed student loans ) ) Floating rate Government/GSE guaranteed mortgage-backed securities ) Fixed rate GSE guaranteed mortgage-backed securities ) Fixed rate U.S. Treasuries ) Total available-for-sale ) ) Held-to-maturity: Floating rate Government/GSE guaranteed mortgage-backed securities (3) 
 Total held-to-maturity 
 (1) Amounts presented exclude million of accrued interest receivable on investment securities as of December 31, 2021. 
 (2) Represents the amount of impairment that has resulted from credit-related factors, and therefore was recognized in the consolidated statement of operations as a provision for losses. Amount excludes unrealized losses relating to non-credit factors. 
 (3) The held-to-maturity investment securities had a weighted average yield of as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Farmer Mac did t sell any securities from its available-for-sale investment portfolio during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Farmer Mac received proceeds of million, from the sale of securities from its available-for-sale investment portfolio, resulting in gains of million. 

143 

) Floating rate Government/GSE guaranteed mortgage-backed securities ) ) Fixed rate Government/GSE guaranteed mortgage-backed securities ) ) Fixed rate U.S. Treasuries ) ) Total ) ) Number of securities in loss position 
 As of December 31, 2021 Available-for-Sale Securities Unrealized loss position for less than 12 months Unrealized loss position for more than 12 months Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss (dollars in thousands) Floating rate auction-rate certificates backed by Government guaranteed student loans ) Floating rate Government/GSE guaranteed mortgage-backed securities ) ) Fixed rate Government/GSE guaranteed mortgage-backed securities ) Fixed rate U.S. Treasuries ) ) Total ) ) Number of securities in loss position 
 
 The unrealized losses presented above are principally due to a general widening of market spreads and changes in the levels of interest rates from the dates of acquisition to December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, as applicable. The resulting decrease in fair values reflects an increase in the perceived risk by the financial markets related to those securities. As of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, all of the investment securities in an unrealized loss position either were backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government or had credit ratings of at least "AA+." 
 
 Securities in unrealized loss positions for 12 months or longer have a fair value as of December 31, 2022 that is, on average, approximately of their amortized cost basis. Farmer Mac believes that all of these unrealized losses are recoverable within a reasonable period of time by way of maturity or changes in credit spreads. 

144 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total 

5. 
 
 ) ) ) Farmer Mac Guaranteed USDA Securities ) Total Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities ) ) ) USDA Securities ) Total held-to-maturity ) ) Available-for-sale: AgVantage ) ) Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities (3) 
 ) Total available-for-sale ) ) Trading: USDA Securities (4) 
 ) 
 (1) Amounts presented exclude million, million, and of accrued interest receivable on available-for-sale, held-to-maturity, and trading securities, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Represents the amount of impairment that has resulted from credit-related factors, and therefore was recognized in the statement of financial operations as a provision for losses. Amount excludes unrealized losses relating to non-credit factors. 
 (3) Fair value includes million of an interest-only security with a notional amount of million. 
 (4) The trading USDA securities had a weighted average yield of as of December 31, 2022. 

145 

) ) Farmer Mac Guaranteed USDA Securities Total Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities ) ) USDA Securities Total held-to-maturity ) ) Available-for-sale: AgVantage ) ) Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities (3) 
 Total available-for-sale ) ) Trading: USDA Securities (4) 
 ) 
 (1) Amounts presented exclude million, million, and million of accrued interest receivable on available-for-sale, held-to-maturity, and trading securities, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. 
 (2) Represents the amount of impairment that has resulted from credit-related factors, and therefore was recognized in the statement of financial operations as a provision for losses. Amount excludes unrealized losses relating to non-credit factors. 
 (3) Fair value includes million of an interest-only security with a notional amount of million. 
 (4) The trading USDA securities had a weighted average yield of as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 ) ) Farmer Mac Guaranteed USDA Securities ) USDA Securities ) Total held-to-maturity ) ) Available-for-sale: AgVantage ) ) Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities ) Total available-for-sale ) ) 

146 

) Available-for-sale: AgVantage ) ) 
 
 The unrealized losses presented above are principally due to changes in interest rates from the date of acquisition to December 31, 2022 and 2021, as applicable. 
 
 The credit exposure related to Farmer Mac's USDA Securities in the Agricultural Finance line of business is covered by the full faith and credit guarantee of the United States of America. 
 
 The unrealized losses from AgVantage securities were on and available-for-sale securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were and held-to-maturity AgVantage securities with an unrealized loss as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and available-for-sale AgVantage securities, respectively, had been in a loss position for more than 12 months. As of December 31, 2022, there were held-to-maturity AgVantage securities in a loss position for more than 12 months. As of December 31, 2021, there were held-to-maturity AgVantage securities in a loss position for more than 12 months. 
 
 During the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, Farmer Mac had no sales of AgVantage Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities, USDA Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities or USDA Trading Securities and, therefore, Farmer Mac realized no gains or losses. 
 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total 
 (1) Amounts presented exclude million of accrued interest receivable. 
 
 147 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total 
 (1) Amounts presented exclude million of accrued interest receivable. 

6. 

148 

million and million of accrued interest receivable and million and million of accrued interest payable on uncleared swaps as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The aforementioned accrued interest on uncleared swaps is included within Accrued Interest Receivable and Accrued Interest Payable on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Table 6.1 As of December 31, 2022 Fair Value Weighted- Average Pay Rate Weighted- Average Receive Rate Weighted- Average Forward Price Weighted- Average Remaining Term (in years) Notional Amount Asset (Liability) (dollars in thousands) Fair value hedges: Interest rate swaps: Receive fixed non-callable ) Pay fixed non-callable ) Receive fixed callable ) Cash flow hedges: Interest rate swaps: Pay fixed non-callable No hedge designation: Interest rate swaps: Pay fixed non-callable ) Receive fixed non-callable ) Basis swaps ) Treasury futures ) Netting adjustments (1) 
 ) Total financial derivatives ) 
 (1) Amounts represent the application of the netting requirements that allow Farmer Mac to settle positive and negative positions, including accrued interest, held or placed with the same clearing agent. 
 
 149 

) Receive fixed non-callable ) Receive fixed callable ) Cash flow hedges: Interest rate swaps: Pay fixed non-callable ) No hedge designation: Interest rate swaps: Pay fixed non-callable ) Receive fixed non-callable ) Basis swaps ) Treasury futures Credit valuation adjustment Netting adjustments (1) 
 ) Total financial derivatives ) 

As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac expects to reclassify million after-tax from accumulated other comprehensive income to earnings over the next twelve months related to cash flow hedges. This amount could differ from amounts actually recognized due to changes in interest rates, hedge de-designations, and the addition of other hedges after December 31, 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, there were gains or losses from interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges reclassified to earnings because it was probable that the originally forecasted transactions would occur. 

150 

) Income/(expense) related to interest settlements on fair value hedging relationships: Recognized on derivatives ) ) ) ) Recognized on hedged items ) Premium/discount amortization recognized on hedged items ) ) ) Income/(expense) related to interest settlements on fair value hedging relationships ) Gains/(losses) on fair value hedging relationships: Recognized on derivatives ) Recognized on hedged items ) ) ) ) Gains/(losses) on fair value hedging relationships ) ) Expense related to interest settlements on cash flow hedging relationships: Interest settlements reclassified from AOCI into net income on derivatives Recognized on hedged items ) ) Discount amortization recognized on hedged items ) ) Expense recognized on cash flow hedges ) ) Gains on financial derivatives not designated in hedging relationships: Gains on interest rate swaps Interest expense on interest rate swaps ) ) Treasury futures Gains on financial derivatives not designated in hedge relationships 
 
 151 

) Income/(expense) related to interest settlements on fair value hedging relationships: Recognized on derivatives ) ) ) ) Recognized on hedged items ) Discount amortization recognized on hedged items ) ) Income/(expense) related to interest settlements on fair value hedging relationships ) Gains/(losses) on fair value hedging relationships: Recognized on derivatives ) Recognized on hedged items ) ) ) ) Gains/(losses) on fair value hedging relationships ) ) ) Expense related to interest settlements on cash flow hedging relationships: Interest settlements reclassified from AOCI into net income on derivatives ) ) Recognized on hedged items ) ) Discount amortization recognized on hedged items ) ) Expense recognized on cash flow hedges ) ) Gains on financial derivatives not designated in hedge relationships: Losses on interest rate swaps ) ) Interest expense on interest rate swaps Treasury futures ) ) Gains on financial derivatives not designated in hedge relationships 
 
 152 

) Income/(expense) related to interest settlements on fair value hedging relationships: Recognized on derivatives ) ) ) Recognized on hedged items ) Discount amortization recognized on hedged items ) ) Income/(expense) related to interest settlements on fair value hedging relationships ) Gains/(losses) on fair value hedging relationships: Recognized on derivatives ) ) ) Recognized on hedged items ) Gains/(losses) on fair value hedging relationships ) ) ) Expense related to interest settlements on cash flow hedging relationships: Interest settlements reclassified from AOCI into net income on derivatives ) ) Recognized on hedged items ) ) Discount amortization recognized on hedged items ) ) Expense recognized on cash flow hedges ) ) Gains on financial derivatives not designated in hedge relationships: Losses on interest rate swaps ) ) Interest expense on interest rate swaps Treasury futures ) ) Gains on financial derivatives not designated in hedge relationships 

153 

) ) Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities, Available-for-Sale, at fair value ) Loans held for investment, at amortized cost ) Notes Payable (1) 
 ) ) 
 (1) Carrying amount represents amortized cost. 
 
 ) Cleared derivatives ) Total ) ) Liabilities: Uncleared derivatives ) ) ) Cleared derivatives ) Total ) ) ) 
 (1) Amounts presented may not agree to the consolidated balance sheet related to counterparties not subject to master netting agreements. 
 (2) Cash collateral excludes million of collateral posted related to counterparties not subject to master netting agreements. 
 
 154 

) Cleared derivatives ) Total ) ) Liabilities: Uncleared derivatives ) ) ) Cleared derivatives ) ) Total ) ) 
 (1) Amounts presented may not agree to the consolidated balance sheet related to counterparties not subject to master netting agreements. 
 million of collateral posted related to counterparties not subject to master netting agreements. 
 
 Farmer Mac records posted cash as a reduction in the outstanding balance of cash and cash equivalents and an increase in the balance of prepaid expenses and other assets. Any investment securities posted as collateral are included in the investment securities balances on the consolidated balance sheets. If Farmer Mac had breached certain provisions of the derivative contracts as of December 31, 2022 or 2021, it could have been required to settle its obligations under the agreements, but would not have been required to post additional collateral. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were financial derivatives in a net payable position where Farmer Mac was required to pledge collateral which the counterparty had the right to sell or repledge. 
 
 Of Farmer Mac's billion notional amount of interest rate swaps outstanding as of December 31, 2022, billion were cleared through the swap clearinghouse, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange ("CME"). Of Farmer Mac's billion notional amount of interest rate swaps outstanding as of December 31, 2021, billion were cleared through the CME. During 2022 and throughout 2021, Farmer Mac continued the use of non-cleared basis swaps to prepare for the transition away from the use of LIBOR as a reference rate. 

7. 
 
 year or less, whereas medium-term notes generally have maturities of years to years. 

155 

Medium-term notes Current portion of medium-term notes Total due within one year Due after one year: Medium-term notes due in: Two years Three years Four years Five years Thereafter Total due after one year Total principal net of discounts Hedging adjustments ) Total 
 
 December 31, 2021 Outstanding as of December 31 Average Outstanding During the Year Amount Weighted- Average Rate Amount Weighted- Average Rate (dollars in thousands) Due within one year: Discount notes Medium-term notes Current portion of medium-term notes Total due within one year Due after one year: Medium-term notes due in: Two years Three years Four years Five years Thereafter Total due after one year Total principal net of discounts Hedging adjustments ) Total 
 
 The maximum amount of Farmer Mac's discount notes outstanding at any month end during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was billion and billion, respectively. 

156 

2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total principal net of discounts 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Farmer Mac called million and billion of callable medium-term notes, respectively. 
 
 Authority to Borrow from the U.S. Treasury 
 
 Farmer Mac's statutory charter authorizes it, upon satisfying certain conditions, to borrow up to billion from the U.S. Treasury through the issuance of debt obligations to the U.S. Treasury. Any funds borrowed from the U.S. Treasury may be used solely to fulfill Farmer Mac's guarantee obligations. Any debt obligations issued by Farmer Mac under this authority would bear interest at a rate determined by the U.S. Treasury, taking into consideration the average rate on outstanding marketable obligations of the United States as of the last day of the last calendar month ending before the date of the purchase of the obligations from Farmer Mac. The charter requires Farmer Mac to repurchase any of its debt obligations held by the U.S. Treasury within a reasonable time. As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac had not used this borrowing authority. 
 
 157 

million and million of outstanding debt at a gain of million and million, respectively. 

8. 
 
 loans held for sale, respectively. 
 
 Under the Agricultural Finance line of business, Farmer Mac has segments Farm Ranch and Corporate AgFinance. The segments are characterized by similarities in risk attributes and the manner in which Farmer Mac monitors and assesses credit risk. 
 
 Corporate AgFinance Total Agricultural Finance loans Rural Infrastructure Finance loans Total unpaid principal balance (1) 
 Unamortized premiums, discounts, fair value hedge basis adjustment, and other cost basis adjustments ) ) Total loans Allowance for losses ) ) ) ) ) ) Total loans, net of allowance 

158 

Corporate AgFinance Total Agricultural Finance Loans Rural Infrastructure Finance loans Total 
 
 The following is a summary of the changes in the allowance for losses for each year in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Table 8.3 Agricultural Finance loans Rural Infrastructure Finance loans Farm Ranch Corporate AgFinance Total (in thousands) Balance as of December 31, 2019 (1) 
 Cumulative effect adjustment from adoption of current expected credit loss standard ) ) ) Adjusted Beginning Balance Provision for losses ) Charge-offs ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 (2) 
 (Release of)/provision for losses ) ) Recovery Balance as of December 31, 2021 (3)(4)(5) 
 Provision for/(release of) losses ) Charge-offs ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 (3)(4)(5) 
 
 (1) Prior to the adoption of ASU 2016-13, "Financial Instruments - Credit Losses," effective January 1, 2020, Farmer Mac maintained an allowance for loan losses to cover estimated probable incurred losses on loans held. 
 (2) Allowance for losses reflects the adoption of ASU 2016-13, "Financial Instruments - Credit Losses," effective January 1, 2020 
 (3) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, allowance for losses for Agricultural Finance Farm Ranch loans includes million and allowance for collateral dependent assets secured by agricultural real estate, respectively. 
 (4) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, allowance for losses for Agricultural Finance Corporate AgFinance loans includes million and allowance for collateral dependent assets secured by agricultural real estate, respectively. 
 allowance for collateral dependent assets. 
 
 The million net release from the allowance for the Rural Infrastructure Finance portfolio during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to a risk rating upgrade on a single loan and improvements in forecasts of future economic conditions. The risk rating upgrade on that loan reflected 
 
 159 

million net provision to the allowance for the Agricultural Finance mortgage loan portfolio during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to a risk rating downgrade on a single agricultural storage and processing loan, due to its ongoing bankruptcy proceedings. 
 
 The provision to the allowance for Rural Infrastructure Finance loan losses of million recorded 
 during the year ended 2021 was primarily attributable to the impact of the Texas Arctic Freeze, partially 
 offset by the impact of improving economic factor forecasts. The million release from the allowance 
 for the Agricultural Finance mortgage loan portfolio during the year ended 2021 was primarily attributable 
 to a recovery on the payoff of the agricultural storage and processing loan secured by a specialized poultry 
 facility that had been partially charged off in 2020 and improving economic factor forecasts. 
 
 The provision to the allowance for Rural Infrastructure Finance loan losses of million recorded 
 during the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily attributable to the impact of net new loan volume 
 in the portfolio and the impact of economic factor forecasts, especially continued expected higher 
 unemployment, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting economic volatility. The 
 provision to the allowance for Agricultural Finance mortgage loans of million recorded during the 
 year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily related to an agricultural storage and processing loan 
 secured by a specialized poultry facility that Farmer Mac has deemed to be a CDA. The provision was 
 more than offset by charge-offs from the allowance of million, primarily related to the specialized 
 poultry loan because a portion of the loan was deemed to be uncollectible. 
 
 Corporate AgFinance Total Agricultural Finance loans Rural Infrastructure Finance loans Total 
 (1) Amounts represent unpaid principal balance of risk-rated loans, which is the basis Farmer Mac uses to analyze its portfolio, and recorded investment of past due loans. 
 (2) Includes loans in consolidated trusts with beneficial interests owned by third parties that are 90 days or more past due. 
 (3) Includes loans that are 90 days or more past due, in foreclosure, or in bankruptcy with at least one missed payment, excluding loans performing under either their original loan terms or a court-approved bankruptcy plan. 
 (4) Includes million of nonaccrual loans for which there was no associated allowance. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac received million in interest on nonaccrual loans, respectively. 

160 

Corporate AgFinance Total Agricultural Finance loans Rural Infrastructure Finance loans Total 
 (1) Amounts represent unpaid principal balance of risk-rated loans, which is the basis Farmer Mac uses to analyze its portfolio, and recorded investment of past due loans. 
 (2) Includes loans in consolidated trusts with beneficial interests owned by third parties that are 90 days or more past due. 
 (3) Includes loans that are 90 days or more past due, in foreclosure, or in bankruptcy with at least one missed payment, excluding loans performing under either their original loan terms or a court-approved bankruptcy plan. 
 (4) Includes million of nonaccrual loans for which there was no associated allowance. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Farmer Mac received million in interest on nonaccrual loans. 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 
 Special mention (2) 
 Substandard (3) 
 Total For the Year Ended: Current period charge-offs ) ) Current period recoveries Current period Agricultural Finance net charge-offs ) ) 
 (1) Amounts represent unpaid principal balance of risk-rated loans, which is the basis Farmer Mac uses to analyze its portfolio, and recorded investment of past due loans. 
 (2) Assets in the "Special mention" category generally have potential weaknesses due to performance issues but are currently considered to be adequately secured. 
 (3) Substandard assets have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses and there is a distinct possibility that some loss will be sustained if deficiencies are not corrected. 

161 

Special mention (2) 
 Substandard (3) 
 Total For the Year Ended: Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period Agricultural Finance net charge-offs 
 (1) Amounts represent unpaid principal balance of risk-rated loans, which is the basis Farmer Mac uses to analyze its portfolio, and recorded investment of past due loans. 
 (2) Assets in the "Special mention" category generally have potential weaknesses due to performance issues but are currently considered to be adequately secured. 
 (3) Substandard assets have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses and there is a distinct possibility that some loss will be sustained if deficiencies are not corrected. 

As of December 31, 2022 Year of Origination: 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior Revolving Loans - Amortized Cost Basis Total (in thousands) Rural Infrastructure Finance loans (1) : 
 Internally Assigned Risk Rating: Acceptable Special mention (2) 
 Substandard (3) 
 Total For the Year Ended: Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period Rural Infrastructure net charge-offs 
 (1) Amounts represent unpaid principal balance of risk-rated loans, which is the basis Farmer Mac uses to analyze its portfolio, and recorded investment of past due loans. 
 (2) Assets in the "Special mention" category generally have potential weaknesses due to performance issues but are currently considered to be adequately secured. 
 (3) Substandard assets have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses and there is a distinct possibility that some loss will be sustained if deficiencies are not corrected. 

162 

Special mention (2) 
 Substandard (3) 
 Total For the Year Ended: 
 Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries ) ) Current period Agricultural Finance net recoveries ) ) 
 (1) Amounts represent unpaid principal balance of risk-rated loans, which is the basis Farmer Mac uses to analyze its portfolio, and recorded investment of past due loans. 
 (2) Assets in the "Special mention" category generally have potential weaknesses due to performance issues but are currently considered to be adequately secured. 
 (3) Substandard assets have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses and there is a distinct possibility that some loss will be sustained if deficiencies are not corrected. 

As of December 31, 2021 Year of Origination: 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Revolving Loans - Amortized Cost Basis Total (in thousands) Agricultural Finance - Corporate AgFinance loans (1) : 
 Internally Assigned Risk Rating: Acceptable Special mention (2) 
 Substandard (3) 
 Total For the Year Ended: 
 Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period Agricultural Finance net recoveries 
 (1) Amounts represent unpaid principal balance of risk-rated loans, which is the basis Farmer Mac uses to analyze its portfolio, and recorded investment of past due loans. 
 (2) Assets in the "Special mention" category generally have potential weaknesses due to performance issues but are currently considered to be adequately secured. 
 (3) Substandard assets have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses and there is a distinct possibility that some loss will be sustained if deficiencies are not corrected. 

163 

Special mention (2) 
 Substandard (3) 
 Total For the Year Ended: Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period Rural Infrastructure net charge-offs 
 (1) Amounts represent unpaid principal balance of risk-rated loans, which is the basis Farmer Mac uses to analyze its portfolio, and recorded investment of past due loans. 
 (2) Assets in the "Special mention" category generally have potential weaknesses due to performance issues but are currently considered to be adequately secured. 
 (3) Substandard assets have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses and there is a distinct possibility that some loss will be sustained if deficiencies are not corrected. 

9. 
 
 classes of common stock outstanding: 
 
 Class A voting common stock, which may be held only by banks, insurance companies, and other financial institutions or similar entities that are not institutions of the Farm Credit System. By federal statute, no holder of Class A voting common stock may directly or indirectly be a beneficial owner of more than 33 of the outstanding shares of Class A voting common stock. 
 Class B voting common stock, which may be held only by institutions of the Farm Credit System. There are no restrictions on the maximum holdings of Class B voting common stock. 
 Class C non-voting common stock, which has no ownership restrictions. 
 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020, Farmer Mac paid a quarterly dividend of , , and per share on all classes of its common stock. Farmer Mac's ability to declare and pay dividends on its common stock could be restricted if it fails to comply with applicable capital requirements. 
 
 Farmer Mac's board of directors approved a share repurchase program during third quarter 2015 authorizing Farmer Mac to repurchase up to million of its outstanding Class C non-voting common stock. The share repurchase program, last modified on March 14, 2019, authorized Farmer Mac to repurchase up to million of Farmer Mac's outstanding Class C non-voting common stock. During 
 
 164 

shares of Class C non-voting common stock at a cost of approximately million. Shortly after these repurchases were completed, Farmer Mac indefinitely suspended its share repurchase program in an effort to preserve capital and liquidity in view of market volatility and uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. In March 2021, Farmer Mac's board of directors reinstated the share repurchase program on its previous terms (with a remaining authorization of up to million in stock repurchases) and extended the expiration date of the program to March 2023. Farmer Mac did t repurchase any shares of its Class C non-voting common stock during 2022. As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac had repurchased approximately shares of Class C non-voting common stock at a cost of approximately million under the share repurchase program since 2015. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 July 18, 2024 Series D (2) 
 May 13, 2019 July 17, 2024 Series E May 20, 2020 July 17, 2025 Series F August 20, 2020 October 17, 2025 Series G May 27, 2021 July 17, 2026 
 (1) The Series C Preferred Stock pays an annual dividend rate of from the date of issuance to and including the quarterly payment date occurring on July 17, 2024, and thereafter, at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus . 
 (2) Farmer Mac has the option to redeem the preferred stock on any quarterly dividend payment date on and after July 17, 2024. 
 (3) Dividends on all series of Outstanding Preferred Stock are non-cumulative, which means that if Farmer Mac's board of directors has not declared a dividend before the applicable dividend payment date for any dividend period, such dividend will not be paid or cumulate, and Farmer Mac will have no obligation to pay dividends for such dividend period, whether or not dividends on any series of Outstanding Preferred Stock are declared for any future dividend period. 

Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C 
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D 
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series E 
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F 
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series G 

165 

Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C 
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D 
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series E 
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F 
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series G 
 
 (1) For second quarter 2021, dividend payment includes per share on the Series G Preferred Stock for the period from but not including May 27, 2021 (issuance date) to and including July 17, 2021. 
 
 2020 1st Quarter 2nd Quarter (1) 
 3rd Quarter (2)(3) 
 4th Quarter Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A 
 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C 
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D 
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series E 
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F 
 
 (1) For second quarter 2020, dividend payment includes per share on the Series E Preferred Stock for the period from but not including May 20, 2020 (issuance date) to and including July 17, 2020. 
 (2) For third quarter 2020 dividend payment includes per share on the Series A Preferred Stock for the period from but not including July 17, 2020 to and including the September 19, 2020 redemption date. 
 (3) For third quarter 2020, dividend payment includes per share on the Series F Preferred Stock for the period from but not including August 20, 2020 (issuance date) to and including October 17, 2020. 
 
 Equity-Based Incentive Compensation Plans 
 
 Farmer Mac's Amended and Restated 2008 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan authorizes the grant of restricted stock and SARs, among other alternative forms of equity-based compensation, to Farmer Mac's directors, officers, and employees. SARs awarded to officers and employees vest annually in thirds. Farmer Mac has not granted SARs to directors since 2008. If not exercised or cancelled earlier due to the termination of employment, SARs granted to officers or employees expire after years from the grant date. For all SARs granted, the exercise price is equal to the closing price of Farmer Mac's Class C non-voting common stock on the date of grant. SARs granted during 2022 have an exercise price of per share, SARs granted during 2021 have an exercise price of per share, and SARs granted during 2020 have an exercise price ranging from to per share. During 2022, 2021, and 2020, restricted stock awards were granted to employees, officers, and directors with vesting periods of one to . 

166 

Granted Exercised ) ) ) Canceled ) Outstanding, end of year Exercisable at end of year For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Non-vested Restricted Stock Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value Non-vested Restricted Stock Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value Non-vested Restricted Stock Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value Outstanding, beginning of year Granted Canceled ) ) ) Vested and issued ) ) ) Outstanding, end of year 
 
 The cancellations of SARs and non-vested restricted stock during 2022, 2021, and 2020 were due to unvested awards terminating in accordance with the provisions of the applicable equity compensation plans or award agreements upon directors' or employees' departures from Farmer Mac. 
 
 Cash is not received from exercises of SARs or the vesting and issuance of restricted stock. During 2022, 2021, and 2020, the reduction of income taxes payable as a result of the deduction for the exercise of SARs and the vesting or accelerated tax elections of restricted stock was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020 , Farmer Mac recorded a net decrease to additional paid-in capital of million, million, and million, respectively, related to stock-based compensation awards. 

167 

- 
 years years years - 
 years years years - 
 years years years - 
 years years years - 
 years years years - 
 years years years - 
 years years years Non-vested Restricted Stock: Outstanding Expected to Vest Weighted- Average Grant-Date Fair Value Non-vested Restricted Stock Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life Non-vested Restricted Stock Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life - 
 years years - 
 years years - 
 years years - 
 years years - 
 years years 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the intrinsic value of SARs, and non-vested restricted stock outstanding, exercisable, and vested or expected to vest was million and million, respectively. During 2022, 2021, and 2020, the total intrinsic value of SARs exercised was million, million, and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested SARs and restricted stock awards. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 The weighted-average grant date fair values of SARs and restricted stock awards granted in 2022, 2021, and 2020 were , , and per share, respectively. Under the fair value-based method of accounting for stock-based compensation cost, Farmer Mac recognized compensation expense of million, million, and million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

168 

Expected years until exercise years years years Expected stock volatility Dividend yield 
 
 The risk-free interest rates used in the model were based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the grant date. Farmer Mac used historical data to estimate the timing of option exercises and stock option cancellation rates used in the model. Expected volatilities were based on historical volatility of Farmer Mac's Class C non-voting common stock. The dividend yields were based on the expected dividends as a percentage of the value of Farmer Mac's Class C non-voting common stock on the grant date. 
 
 Because restricted stock awards will be issued upon vesting regardless of the stock price, expected stock volatility is not considered in determining grant date fair value. Restricted stock awards also accrue dividends which are paid at vesting. The weighted-average grant date fair value of the restricted stock awarded in 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and per share, respectively, which is based on the closing price of the stock on the date granted. 
 
 Capital Requirements 
 
 Farmer Mac is required to comply with the higher of the minimum capital requirement and the risk-based capital requirement. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the minimum capital requirement was greater than the risk-based capital requirement. Farmer Mac's ability to declare and pay dividends could be restricted if it fails to comply with applicable capital requirements. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Farmer Mac's minimum capital requirement was million and its core capital level was billion, which was million above the minimum capital requirement as of that date. As of December 31, 2021, Farmer Mac's minimum capital requirement was million and its core capital level was billion, which was million above the minimum capital requirement as of that date. 

169 

10. 

Deferred income tax expense ) ) Income tax expense 
 
 Excess tax benefits related to stock-based awards ) ) ) Other ) Income tax expense Statutory tax rate 

170 

Unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities Allowance for losses Compensation and Benefits Stock-based compensation Basis differences related to financial derivatives Unrealized losses on cash flow hedges Basis difference related to structured securitizations Capital loss carryforwards Valuation allowance ) ) Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liability: Basis differences related to financial derivatives Unrealized gains on cash flow hedges Basis difference related to structured securitizations Basis differences related to hedged items Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities Other Total deferred tax liability Net deferred tax asset 
 
 After the evaluation of both positive and negative objective evidence regarding the likelihood that its deferred tax assets will be realized, Farmer Mac established a valuation allowance of , as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, which was attributable to capital loss carryforwards on investment securities. Farmer Mac did not establish a valuation allowance for the remainder of its deferred tax assets because it believes it is more likely than not that those deferred tax assets will be realized. As of December 31, 2022, capital loss carryforwards expired. As of December 31, 2022, the amount of capital loss carryforwards was million. These capital loss carryforwards will expire beginning in 2024 . 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Farmer Mac did not identify any uncertain tax positions. 
 
 Farmer Mac did have any unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 Tax years 2019 through 2022 remain subject to examination. 

171 

11. 
 
 of the lesser of an employee's gross salary and the maximum compensation permitted under the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 ("EGTRRA") for 2022, for 2021, and for 2020), plus of the difference between: (1) the lesser of the gross salary and the amount established under EGTRRA and (2) the Social Security Taxable Wage Base. Employees are fully vested after having been employed for approximately years. Expenses for this plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 of the difference between: (1) the amount established under EGTRRA and (2) a participant s gross annual base salary, which for purposes of calculating employer credits under the NQDC Plan is capped at for Farmer Mac s Chief Executive Officer and for all other participants. This fixed contribution percentage is the same formula used for determining employer contributions to Farmer Mac s defined contribution retirement plan based on an employee s gross annual base salary that is above the amount established under EGTRRA for that year. Expenses for the NQDC Plan were million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

12. 
 
 credit enhancement alternatives to direct loan purchases that allow approved lenders the ability to retain the cash flow benefits of their loans and increase their liquidity and lending capacity: (1) Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and (2) LTSPCs, both of which are available through each of the Agricultural Finance and Rural Infrastructure Finance lines of business. 
 
 The contractual terms of Farmer Mac's off-balance sheet guarantees and LTSPCs range from less than year to years. However, the actual term of each guarantee or LTSPC may be significantly less than the contractual term based on the prepayment characteristics of the related loans. Farmer Mac's maximum potential exposure under these off-balance sheet guarantees and LTSPCs is the unpaid principal balance of the underlying loans. Guarantees issued or modified on or after January 1, 2003 are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets. Farmer Mac's maximum potential exposure was billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Farmer Mac's maximum potential exposure for guarantees issued before January 1, 2003, which are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheets, was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The maximum exposure from these guarantees and LTSPCs is not representative of the actual loss Farmer Mac is likely to incur, based on historical loss experience. In the event Farmer Mac was required to make payments under its guarantees or LTSPCs, Farmer Mac would have the right to enforce the terms of the loans, and in the event of default, would have access to the underlying collateral. For information on Farmer Mac's methodology for determining the reserve for losses for its financial guarantees, see Note 2(h). 

172 

Additions to the guarantee and commitment obligation (1) 
 Amortization of the guarantee and commitment obligation ) ) ) Ending balance, December 31 
 (1) Represents the fair value of the guarantee and commitment obligation at inception. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities 
 
 Rural Infrastructure Finance Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities Total off-balance sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities 
 
 Eligible loans and other eligible assets may be placed into trusts that are used as vehicles for the securitization of the transferred assets and the Farmer Mac-guaranteed beneficial interests in the trusts are sold to investors. 
 
 173 

Guarantee fees received 
 Farmer Mac presents a liability for its obligation to stand ready under its guarantee in "Guarantee and commitment obligation" on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Weighted average remaining maturity: Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities years years AgVantage Securities years years 
 
 Long-Term Standby Purchase Commitments 
 
 Farmer Mac has recorded a liability for its obligation to stand ready under the commitment in the guarantee and commitment obligation on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Maximum principal amount Weighted-average remaining maturity years years 
 (1) Relates to LTSPCs issued or modified on or after January 1, 2003. 
 
 Commitments 
 
 Farmer Mac enters into mandatory and optional delivery commitments to purchase loans. Most loan purchase commitments entered into by Farmer Mac are mandatory commitments, in which Farmer Mac charges a fee to extend or cancel the commitment. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, commitments to purchase Agricultural Finance loans and USDA Guarantees totaled million and million, respectively, all of which were mandatory commitments. As of December 31, 2022, there were commitments to purchase Rural Infrastructure loans. Any optional loan purchase commitments are sold forward under optional commitments to deliver Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities that may be canceled by Farmer Mac without penalty. 
 
 174 

Rural Infrastructure Finance Total 

The following is a summary of the changes in the reserve for losses for the three-year period ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Table 12.7 
 Agricultural Finance loans Rural Infrastructure Finance loans Reserve for Losses Reserve for Losses (in thousands) Balance as of December 31, 2019 (1) 
 Cumulative effect adjustment from adoption of current expected credit loss standard ) Adjusted Beginning Balance Provision for losses Balance as of December 31, 2020 (2) 
 Release of losses ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Release of losses ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 (1) Prior to the adoption of ASU 2016-13, "Financial Instruments - Credit Losses," in first quarter 2020, Farmer Mac maintained a reserve for losses to cover estimated probable incurred losses on loans underlying LTSPCs and off-balance sheet Agricultural Finance Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities. 

The release from the reserve for losses in the Rural Infrastructure Finance LTSPC portfolio recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to decreased volume and ratings upgrades. The release from the reserve for losses in the Agricultural Finance LTSPC portfolio was primarily due to ratings upgrades. 
 
 The release from the reserve for losses in both the Agricultural Finance and Rural Infrastructure Finance 
 LTSPC and Farmer Mac Guaranteed portfolios recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021 was 
 primarily due to improving economic factor forecasts and ratings upgrades. 
 
 The provision to the reserve for losses recorded during the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily 
 due to credit downgrades in the LTSPC portfolio. 

175 

Rural Infrastructure Finance: Total 
 (1) Includes loans underlying off-balance sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs that are 90 days of more past due, in foreclosure, or in bankruptcy with at least one missed payment, excluding loans performing under either their original loan terms or a court-approved bankruptcy plan. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Current 30-59 Days 60-89 Days 90 Days and Greater (1) 
 Total Past Due Total Loans (in thousands) Agricultural Finance: Rural Infrastructure: Total 
 (1) Includes loans underlying off-balance sheet Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs that are 90 days of more past due, in foreclosure, or in bankruptcy with at least one missed payment, excluding loans performing under either their original loan terms or a court-approved bankruptcy plan. 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators 

176 

Special mention (1) 
 Substandard (2) 
 Total For the Year Ended: 
 Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period Agricultural Finance net charge-offs 
 (1) Assets in the "Special mention" category generally have potential weaknesses due to performance issues but are currently considered to be adequately secured. 
 (2) Substandard assets have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses and there is a distinct possibility that some loss will be sustained if deficiencies are not corrected. 

As of December 31, 2022 Year of Origination: 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior Revolving Loans - Amortized Cost Basis Total (in thousands) Rural Infrastructure Finance: Internally Assigned Risk Rating: Acceptable Special mention (1) 
 Substandard (2) 
 Total For the Year Ended: 
 Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period Rural Infrastructure net charge-offs 
 (1) Assets in the "Special mention" category generally have potential weaknesses due to performance issues but are currently considered to be adequately secured. 
 (2) Substandard assets have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses and there is a distinct possibility that some loss will be sustained if deficiencies are not corrected. 
 
 177 

Special mention (1) 
 Substandard (2) 
 Total For the Year Ended: 
 Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period Agricultural Finance net charge-offs 
 (1) Assets in the "Special mention" category generally have potential weaknesses due to performance issues but are currently considered to be adequately secured. 
 (2) Substandard assets have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses and there is a distinct possibility that some loss will be sustained if deficiencies are not corrected. 

As of December 31, 2021 Year of Origination: 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Revolving Loans - Amortized Cost Basis Total (in thousands) Rural Infrastructure Finance: Internally Assigned Risk Rating: Acceptable Special mention (1) 
 Substandard (2) 
 Total For the Year Ended: Current period charge-offs Current period recoveries Current period Rural Infrastructure net charge-offs 
 (1) Assets in the "Special mention" category generally have potential weaknesses due to performance issues but are currently considered to be adequately secured. 
 (2) Substandard assets have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses and there is a distinct possibility that some loss will be sustained if deficiencies are not corrected. 

178 

13. 
 
 Floating rate Government/GSE guaranteed mortgage-backed securities Fixed rate GSE guaranteed mortgage-backed securities Fixed rate U.S. Treasuries Total Available-for-sale Investment Securities Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities: Available-for-sale: AgVantage Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities Total Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities USDA Securities: Trading Total USDA Securities Financial derivatives Guarantee Asset Total Assets at fair value Liabilities: Financial derivatives Total Liabilities at fair value 
 (1) Level 3 assets represent of total assets and of financial instruments measured at fair value. 
 
 179 

Floating rate Government/GSE guaranteed mortgage-backed securities Fixed rate GSE guaranteed mortgage-backed securities Fixed rate U.S. Treasuries Total Available-for-sale Investment Securities Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities: Available-for-sale: AgVantage Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities Total Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities USDA Securities: Trading Total USDA Securities Financial derivatives Guarantee Asset Total Assets at fair value Liabilities: Financial derivatives Total Liabilities at fair value Non-recurring: Assets Mortgage Servicing Rights Total non-recurring assets at fair value 
 (1) Level 3 assets represent of total assets and of financial instruments measured at fair value. 
 
 There were no material assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Transfers in and/or out of the different levels within the fair value hierarchy are based on the fair values of the assets and liabilities as of the beginning of the reporting period. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no transfers within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 180 

) Total available-for-sale ) Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities: Available-for-sale: AgVantage ) ) ) ) Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities ) ) Total available-for-sale ) ) ) ) USDA Securities: Trading ) ) Total USDA Securities ) ) Guarantee and commitment obligations: Guarantee Asset ) ) Total Guarantee and commitment obligations ) ) Total Assets at fair value ) ) ) ) 

181 

) Total available-for-sale ) Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities: Available-for-sale: AgVantage ) ) Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities ) Total available-for-sale ) ) USDA Securities: Trading ) ) Total USDA Securities ) ) Guarantee and commitment obligations: Guarantee Asset Total Guarantee and commitment obligations Total Assets at fair value ) ) 
 
 Level 3 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value for the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Beginning Balance Purchases Settlements Allowance for Losses Realized and unrealized gains included in Income Unrealized gains included in Other Comprehensive Income Ending Balance (in thousands) Recurring: Assets: Investment Securities: Available-for-sale: Floating rate auction-rate certificates backed by Government guaranteed student loans ) Total available-for-sale ) Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities: Available-for-sale: AgVantage ) ) Total available-for-sale ) ) USDA Securities: Trading ) Total USDA Securities ) Total Assets at fair value ) ) 
 
 182 

Indicative bids Range of broker quotes - 
 Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities: AgVantage Discounted cash flow Discount rate - 
 Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities Discounted cash flow Discount rate - 
 CPR 
 USDA Securities Discounted cash flow Discount rate - 
 CPR - 
 Guarantee Asset Discounted cash flow Discount rate - 
 CPR 

As of December 31, 2021 
 Financial Instruments Fair Value Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Range (Weighted-Average) (in thousands) Assets: Investment securities: Floating rate auction-rate certificates backed by Government guaranteed student loans Indicative bids Range of broker quotes - 
 Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities: AgVantage Discounted cash flow Discount rate - 
 Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities Discounted cash flow Discount rate - 
 CPR 
 USDA Securities Discounted cash flow Discount rate - 
 CPR - 
 Guarantee Asset Discounted cash flow Discount rate - 
 CPR - 

The significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurements of AgVantage Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities is the discount rate commensurate with the risks involved. Typically, significant increases (decreases) in this input in isolation may result in materially lower (higher) fair value measurements. Generally, in a rising interest rate environment, Farmer Mac would expect average discount rates to increase. Conversely, in a declining interest rate environment, Farmer Mac would expect average discount rates to decrease. Prepayment rates are not presented in the table above for AgVantage 
 
 183 

Investment securities Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities USDA Securities Loans Financial derivatives Guarantee and commitment fees receivable Financial liabilities: Notes payable Debt securities of consolidated trusts held by third parties Financial derivatives Guarantee and commitment obligations 
 
 The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents is a reasonable estimate of their approximate fair value and is classified as Level 1. The fair value of investments in U.S. Treasuries are valued based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets and are classified as Level 1. A significant portion of Farmer Mac's investment portfolio is valued using a reputable nationally recognized third-party pricing service. The prices obtained are non-binding and generally representative of recent market trades and are classified as Level 2. Farmer Mac internally models the fair value of its loan portfolio, including loans held for investment and loans held for investment in consolidated trusts, Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities, and USDA Securities by discounting the projected cash flows of these instruments at projected interest rates. The fair values are based on the present value of expected cash flows using management's best estimate of certain key assumptions, which include prepayment speeds, forward yield curves and discount rates commensurate with the risks involved. These fair value measurements do not take into consideration the fair value of the underlying property and are classified as Level 3. Financial derivatives primarily are valued using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash payments (or 
 
 184 

14. 
 
 segments: 
 
 Agricultural Finance Rural Infrastructure Finance Treasury Farm Ranch Corporate AgFinance Rural Utilities Renewable Energy Funding Investments Corporate 
 
 The financial information presented below reflects the accounts of Farmer Mac and its subsidiaries on a 
 consolidated basis. Accordingly, the core earnings for Farmer Mac's segments would differ from any stand-alone financial statements of Farmer Mac's subsidiaries. These differences would be due to various factors, including the exclusion of unrealized gains and losses related to fair value changes of trading assets and financial derivatives, as well as the allocation of certain expenses such as operating expenses, dividends and interest expense related to the issuance of capital and the issuance of indebtedness managed at the corporate level. 

185 

) Less: reconciling adjustments (1)(2)(3) 
 ) ) ) Net effective spread ) Guarantee and commitment fees ) Other income/(expense) (3) 
 Total revenues ) (Provision for)/release of losses ) ) ) ) Release of reserve for losses Operating expenses ) ) ) Total non-interest expense ) ) ) Core earnings before income taxes ) ) (4) 
 Income tax (expense)/benefit ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Core earnings before preferred stock dividends ) ) (4) 
 Preferred stock dividends ) ) Segment core earnings/(losses) ) ) (4) 
 Total Assets Total on- and off-balance sheet program assets at principal balance 
 (1) Includes the amortization of premiums and discounts on assets consolidated at fair value, originally included in interest income, to reflect core earnings amounts. 
 (2) Includes the reclassification of interest income and interest expense from consolidated trusts owned by third parties to guarantee and commitment fees, to reflect management's view that the net interest income Farmer Mac earns is effectively a guarantee fee. 
 (3) Includes the reclassification of interest expense related to interest rate swaps not designated as hedges, which are included in "Gains on financial derivatives" on the consolidated financial statements, to determine the effective funding cost for each operating segment. 
 (4) Net adjustments to reconcile to the corresponding income measures: core earnings before income taxes reconciled to income before income taxes; core earnings before preferred stock dividends reconciled to net income; and segment core earnings reconciled to net income attributable to common stockholders. 

186 

Less: reconciling adjustments (1)(2)(3) 
 ) ) Net effective spread Guarantee and commitment fees ) Gain on sale of mortgage loans Other income/(expense) (3) 
 ) Total revenues ) ) Release of/(provision for) losses ) ) ) ) Provision for reserve for losses Operating expenses ) ) Total non-interest expense ) ) Core earnings before income taxes ) ) (4) 
 Income tax (expense)/benefit ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Core earnings before preferred stock dividends ) ) (4) 
 Preferred stock dividends ) ) Segment core earnings/(losses) ) ) (4) 
 Total Assets Total on- and off-balance sheet program assets at principal balance 
 (1) Includes the amortization of premiums and discounts on assets consolidated at fair value, originally included in interest income, to reflect core earnings amounts. 
 (2) Includes the reclassification of interest income and interest expense from consolidated trusts owned by third parties to guarantee and commitment fees, to reflect management's view that the net interest income Farmer Mac earns is effectively a guarantee fee. 
 (3) Includes the reclassification of interest expense related to interest rate swaps not designated as hedges, which are included in "Gains on financial derivatives" on the consolidated financial statements, to determine the effective funding cost for each operating segment. 
 (4) Net adjustments to reconcile to the corresponding income measures: core earnings before income taxes reconciled to income before income taxes; core earnings before preferred stock dividends reconciled to net income; and segment core earnings reconciled to net income attributable to common stockholders. 

187 

Core Earnings by Business Segment For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Agricultural Finance Rural Infrastructure Treasury Corporate Farm Ranch Corporate AgFinance Rural 
 Utilities 
 Renewable Energy Funding Investments Reconciling Adjustments Consolidated Net Income (in thousands) Net interest income ) Less: reconciling adjustments (1)(2)(3) 
 ) ) ) Net effective spread ) ) Guarantee and commitment fees ) Other income/(expense) (3) 
 ) Total revenues ) ) ) (Provision for)/release of losses ) ) ) ) ) Provision for reserve for losses ) ) ) Operating expenses ) ) Total non-interest expense ) ) ) ) Core earnings before income taxes ) ) ) (4) 
 Income tax (expense)/benefit ) ) ) ) ) ) Core earnings before preferred stock dividends ) ) ) (4) 
 Preferred stock dividends ) ) Loss on retirement of preferred stock ) ) Segment core earnings/(losses) ) ) ) (4) 
 Total Assets Total on- and off-balance sheet program assets at principal balance 
 (1) Includes the amortization of premiums and discounts on assets consolidated at fair value, originally included in interest income, to reflect core earnings amounts. 
 (2) Includes the reclassification of interest income and interest expense from consolidated trusts owned by third parties to guarantee and commitment fees, to reflect management's view that the net interest income Farmer Mac earns is effectively a guarantee fee. 
 (3) Includes the reclassification of interest expense related to interest rate swaps not designated as hedges, which are included in "Gains on financial derivatives" on the consolidated financial statements, to determine the effective funding cost for each operating segment. 
 (4) Net adjustments to reconcile to the corresponding income measures: core earnings before income taxes reconciled to income before income taxes; core earnings before preferred stock dividends reconciled to net income; and segment core earnings reconciled to net income attributable to common stockholders. 

15. 

188 

) Interest Receivable ) Deferred Tax Asset, net Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets Total Assets ) Liabilities Notes Payable ) Financial Derivatives, at fair value Accrued Interest Payable ) Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses ) Total Liabilities ) Equity Retained Earnings Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity ) 

Total interest income Net interest income Non-interest income/(expense): (Losses)/gains on financial derivatives ) ) Non-Interest Income Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net Income Net Income attributable to common stockholders 

189 

Comprehensive Income 

) ) Net Income Balance as of December 31, 2020 Net Income Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net change in fair value of trading securities, hedged assets, and financial derivatives ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) ) ) Net change in: Interest receivable ) ) Other assets ) ) ) ) ) Accrued interest payable ) ) ) ) ) ) Other liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities ) ) 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Management's Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . Farmer Mac maintains disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its periodic filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), including this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported on a timely basis. These disclosure controls and 
 
 190 

procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Farmer Mac's management on a timely basis to allow decisions about required disclosure. Management, including Farmer Mac's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of Farmer Mac's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Farmer Mac carried out the evaluation of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, required by paragraph (b) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that Farmer Mac's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. See "Financial Statements 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting" in Item 8 of this Annual Report on 
 Form 10-K. 
 
 Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. See "Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10- 
 K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . There were no changes in Farmer Mac's internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Farmer Mac's internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not Applicable. 

191 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to Farmer Mac's definitive proxy statement to be filed on or about April 14, 2023. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to Farmer Mac's definitive proxy statement to be filed on or about April 14, 2023. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to Farmer Mac's definitive proxy statement to be filed on or about April 14, 2023. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to Farmer Mac's definitive proxy statement to be filed on or about April 14, 2023. 

PART IV 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to Farmer Mac's definitive proxy statement to be filed on or about April 14, 2023. 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 a. (1) Financial Statements. 
 
 Refer to Item 8 above. 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 There are no schedules because they are not applicable, not required, or the information required to be set forth therein is included in the consolidated financial statements or in notes thereto. 
 
 b. Exhibits 
 3.1 Title VIII of the Farm Credit Act of 1971, as most recently amended on June 18, 2020 (Previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-Q filed August 10, 2020). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Registrant (includes correction to CEO's authority to appoint Treasurer compared to version previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed August 17, 2022 ). 
 
 4.1 Specimen Certificate for Farmer Mac Class A Voting Common Stock (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2003). 

192 

4.2 Specimen Certificate for Farmer Mac Class B Voting Common Stock (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2003). 
 4.3 Specimen Certificate for Farmer Mac Class C Non-Voting Common Stock (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2003). 
 4.4 Specimen Certificate for 6.000 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.6 to Form 10-Q filed August 11, 2014). 
 4.4.1 Certificate of Designation of Terms and Conditions of 6.000 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series C (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-A filed June 20, 2014). 
 4.5 Specimen Certificate for 5.700 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.7 to Form 10-Q filed August 1, 2019). 
 
 4.5.1 Certificate of Designation of Terms and Conditions of 5.700 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-A filed May 13, 2019). 
 4.6 Specimen Certificate for 5.750 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series E (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.7 to Form 10-Q filed August 10, 2020). 
 4.6.1 Certificate of Designation of Terms and Conditions of 5.750 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series E (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-A filed May 20, 2020). 
 4.7 Specimen Certificate for 5.250 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.8 to Form 10-Q filed November 9, 2020). 
 4.7.1 Certificate of Designation of Terms and Conditions of 5.250 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-A filed August 20, 2020). 
 4.8 Specimen Certificate for 4.875 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series G (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.8 to Form 10-Q filed August 5, 2021). 
 4.8.1 Certificate of Designation of Terms and Conditions of 4.875 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series G (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-A filed May 27, 2021). 
 4.9 Description of the Registrant's securities that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Previously filed as Exhibit 4.9 to Form 10-Q filed August 5, 2021). 
 10.1 Employment Agreement dated as of October 15, 2018 between Bradford T. Nordholm and the Registrant (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed October 1, 2019). 
 10.1.1 First Amendment to Amended Employment Agreement dated as of September 28, 2022 between Bradford T. Nordholm and the Registrant (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed October 4, 2022 ). 
 10.2 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for grants made to executive officers on or after March 2, 2021. (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed March 8, 2021) . 
 10.2.1 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for grants made to directors on or after March 2, 2021 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed March 8, 2021) . 
 10.2.2 Amended and Restated 2008 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2018). 
 10.2.3 Form of SARs Award Agreement under the 2008 Omnibus Incentive Plan for grants made prior to April 1, 2012 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10 to Form 8-K filed June 11, 2008). 
 10.2.4 Form of SARs Award Agreement under the 2008 Omnibus Incentive Plan for grants made from April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2013 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed April 6, 2012). 
 10.2.5 Form of SARs Award Agreement under the 2008 Omnibus Incentive Plan for grants made from April 1, 2013 to March 31, 2015 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed April 5, 2013). 
 10.2.6 Form of SARs Award Agreement under the 2008 Omnibus Incentive Plan for grants made on or after April 1, 2015 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2015). 
 10.2.7 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Officers) under the 2008 Omnibus Incentive Plan for grants made prior to April 1, 2012 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed June 10, 2009). 
 10.2.8 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Officers) under the 2008 Omnibus Incentive Plan for grants made from April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2013 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed April 6, 2012). 
 10.2.9 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Officers) under the 2008 Omnibus Incentive Plan for grants made from April 1, 2013 to March 31, 2015 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed April 5, 2013). 
 10.2.10 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Officers) under the 2008 Omnibus Incentive Plan for grants made from April 1, 2015 to March 10, 2020 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed April 3, 2015). 
 10.2.11 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (Officers) under the 2008 Omnibus Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (Officers) under the 2008 Omnibus Incentive Plan for grants made on or after March 3, 2020 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed March 10, 2020). 

193 

10.2.12 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Officers) under the 2008 Omnibus Incentive Plan for grants made from April 1, 2013 to March 31, 2015 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed April 5, 2013). 
 10.2.13 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Officers) under the 2008 Omnibus Incentive Plan for grants made on or after April 1, 2015 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2015). 
 10.2.14 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Directors) under the 2008 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed April 6, 2012). 
 10.3 Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation Amended and Restated Executive Officer Severance Plan (effective January 16, 2020) (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed January 23, 2020). 
 10.4 Form of Participation Agreement to the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation Amended and Restated Executive Officer Severance Plan (effective January 16, 2020) (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed January 23, 2020). 
 10.5 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (effective May 1, 2017) (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2017) . 
 10.6 Adoption Agreement of the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (effective May 1, 2017) (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2017) . 
 10.7 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed April 9, 2008). 
 10.8 Description of compensation agreement between the Registrant and its directors, effective January 1, 202 3 . 
 # 10.9 Amended and Restated Master Central Servicing Agreement between Zions First National Bank and the Registrant, dated as of May 1, 2004 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.11.2 to Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2004). 
 10.9.1 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Master Central Servicing Agreement between Zions First National Bank and the Registrant, dated as of June 1, 2009 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.11.1 to Form 10-Q filed August 10, 2009). 
 10.9.2 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Master Central Servicing Agreement between Zions First National Bank and the Registrant, dated as of August 25, 2010 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.11.2 to Form 10-Q filed November 9, 2010). 
 10.10 Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement between Farmer Mac Mortgage Securities Corporation, National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation, and the Registrant, dated as of March 24, 2011 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.22 to Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2011). 
 10.10.1 Amended and Restated First Supplemental Note Purchase Agreement between Farmer Mac Mortgage Securities Corporation, National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation, and the Registrant, dated as of January 8, 2015 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed January 13, 2015). 
 10.10.2 Second Amended and Restated First Supplemental Note Purchase Agreement between Farmer Mac Mortgage Securities Corporation, National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation, and the Registrant, dated as of February 26, 2018 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2018). 
 10.10.3 Third Amended and Restated First Supplemental Note Purchase Agreement between Farmer Mac Mortgage Securities Corporation, National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation, and the Registrant, dated as of May 20, 2021 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed May 20, 2021). 
 10.11 Amended and Restated Master Sale and Servicing Agreement between National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation and the Registrant, dated as of August 12, 2011 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.26 to Form 10-Q filed November 9, 2011). 
 10.12 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Master Sale and Servicing Agreement between National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation and the Registrant, dated as of November 28, 2016 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.17 to Form 10-K filed March 9, 2017) 
 10.13 Second Amended, Restated and Consolidated Pledge Agreement between Farmer Mac Mortgage Securities Corporation, National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation, U.S. Bank National Association, and the Registrant, dated as of July 31, 2015 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed November 9, 2015). 
 10.14 Long Term Standby Commitment to Purchase between National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation and the Registrant, dated as of August 31, 2015 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q filed November 9, 2015). 
 10.15 Amendment No. 1 to Long Term Standby Commitment to Purchase between National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation and the Registrant, dated as of May 31, 2016 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2016). 
 10.16 Loan Participation Servicing Agreement between National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation, National Cooperative Services Corporation, and the Registrant, dated as of September 26, 2019 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10 to Form 8-K filed October 9, 2019). 
 10.17 Master Non-Recourse Loan Participation Agreement between CoBank, ACB, CoBank, FCB, and the Registrant, dated as of February 13, 2019 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed February 20, 2019). 

194 

10.18 Loan Participation and Servicing Agreement between CoBank, ACB and the Registrant, dated as of February 13, 2019 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed February 20, 2019). 
 10.19 Master Non-Recourse Loan Participation Agreement between National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation and the Registrant, dated as of February 3, 2020 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed February 7, 2020). 
 10.20 Loan Participation and Servicing Agreement between National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation and the Registrant, dated as of February 3, 2020 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed February 7, 2020). 
 10.21 Fourth Amended and Restated First Supplemental Note Purchase Agreement between Farmer Mac Mortgage Securities Corporation, National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation, and the Registrant, dated as of June 15, 2022 (Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed June 21, 2022). 
 21 List of the Registrant's subsidiaries (Previously filed as Exhibit 21 to Form 10-K filed March 8, 2018). 
 31.1 Certification of Registrant's principal executive officer relating to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Registrant's principal financial officer relating to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 Certification of Registrant's principal executive officer and principal financial officer relating to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 104 Cover Page Inline Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document included as Exhibit 101 
 Incorporated by reference to the indicated prior filing. Filed with this report. # Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Management contract or compensatory plan. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 

195 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION 
 /s/ Bradford T. Nordholm February 24, 2023 By: Bradford T. Nordholm 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Name Title Date /s/ Lowell L. Junkins Chair of the Board and Director February 24, 2023 Lowell L. Junkins /s/ Bradford T. Nordholm President and Chief Executive Officer February 24, 2023 Bradford T. Nordholm (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Aparna Ramesh Executive Vice President Chief Financial February 24, 2023 Aparna Ramesh Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Gregory N. Ramsey Vice President Controller February 24, 2023 Gregory N. Ramsey (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 196 

Name Title Date /s/ Dennis L. Brack Director February 24, 2023 Dennis L. Brack /s/ Chester J. Culver Director February 24, 2023 Chester J. Culver /s/ Richard H. Davidson Director February 24, 2023 Richard H. Davidson /s/ Everett M. Dobrinski Director February 24, 2023 Everett M. Dobrinski /s/ James R. Engebretsen Director February 24, 2023 James R. Engebretsen /s/ Sara L. Faivre Director February 24, 2023 Sara L. Faivre /s/ Amy H. Gales Director February 24, 2023 Amy H. Gales /s/ Mitchell A. Johnson Director February 24, 2023 Mitchell A. Johnson /s/ Eric T. McKissack Director February 24, 2023 Eric T. McKissack /s/ Robert G. Sexton Director February 24, 2023 Robert G. Sexton /s/ Charles A. Stones Director February 24, 2023 Charles A. Stones /s/ Roy H. Tiarks Director February 24, 2023 Roy H. Tiarks /s/ Todd P. Ware Director February 24, 2023 Todd P. Ware /s/ LaJuana S. Wilcher Director February 24, 2023 LaJuana S. Wilcher 

197 

<EX-10.8>
 2
 a1082023directorcompensati.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 

Exhibit 10.8 
 
 In connection with a review of director compensation in November 2022, the Board of Directors of the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation approved the following level of director compensation in the form of cash retainer and targeted value of equity, effective January 1, 2023 
 The base annual cash retainer payable to all directors was increased by 4,500, from 62,000 to 66,500. 
 The value of the annual equity award grant to all directors was increased by 4,500 from 62,000 to 66,500. 
 The incremental annual cash retainer payable to 
 o the Chair of the Board was increased by 10,000, from 40,000 to 50,000, with the total annual cash retainer increased from 102,000 to 116,500 including the increase in base annual cash retainer 
 o the Vice Chair of the Board was increased by 5,000, 20,000 to 25,000, with the total annual cash retainer increased from 82,000 to 91,500 including the increase in base annual cash retainer 
 The incremental annual cash retainer payable to Committee chairs is set forth below (all of which remain the same as the incremental cash retainers set for 2022) 
 o the Chair of the Audit Committee receives an incremental annual cash retainer of 15,000, with the total annual cash retainer increasing from 77,000 to 81,500 to reflect the increase in base annual cash retainer 
 o the Chairs of the Human Capital and Compensation Committee, the Corporate Governance Committee, the Enterprise Risk Committee, and the Finance Committee each receives an incremental annual cash retainer of 12,000, with the total annual cash retainers increasing from 74,000 to 78,500 to reflect the increase in base annual cash retainer (the Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee currently serves as Chair of the Board) and 
 o the Chairs of the Credit Committee, the Public Policy and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, and the Business Development and Business Strategy Committee each receives an incremental annual cash retainer of 6,000, with the total annual cash retainers increasing from 68,000 to 72,500 to reflect the increase in base annual cash retainer (the Chair of the Public Policy and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee currently serves as Vice Chair of the Board). 
 No director shall receive the supplemental retainer for being the Chair of a Committee if that individual is already receiving the supplemental annual retainer applicable to the Chair of the Board or the Vice Chair of the Board. 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex311agm-12312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Bradford T. Nordholm, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 24, 2023 
 
 s Bradford T. Nordholm 
 Bradford T. Nordholm 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex312agm-12312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Aparna Ramesh, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 24, 2023 
 
 s Aparna Ramesh 
 Aparna Ramesh Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex32agm-12312022.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (the Corporation for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Bradford T. Nordholm, Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, and Aparna Ramesh, Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, each hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to their knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 

s Bradford T. Nordholm 
 Bradford T. Nordholm 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 s Aparna Ramesh 
 Aparna Ramesh 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Date 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 agm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 agm-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 agm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 agm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 agm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

