<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1499200_0001499200-23-000002.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9124048</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>236226</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1333437</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3206757</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2168554</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2008664</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001499200-23-000002.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222192948
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001499200-23-000002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001499200
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS DISTRIBUTION [4924]
		IRS NUMBER:				273235920
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-192373
		FILM NUMBER:		23655397

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 MILAM ST., SUITE 1900
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(713) 375-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 MILAM ST., SUITE 1900
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001499200-23-000002.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 spl-20221231.htm
 10-K

spl-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered None None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 The registrant meets the conditions set forth in General Instructions I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore filing this Form 10-K with the reduced disclosure format. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
 Note: As of January 1, 2022, the registrant is a voluntary filer not subject to the filing requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. However, the registrant has filed all reports required pursuant to Sections 13 or 15(d) during the preceding 12 months as if the registrant was subject to such filing requirements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates: Not applicable 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: Not applicable 
 Documents incorporated by reference: 

SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 Items 1. and 2. Business and Properties 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 10 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 17 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 17 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 
 18 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Member Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 19 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 19 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 30 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 31 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 58 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 58 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 58 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 58 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Managers, Executive Officers and Company Governance 
 59 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 59 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, and Related Member Matters 
 59 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Manager Independence 
 59 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 59 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 60 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 68 
 Signatures 
 69 

i 

Table of Contents 
 DEFINITIONS 

As used in this annual report, the terms listed below have the following meanings: 
 
 Common Industry and Other Terms 
 ASU Accounting Standards Update Bcf billion cubic feet Bcf/d billion cubic feet per day Bcf/yr billion cubic feet per year Bcfe billion cubic feet equivalent DOE U.S. Department of Energy EPC engineering, procurement and construction FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FTA countries countries with which the United States has a free trade agreement providing for national treatment for trade in natural gas GAAP generally accepted accounting principles in the United States Henry Hub the final settlement price (in USD per MMBtu) for the New York Mercantile Exchange s Henry Hub natural gas futures contract for the month in which a relevant cargo s delivery window is scheduled to begin IPM agreements integrated production marketing agreements in which the gas producer sells to us gas on a global LNG index price, less a fixed liquefaction fee, shipping and other costs LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate LNG liquefied natural gas, a product of natural gas that, through a refrigeration process, has been cooled to a liquid state, which occupies a volume that is approximately 1/600th of its gaseous state MMBtu million British thermal units; one British thermal unit measures the amount of energy required to raise the temperature of one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit mtpa million tonnes per annum non-FTA countries countries with which the United States does not have a free trade agreement providing for national treatment for trade in natural gas and with which trade is permitted SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SPA LNG sale and purchase agreement TBtu trillion British thermal units; one British thermal unit measures the amount of energy required to raise the temperature of one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit 
 Train an industrial facility comprised of a series of refrigerant compressor loops used to cool natural gas into LNG TUA terminal use agreement 

Affiliate Entity Abbreviations 
 Cheniere Cheniere Energy, Inc. Cheniere Investments Cheniere Energy Investments, LLC Cheniere Marketing Cheniere Marketing, LLC and its subsidiaries CQP Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. Cheniere Terminals Cheniere LNG Terminals, LLC CTPL Cheniere Creole Trail Pipeline, L.P. SPLNG Sabine Pass LNG, L.P. 
 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, references to SPL, the Company, we, us and our refer to Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
 REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This annual report contains certain statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements, other than statements of historical or present facts or conditions, included herein or incorporated herein by reference are forward-looking statements. Included among forward-looking statements are, among other things: 
 statements that we expect to commence or complete construction of our natural gas liquefaction project, or any expansions or portions thereof, by certain dates, or at all; 
 s tatements regarding future levels of domestic and international natural gas production, supply or consumption or future levels of LNG imports into or exports from North America and other countries worldwide or purchases of natural gas, regardless of the source of such information, or the transportation or other infrastructure or demand for and prices related to natural gas, LNG or other hydrocarbon products ; 
 statements regarding any financing transactions or arrangements, or our ability to enter into such transactions; 
 statements regarding our future sources of liquidity and cash requirements; 
 statements relating to the construction of our Trains, including statements concerning the engagement of any EPC contractor or other contractor and the anticipated terms and provisions of any agreement with any EPC or other contractor, and anticipated costs related thereto; 
 statements regarding any SPA or other agreement to be entered into or performed substantially in the future, including any revenues anticipated to be received and the anticipated timing thereof, and statements regarding the amounts of total natural gas liquefaction or storage capacities that are, or may become, subject to contracts; 
 statements regarding counterparties to our commercial contracts, construction contracts and other contracts; 
 statements regarding our planned development and construction of additional Trains, including the financing of such Trains; 
 statements that our Trains, when completed, will have certain characteristics, including amounts of liquefaction capacities; 
 statements regarding our business strategy, our strengths, our business and operation plans or any other plans, forecasts, projections, or objectives, including anticipated revenues, capital expenditures, maintenance and operating costs and cash flows, any or all of which are subject to change; 
 statements regarding legislative, governmental, regulatory, administrative or other public body actions, approvals, requirements, permits, applications, filings, investigations, proceedings or decisions; 
 any other statements that relate to non-historica l or future information; and 
 other factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 All of these types of statements, other than statements of historical or present facts or conditions, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as may, will, could, should, achieve, anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, estimate, expect, intend, plan, potential, predict, project, pursue, target, the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are largely based on our expectations, which reflect estimates and assumptions made by our management. These estimates and assumptions reflect our best judgment based on currently known market conditions and other factors. Although we believe that such estimates are reasonable, they are inherently uncertain and involve a number of risks and uncertainties beyond our control. In addition, assumptions may prove to be inaccurate. We caution that the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are not guarantees of future performance and that such statements may not be realized or the forward-looking statements or events may not occur. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated or implied in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors described in this annual report and in the other reports and other information that we file with the SEC. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these risk factors. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made, and other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement or provide reasons why actual results may differ, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEMS 1. AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES 

General 
 
 We are a Delaware limited liability company formed by CQP. We provide clean, secure and affordable LNG to integrated energy companies, utilities and energy trading companies around the world. We aspire to conduct our business in a safe and responsible manner, delivering a reliable, competitive and integrated source of LNG to our customers. 
 
 LNG is natural gas (methane) in liquid form. The LNG we produce is shipped all over the world, turned back into natural gas (called regasification and then transported via pipeline to homes and businesses and used as an energy source that is essential for heating, cooking and other industrial uses. Natural gas is a cleaner-burning, abundant and affordable source of energy. When LNG is converted back to natural gas, it can be used instead of coal, which reduces the amount of pollution traditionally produced from burning fossil fuels, like sulfur dioxide and particulate matter that enters the air we breathe. Additionally, compared to coal, it produces significantly fewer carbon emissions. By liquefying natural gas, we are able to reduce its volume by 600 times so that we can load it onto special LNG carriers designed to keep the LNG cold and in liquid form for efficient transport overseas. 
 
 We own a natural gas liquefaction and export facility located in Cameron Parish, Louisiana at Sabine Pass (the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal ), one of the largest LNG production facilities in the world, which has six operational Trains, with Train 6 having achieved substantial completion on February 4, 2022, for a total operational production capacity of approximately 30 mtpa of LNG (the Liquefaction Project ). The Sabine Pass LNG Terminal also has operational regasification facilities owned and operated by SPLNG. 
 
 Our long-term customer arrangements form the foundation of our business and provide us with significant, stable, long-term cash flows. We have contracted most of our anticipated production capacity under SPAs, in which our customers are generally required to pay a fixed fee with respect to the contracted volumes irrespective of their election to cancel or suspend deliveries of LNG cargoes, and under IPM agreements, in which the gas producer sells natural gas to us on a global LNG index price, less a fixed liquefaction fee, shipping and other costs. Through our SPAs and IPM agreement, we have contracted approximately 85 of the total production capacity from the Liquefaction Project with approximately 15 years of weighted average remaining life as of December 31, 2022. For further discussion of the contracted future cash flows under our revenue arrangements, see Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 We remain focused on safety, operational excellence and customer satisfaction. Increasing demand for LNG has allowed us to expand our liquefaction infrastructure in a financially disciplined manner. We have increased available liquefaction capacity at our Liquefaction Project as a result of debottlenecking and other optimization projects. We hold a significant land position at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal, which provides opportunity for further liquefaction capacity expansion. The development of this site or other projects, including infrastructure projects in support of natural gas supply and LNG demand, will require, among other things, acceptable commercial and financing arrangements before we make a positive final investment decision. 

Our Business Strategy 
 
 Our primary business strategy is to develop, construct and operate assets to meet our long-term customers energy demands. We plan to implement our strategy by: 
 safely, efficiently and reliably operating and maintaining our assets, including our Trains; 
 procuring natural gas to our facility; 
 commencing commercial delivery for our long-term SPA customers, of which we have initiated for eight of eleven third party long-term SPA customers as of December 31, 2022; 
 maximizing the production of LNG to serve our customers and generating steady and stable revenues and operating cash flows; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 optimizing the Liquefaction Project by leveraging existing infrastructure; 
 maintaining a prudent and cost-effective capital structure; and 
 strategically identifying actionable environmental solutions. 

Our Business 
 
 Below is a discussion of our operations. For further discussion of our contractual obligations and cash requirements related to these operations, refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Liquefaction Facilities 
 
 The Liquefaction Project, as described above under the caption General , is one of the largest LNG production facilities in the world with six Trains and three marine berths. 
 
 The following summarizes the volumes of natural gas for which we have received approvals from FERC to site, construct and operate the Liquefaction Project and the orders we have received from the DOE authorizing the export of domestically produced LNG by vessel from the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal through December 31, 2050: 
 
 FERC Approved Volume DOE Approved Volume (in Bcf/yr) (in mtpa) (in Bcf/yr) (in mtpa) FTA countries 1,661.94 33 1,661.94 33 Non-FTA countries 1,661.94 33 1,661.94 33 
 
 Natural Gas Supply, Transportation and Storage 
 
 We have secured natural gas feedstock for the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal through long-term natural gas supply agreements, including an IPM agreement. Additionally, to ensure that we are able to transport natural gas feedstock to the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal and manage inventory levels, we have entered into firm pipeline transportation and storage contracts with third parties. 
 
 Terminal Use Agreements 
 
 We have entered into a TUA with SPLNG to provide berthing for LNG vessels and for the unloading, loading, storage and regasification of LNG. Additionally, we have entered into a partial TUA assignment agreement with TotalEnergies Gas Power North America, Inc. TotalEnergies ), another TUA customer, to provide us with additional berthing and storage capacity at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal. Refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional discussion of our TUA agreements. 
 
 Customers 
 
 Information regarding our customer contracts can be found in Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows customers with revenues of 10 or greater of total revenues from external customers: 
 Percentage of Total Revenues from External Customers Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 BG Gulf Coast LNG, LLC and affiliates 
 24 25 25 GAIL (India) Limited 
 17 18 19 Korea Gas Corporation 
 17 17 18 Naturgy LNG GOM, Limited 
 16 16 16 TotalEnergies 
 10 
 
 Less than 10 
 
 All of the above customers contribute to our LNG revenues through SPA contracts. 
 
 Governmental Regulation 
 
 The Liquefaction Project is subject to extensive regulation under federal, state and local statutes, rules, regulations and laws. These laws require that we engage in consultations with appropriate federal and state agencies and that we obtain and maintain applicable permits and other authorizations. These rigorous regulatory requirements increase the cost of construction and operation, and failure to comply with such laws could result in substantial penalties and/or loss of necessary authorizations. 
 
 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
 
 The design, construction, operation, maintenance and expansion of the Liquefaction Project are highly regulated activities subject to the jurisdiction of the FERC pursuant to the Natural Gas Act of 1938, as amended (the NGA ). Under the NGA, the FERC s jurisdiction generally extends to the sale for resale of natural gas in interstate commerce and to the construction, operation, maintenance and expansion of liquefaction facilities. 
 
 The FERC issued its final Order Granting Section 3 Authority Order in April 2012 approving our application for an order under Section 3 of the NGA authorizing the siting, construction and operation of Trains 1 through 4 of the Liquefaction Project (and related facilities). Subsequently, in May 2012, the FERC issued written approval to commence site preparation work for Trains 1 through 4. In October 2012, we applied to amend the FERC approval to reflect certain modifications to the Liquefaction Project, and in August 2013, the FERC issued an Order approving the modifications. In October 2013, we applied to further amend the FERC approval, requesting authorization to increase the total permitted LNG production capacity of Trains 1 through 4 from the then authorized 803 Bcf/yr to 1,006 Bcf/yr so as to more accurately reflect the estimated maximum LNG production capacity of Trains 1 through 4. In February 2014, the FERC issued an order approving the October 2013 application (the February 2014 Order ). A party to the proceeding requested a rehearing of the February 2014 Order, and in September 2014, the FERC issued an order denying the rehearing request (the FERC Order Denying Rehearing ). The party petitioned the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit (the Court of Appeals to review the February 2014 Order and the FERC Order Denying Rehearing. The court denied the petition in June 2016. In September 2013, we filed an application with the FERC for authorization to add Trains 5 and 6 to the Liquefaction Project, which was granted by the FERC in an Order issued in April 2015 and an Order denying rehearing issued in June 2015. These Orders are not subject to appellate court review. In October of 2018, we applied to the FERC for authorization to add a third marine berth to the Liquefaction Project, which FERC approved in February of 2020. FERC issued written approval to commence site preparation work for the third berth in June 2020. 
 
 On September 27, 2019, we filed a request with the FERC pursuant to Section 3 of the NGA, requesting authorization to increase the total LNG production capacity of the terminal from currently authorized levels to an amount which reflects more accurately the capacity of the facility based on enhancements during the engineering, design and construction process, as well as operational experience to date. The requested authorizations do not involve construction of new facilities. Corresponding applications for authorization to export the incremental volumes were also submitted to the DOE. The DOE issued Orders granting authorization to export LNG to FTA countries in April 2020 and to non-FTA countries in March 2022. In October 2021, the FERC issued its Orders Amending Authorization under Section 3 of the NGA. In March 2022, the DOE authorized the export of an additional 152.64 Bcf/yr of domestically produced LNG by vessel from the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal through December 31, 2050 to non-FTA countries, that were previously authorized for FTA countries only. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 On February 18, 2022, the FERC updated its 1999 Policy Statement on certification of new interstate natural gas facilities and the framework for the FERC s decision-making process, which would now include, among other things, reasonably foreseeable greenhouse gas emissions that may be attributable to the project and the project s impact on environmental justice communities. These FERC changes are the first revision in more than 20 years to the FERC s policy for the certification of new interstate natural gas pipeline projects under Section 7 of the NGA. The updated Policy Statement has more limited applicability to LNG projects regulated under Section 3 of the Natural Gas Act. While the impact on our future projects and expansions is not known at this time, we do not expect it to have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 
 All of our FERC construction, operation, reporting, accounting and other regulated activities are subject to audit by the FERC, which may conduct routine or special inspections and issue data requests designed to ensure compliance with FERC rules, regulations, policies and procedures. The FERC s jurisdiction under the NGA allows it to impose civil and criminal penalties for any violations of the NGA and any rules, regulations or orders of the FERC up to approximately 1.3 million per day per violation, including any conduct that violates the NGA s prohibition against market manipulation. 
 
 Several other material governmental and regulatory approvals and permits are required throughout the life of the Liquefaction Project. In addition, our FERC orders require us to comply with certain ongoing conditions, reporting obligations and maintain other regulatory agency approvals throughout the life of the Liquefaction Project. For example, throughout the life of our liquefaction facility, we are subject to regular reporting requirements to the FERC, the Department of Transportation s DOT Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration PHMSA and applicable federal and state regulatory agencies regarding the operation and maintenance of our facility. To date, we have been able to obtain and maintain required approvals as needed, and the need for these approvals and reporting obligations have not materially affected our construction or operations. 
 
 DOE Export Licenses 
 
 The DOE has authorized the export of domestically produced LNG by vessel from the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal as discussed in Liquefaction Facilities. Although it is not expected to occur, the loss of an export authorization could be a force majeure event under our SPAs. 
 
 Under Section 3 of the NGA applications for exports of natural gas to FTA countries, which allow for national treatment for trade in natural gas, are deemed to be consistent with the public interest and shall be granted by the DOE without modification or delay. FTA countries currently recognized by the DOE for exports of LNG include Australia, Bahrain, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Jordan, Mexico, Morocco, Nicaragua, Oman, Panama, Peru, Republic of Korea and Singapore. FTAs with Israel and Costa Rica do not require national treatment for trade in natural gas. Applications for export of LNG to non-FTA countries are considered by the DOE in a notice and comment proceeding whereby the public and other interveners are provided the opportunity to comment and may assert that such authorization would not be consistent with the public interest. 
 
 Other Governmental Permits, Approvals and Authorizations 
 
 Construction and operation of the Liquefaction Project requires additional permits, orders, approvals and consultations to be issued by various federal and state agencies, including the DOT, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers USACE ), U.S. Department of Commerce, National Marine Fisheries Service, U.S. Department of the Interior, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA ), U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality LDEQ ). 
 
 The USACE issues its permits under the authority of the Clean Water Act CWA (Section 404) and the Rivers and Harbors Act (Section 10). The EPA administers the Clean Air Act CAA ), and has delegated authority to the LDEQ to issue the Title V Operating Permit (the Title V Permit and the Prevention of Significant Deterioration Permit (the PSD Permit ). These two permits are issued by the LDEQ for the Liquefaction Project. 
 
 Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act amended the Commodity Exchange Act to provide for federal regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities, such as us, that participate in those markets. The CFTC has enacted a number of regulations pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, including the 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 speculative position limit rules. Given the recent enactment of the speculative position limit rules, as well as the impact of other rules and regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act, the impact of such rules and regulations on our business continues to be uncertain, but is not expected to be material. 
 
 As required by the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC and federal banking regulators also adopted rules requiring Swap Dealers (as defined in the Dodd-Frank Act), including those that are regulated financial institutions, to collect initial and/or variation margin with respect to uncleared swaps from their counterparties that are financial end users, registered swap dealers or major swap participants. These rules do not require collection of margin from non-financial-entity end users who qualify for the end user exception from the mandatory clearing requirement or from non-financial end users or certain other counterparties in certain instances. We qualify as a non-financial-entity end user with respect to the swaps that we enter into to hedge our commercial risks. 
 
 Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC adopted additional anti-manipulation and anti-disruptive trading practices regulations that prohibit, among other things, manipulative, deceptive or fraudulent schemes or material misrepresentation in the futures, options, swaps and cash markets. In addition, separate from the Dodd-Frank Act, our use of futures and options on commodities is subject to the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC regulations, as well as the rules of futures exchanges on which any of these instruments are executed. Should we violate any of these laws and regulations, we could be subject to a CFTC or an exchange enforcement action and material penalties, possibly resulting in changes in the rates we can charge. 
 
 Environmental Regulation 
 
 The Liquefaction Project is subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and natural resources. These environmental laws and regulations can affect the cost and output of operations and may impose substantial penalties for non-compliance and substantial liabilities for pollution, as further described in the risk factor Existing and future safety, environmental and similar laws and governmental regulations could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating costs or construction costs and restrictions in Risks Relating to Regulations within Item 1A. Risk Factors. Many of these laws and regulations, such as those noted below, restrict or prohibit impacts to the environment or the types, quantities and concentration of substances that can be released into the environment and can lead to substantial administrative, civil and criminal fines and penalties for non-compliance. 
 
 Clean Air Act 
 
 The Liquefaction Project is subject to the federal CAA and comparable state and local laws. We may be required to incur certain capital expenditures over the next several years for air pollution control equipment in connection with maintaining or obtaining permits and approvals addressing air emission-related issues. We do not believe, however, that our operations, or the construction and operations of the Liquefaction Project, will be materially and adversely affected by any such requirements. 
 
 On February 28, 2022, the EPA removed a stay of formaldehyde standards in the National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants NESHAP Subpart YYYY for stationary combustion turbines located at major sources of hazardous air pollutant HAP emissions. Owners and operators of lean remix gas-fired turbines and diffusion flame gas-fired turbines at major sources of HAP that were installed after January 14, 2003 were required to comply with NESHAP Subpart YYYY by March 9, 2022. We do not believe that our operations, or the construction and operations of our liquefaction facilities, will be materially and adversely affected by such regulatory actions. 
 
 We are supportive of regulations reducing greenhouse gas GHG emissions over time. Since 2009, the EPA has promulgated and finalized multiple GHG emissions regulations related to reporting and reductions of GHG emissions from our facilities. The EPA has proposed additional new regulations to reduce methane emissions from both new and existing sources within the Crude Oil and Natural Gas source category that impact our assets and our supply chain. 
 
 From time to time, Congress has considered proposed legislation directed at reducing GHG emissions. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed H.R. 5376(P.L. 117-169), the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA which includes a charge on methane emissions above a certain threshold for facilities that report their GHG emissions under the EPA s Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reporting Program GHGRP Part 98 Subpart W regulations. The charge starts at 900 per metric ton of methane in 2024, 1,200 per metric ton in 2025, and increasing to 1,500 per metric ton in 2026 and beyond. At this time, we do not expect it to have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Coastal Zone Management Act CZMA 
 
 The siting and construction of the Liquefaction Project within the coastal zone is subject to the requirements of the CZMA. The CZMA is administered by the states (in Louisiana, by the Department of Natural Resources, and in Texas, by the General Land Office). This program is implemented to ensure that impacts to coastal areas are consistent with the intent of the CZMA to manage the coastal areas. 
 
 Clean Water Act 
 
 The Liquefaction Project is subject to the federal CWA and analogous state and local laws. The CWA imposes strict controls on the discharge of pollutants into the navigable waters of the United States, including discharges of wastewater and storm water runoff and fill/discharges into waters of the United States. Permits must be obtained prior to discharging pollutants into state and federal waters. The CWA is administered by the EPA, the USACE and by the states (in Louisiana, by the LDEQ). The CWA regulatory programs, including the Section 404 dredge and fill permitting program and Section 401 water quality certification program carried out by the states, are frequently the subject of shifting agency interpretations and legal challenges, which at times can result in permitting delays. 
 
 Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA 
 
 The federal RCRA and comparable state statutes govern the generation, handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and require corrective action for releases into the environment. When such wastes are generated in connection with the operations of our facilities, we are subject to regulatory requirements affecting the handling, transportation, treatment, storage and disposal of such wastes. 
 
 Protection of Species, Habitats and Wetlands 
 
 Various federal and state statutes, such as the Endangered Species Act, the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, the CWA and the Oil Pollution Act, prohibit certain activities that may adversely affect endangered or threatened animal, fish and plant species and/or their designated habitats, wetlands, or other natural resources. If the Liquefaction Project may adversely affect a protected species or its habitat, we may be required to develop and follow a plan to avoid those impacts. In that case, siting, construction or operation may be delayed or restricted and cause us to incur increased costs. 
 
 It is not possible at this time to predict how future regulations or legislation may address protection of species, habitats and wetlands and impact our business. However, we do not believe that our operations, or the construction and operations of our Liquefaction Project, will be materially and adversely affected by such regulatory actions. 

Market Factors and Competition 
 
 Market Factors 
 
 Our ability to enter into additional long-term SPAs to underpin the development of additional Trains, sale of LNG by Cheniere Marketing or development of new projects is subject to market factors. These factors include changes in worldwide supply and demand for natural gas, LNG and substitute products, the relative prices for natural gas, crude oil and substitute products in North America and international markets, the extent of energy security needs in the European Union and elsewhere, the rate of fuel switching for power generation from coal, nuclear or oil to natural gas and other overarching factors such as global economic growth and the pace of any transition from fossil-based systems of energy production and consumption to renewable energy sources. In addition, our ability to obtain additional funding to execute our business strategy is subject to the investment community s appetite for investment in LNG and natural gas infrastructure and our ability to access capital markets. 
 
 We expect that global demand for natural gas and LNG will continue to increase as nations seek more abundant, reliable and environmentally cleaner fuel alternatives to oil and coal. Market participants around the globe have shown commitments to environmental goals consistent with many policy initiatives that we believe are constructive for LNG demand and infrastructure growth. Currently, significant amounts of money are being invested across Europe, Asia and Latin America in natural gas projects under construction, and more continues to be earmarked to planned projects globally. In Europe, there are various plans to install more than 80 mtpa of import capacity over the near-term to secure access to LNG and displace Russian gas imports. In India, there are nearly 12,000 kilometers of gas pipelines under construction to expand the gas distribution network 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 and increase access to natural gas. And in China, billions of U.S. dollars have already been invested and hundreds of billions of U.S. dollars are expected to be further invested all along the natural gas value chain to decrease harmful emissions. 
 
 As a result of these dynamics, we expect gas and LNG to continue to play an important role in satisfying energy demand going forward. In its fourth quarter 2022 forecast, Wood Mackenzie Limited WoodMac forecasts that global demand for LNG will increase by approximately 53 , from 388.5 mtpa, or 18.6 Tcf, in 2021, to 595.7 mtpa, or 28.6 Tcf, in 2030 and to 677.8 mtpa or 32.5 Tcf in 2040. In its fourth quarter 2022 forecast, WoodMac also forecasts LNG production from existing operational facilities and new facilities already under construction will be able to supply the market with approximately 537 mtpa in 2030, declining to 490 mtpa in 2040. This could result in a market need for construction of an additional approximately 59 mtpa of LNG production by 2030 and about 187 mtpa by 2040. As a cleaner burning fuel with lower emissions than coal or liquid fuels in power generation, we expect gas and LNG to play a central role in balancing grids and contributing to a low carbon energy system globally. We believe the capital and operating costs of the uncommitted capacity of our Liquefaction Project is competitive with new proposed projects globally and we are well-positioned to capture a portion of this incremental market need. 
 
 Our LNG business has limited exposure to oil price movements as we have contracted a significant portion of our LNG production capacity under long-term sale and purchase agreements. These agreements contain fixed fees that are required to be paid even if the customers elect to cancel or suspend delivery of LNG cargoes. Through our SPAs and IPM agreement, we have contracted approximately 85 of the total production capacity from the Liquefaction Project, with approximately 15 years of weighted average remaining life as of December 31, 2022, which includes volumes contracted under SPAs in which the customers are required to pay a fixed fee with respect to the contracted volumes irrespective of their election to cancel or suspend deliveries of LNG cargoes. 
 
 Competition 
 
 When we need to replace any existing SPA or enter into new SPAs, we will compete on the basis of price per contracted volume of LNG with other natural gas liquefaction projects throughout the world, including our affiliate Corpus Christi Liquefaction, LLC CCL ), which operates three Trains at a natural gas liquefaction facility near Corpus Christi, Texas. Revenues associated with any incremental volumes of the Liquefaction Project, including those under the Cheniere Marketing SPA, will also be subject to market-based price competition. Many of the companies with which we compete are major energy corporations with longer operating histories, more development experience, greater name recognition, greater financial, technical and marketing resources and greater access to LNG markets than us. 

Corporate Responsibility 
 
 As described in Market Factors and Competition , we expect that global demand for natural gas and LNG will continue to increase as nations seek more abundant, reliable and environmentally cleaner fuel alternatives to oil and coal. Our vision is to provide clean, secure and affordable energy to the world. This vision underpins our focus on responding to the world s shared energy challenges expanding the global supply of clean and affordable energy, improving air quality, reducing emissions and supporting the transition to a lower-carbon future. Our approach to corporate responsibility is guided by our Climate and Sustainability Principles: Transparency, Science, Supply Chain and Operational Excellence. In 2022, Cheniere published Acting Now, Securing Tomorrow , its third Corporate Responsibility CR report, which outlines Cheniere s focus on sustainability and its performance on key environmental, social and governance ESG metrics. Cheniere s CR report is available at www.cheniere.com/our-responsibility/reporting-center. Information on our website, including the CR report, is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Cheniere s climate strategy is to measure and mitigate emissions to better position our LNG supplies to remain competitive in a lower carbon future, providing energy, economic and environmental security to our customers across the world. To maximize the environmental benefits of our LNG, we believe it is important to develop future climate goals and strategies based on an accurate and holistic assessment of the emissions profile of our LNG, accounting for all steps in the supply chain. 
 
 Consequently, we are collaborating with natural gas midstream companies, methane detection technology providers and/or leading academic institutions on quantification, monitoring, reporting and verification QMRV of GHG research and development projects, co-founding and sponsoring multidisciplinary research and education initiatives led by the University of Texas at Austin in collaboration with Colorado State University and the Colorado School of Mines. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Cheniere also joined the Oil and Gas Methane Partnership OGMP 2.0, the United Nations Environment Programme s UNEP flagship oil and gas methane emissions reporting and mitigation initiative in October 2022. 
 
 Our total expenditures related to the climate initiatives, including capital expenditures, were not material to our Financial Statements during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. However, as the transition to a lower-carbon economy continues to evolve, as described in Market Factors and Competition , we expect the scope and extent of our future initiatives to evolve accordingly. While we have not incurred material direct capital expenditures related to climate change, we aspire to conduct our business in a safe and responsible manner and are proactive in our management of environmental impacts, risks and opportunities. We face certain business and operational risks associated with physical impacts from climate change, such as potential increases in severe weather events or changes in weather patterns, in addition to transition risks. Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional discussion. 

Employees 
 
 We have no employees. We have contracts with subsidiaries of Cheniere and CQP for operations, maintenance and management services. As of December 31, 2022, Cheniere and its subsidiaries had 1,551 full-time employees, including 517 employees who directly supported the Liquefaction Project. See Note 12 Related Party Transactions of our Notes to Financial Statements for a discussion of the services agreements pursuant to which general and administrative services are provided to us. 

Available Information 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 700 Milam Street, Suite 1900, Houston, Texas 77002, and our telephone number is (713) 375-5000. Our internet address is www.cheniere.com. We provide public access to our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file those materials with, or furnish those materials to, the SEC under the Exchange Act. These reports may be accessed free of charge through our internet website. We make our website content available for informational purposes only. The website should not be relied upon for investment purposes and is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. The SEC maintains an internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports and other information regarding issuers. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The following are some of the important factors that could affect our financial performance or could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates or expectations contained in our forward-looking statements. We may encounter risks in addition to those described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, may also impair or adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 The risk factors in this report are grouped into the following categories: 
 Risks Relating to Our Financial Matters ; 
 Risks Relating to Our Operations and Industry ; and 
 Risks Relat ing to Regulations . 

Risks Relating to Our Financial Matters 
 
 Our existing level of cash resources and significant debt could cause us to have inadequate liquidity and could materially and adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no cash and cash equivalents, 92 million of restricted cash and cash equivalents, 872 million of available commitments under the our 1.2 billion Working Capital Revolving Credit and Letter of Credit Reimbursement Agreement (the Working Capital Facility and 12.1 billion of total debt outstanding (before unamortized premium, discount and debt issuance costs). We incur, and will incur, significant interest expense relating to financing the assets at the Liquefaction Project. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to access additional 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 project financing as well as the debt and equity capital markets. A variety of factors beyond our control could impact the availability or cost of capital, including domestic or international economic conditions, increases in key benchmark interest rates and/or credit spreads, the adoption of new or amended banking or capital market laws or regulations and the repricing of market risks and volatility in capital and financial markets. Our financing costs could increase or future borrowings may be unavailable to us or unsuccessful, which could cause us to be unable to pay or refinance our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. We also rely on borrowings under our credit facilities to fund our capital expenditures. If any of the lenders in the syndicates backing these facilities was unable to perform on its commitments, we may need to seek replacement financing, which may not be available as needed, or may be available in more limited amounts or on more expensive or otherwise unfavorable terms. 
 
 Our ability to generate cash is substantially dependent upon the performance by customers under long-term contracts that we have entered into, and we could be materially and adversely affected if any significant customer fails to perform its contractual obligations for any reason. 
 
 Our future results and liquidity are substantially dependent upon performance by our customers to make payments under long-term contracts. As of December 31, 2022, we had SPAs with terms of 10 or more years with a total of 11 different third party customers. 
 
 While substantially all of our long-term third party customer arrangements are executed with a creditworthy parent company or secured by a parent company guarantee or other form of collateral, we are nonetheless exposed to credit risk in the event of a customer default that requires us to seek recourse. 
 Additionally, our long-term SPAs entitle the customer to terminate their contractual obligations upon the occurrence of certain events which include, but are not limited to: (1) if we fail to make available specified scheduled cargo quantities; (2) delays in the commencement of commercial operations; and (3) under the majority of our SPAs upon the occurrence of certain events of force majeure. 
 
 Although we have not had a history of material customer default or termination events, the occurrence of such events are largely outside of our control and may expose us to unrecoverable losses. We may not be able to replace these customer arrangements on desirable terms, or at all, if they are terminated. As a result, our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our efforts to manage commodity and financial risks through derivative instruments, including our IPM agreement, could adversely affect our earnings reported under GAAP and affect our liquidity. 
 
 We use derivative instruments to manage commodity, currency and financial market risks. The extent of our derivative position at any given time depends on our assessments of the markets for these commodities and related exposures. We currently account for our derivatives at fair value, with immediate recognition of changes in the fair value in earnings, other than certain derivatives for which we have elected to apply accrual accounting, as described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our Notes to Financial Statements. Such valuations are primarily valued based on estimated forward commodity prices and are more susceptible to variability particularly when markets are volatile. As described in Results of Operations in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, our net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes 1.1 billion of losses resulting from changes in fair values of our derivatives, of which substantially all of such losses were related to commodity derivative instruments indexed to international LNG prices, mainly our IPM agreement. 
 
 These transactions and other derivative transactions have and may continue to result in substantial volatility in results of operations reported under GAAP, particularly in periods of significant commodity, currency or financial market variability. For certain of these instruments, in the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the value of these financial instruments involves management s judgment or use of estimates. Changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these contracts. 
 
 In addition, our liquidity may be adversely impacted by the cash margin requirements of the commodities exchanges or the failure of a counterparty to perform in accordance with a contract. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had collateral posted with counterparties by us of 35 million and 7 million, respectively, which are included in margin deposits in our Balance Sheets. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Relating to Our Operations and Industry 
 
 Catastrophic weather events or other disasters could result in an interruption of our operations, a delay in the construction of our Liquefaction Project, damage to our Liquefaction Project and increased insurance costs, all of which could adversely affect us. 
 
 Weather events such as major hurricanes and winter storms have caused interruptions or temporary suspension in construction or operations at our facilities or caused minor damage to our facilities. In August 2020, we entered into an arrangement with our affiliate to provide the ability, in limited circumstances, to potentially fulfill commitments to LNG buyers from the other facility in the event operational conditions impact operations at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal or at our affiliate s terminal. During the year ended December 31, 2021, eight TBtu was loaded at affiliate facilities pursuant to this agreement. Our risk of loss related to weather events or other disasters is limited by contractual provisions in our SPAs, which can provide under certain circumstances relief from operational events, and partially mitigated by insurance we maintain. Aggregate direct and indirect losses associated with the aforementioned weather events, net of insurance reimbursements, have not historically been material to our Financial Statements, and we believe our insurance coverages maintained, existence of certain protective clauses within our SPAs and other risk management strategies mitigate our exposure to material losses. However, future adverse weather events and collateral effects, or other disasters such as explosions, fires, floods or severe droughts, could cause damage to, or interruption of operations at our terminal or related infrastructure, which could impact our operating results, increase insurance premiums or deductibles paid and delay or increase costs associated with the construction and development of our other facilities. Our LNG terminal infrastructure and LNG facility located in or near Sabine Pass, Louisiana are designed in accordance with requirements of 49 Code of Federal Regulations Part 193, Liquefied Natural Gas Facilities: Federal Safety Standards , and all applicable industry codes and standards. 
 
 Disruptions to the third party supply of natural gas to our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 We depend upon third party pipelines and other facilities that provide gas delivery options to our Liquefaction Project. If any pipeline connection were to become unavailable for current or future volumes of natural gas due to repairs, damage to the facility, lack of capacity, failure to replace contracted firm pipeline transportation capacity on economic terms, or any other reason, our ability to receive natural gas volumes to produce LNG or to continue shipping natural gas from producing regions or to end markets could be adversely impacted. Such disruptions to our third party supply of natural gas may also be caused by weather events or other disasters described in the risk factor Catastrophic weather events or other disasters could result in an interruption of our operations, a delay in the construction of our Liquefaction Project, damage to our Liquefaction Project and increased insurance costs, all of which could adversely affect us. While certain contractual provisions in our SPAs can limit the potential impact of disruptions, and historical indirect losses incurred by us as a result of disruptions to our third party supply of natural gas have not been material, any significant disruption to our natural gas supply where we may not be protected could result in a substantial reduction in our revenues under our long-term SPAs or other customer arrangements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 We may not be able to purchase or receive physical delivery of sufficient natural gas to satisfy our delivery obligations under the SPAs, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Under the SPAs with our customers, we are required to make available to them a specified amount of LNG at specified times. The supply of natural gas to our Liquefaction Project to meet our LNG production requirements timely and at sufficient quantities is critical to our operations and the fulfillment of our customer contracts. However, we may not be able to purchase or receive physical delivery of natural gas as a result of various factors, including non-delivery or untimely delivery by our suppliers, depletion of natural gas reserves within regional basins and disruptions to pipeline operations as described in the risk factor Disruptions to the third party supply of natural gas to our pipelines and facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. Our risk is in part mitigated by the diversification of our natural gas supply and transport across suppliers and pipelines, and regionally across basins, and additionally, we have provisions within our supplier contracts that provide certain protections against non-performance. Further, provisions within our SPAs provide certain protection against force majeure events. While historically we have not incurred significant or prolonged disruptions to our natural gas supply that have resulted in a material adverse impact to our operations, due to the criticality of natural gas supply to our production of LNG, our failure to purchase or receive physical delivery of sufficient quantities of natural gas under circumstances where we may not be protected could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to significant construction and operating hazards and uninsured risks, one or more of which may create significant liabilities and losses for us. 
 
 The construction and operation of the Liquefaction Project is, and will be, subject to the inherent risks associated with this type of operation as discussed throughout our risk factors, including explosions, breakdowns or failures of equipment, operational errors by vessel or tug operators, pollution, release of toxic substances, fires, hurricanes and adverse weather conditions and other hazards, each of which could result in significant delays in commencement or interruptions of operations and/or in damage to or destruction of our facilities or damage to persons and property. In addition, our operations and the facilities and vessels of third parties on which our operations are dependent face possible risks associated with acts of aggression or terrorism. 
 
 We do not, nor do we intend to, maintain insurance against all of these risks and losses. We may not be able to maintain desired or required insurance in the future at rates that we consider reasonable. Although losses incurred as a result of self- insured risk have not been material historically, the occurrence of a significant event not fully insured or indemnified against could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Cyclical or other changes in the demand for and price of LNG and natural gas may adversely affect our LNG business and the performance of our customers and could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Our LNG business and the development of domestic LNG facilities and projects generally is based on assumptions about the future availability and price of natural gas and LNG and the prospects for international natural gas and LNG markets. Natural gas and LNG prices have been, and are likely to continue to be, volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to one or more of the following factors: 
 competitive liquefaction capacity in North America; 
 insufficient or oversupply of natural gas liquefaction or receiving capacity worldwide; 
 insufficient LNG tanker capacity; 
 weather conditions, including temperature volatility resulting from climate change, and extreme weather events may lead to unexpected distortion in the balance of international LNG supply and demand; 
 reduced demand and lower prices for natural gas; 
 increased natural gas production deliverable by pipelines, which could suppress demand for LNG; 
 decreased oil and natural gas exploration activities which may decrease the production of natural gas, including as a result of any potential ban on production of natural gas through hydraulic fracturing; 
 cost improvements that allow competitors to provide natural gas liquefaction capabilities at reduced prices; 
 changes in supplies of, and prices for, alternative energy sources which may reduce the demand for natural gas; 
 changes in regulatory, tax or other governmental policies regarding imported or exported LNG, natural gas or alternative energy sources, which may reduce the demand for imported or exported LNG and/or natural gas; 
 political conditions in customer regions; 
 sudden decreases in demand for LNG as a result of natural disasters or public health crises, including the occurrence of a pandemic, and other catastrophic events; 
 adverse relative demand for LNG compared to other markets, which may decrease LNG exports from North America; and 
 cyclical trends in general business and economic conditions that cause changes in the demand for natural gas. 
 
 Adverse trends or developments affecting any of these factors could result in decreases in the price of LNG and/or natural gas, which could materially and adversely affect the performance of our customers, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Failure of exported LNG to be a long term competitive source of energy for international markets could adversely affect our customers and could materially and adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Operations of the Liquefaction Project are dependent upon the ability of our SPA customers to deliver LNG supplies from the United States, which is primarily dependent upon LNG being a competitive source of energy internationally. The success of our business plan is dependent, in part, on the extent to which LNG can, for significant periods and in significant volumes, be supplied from North America and delivered to international markets at a lower cost than the cost of alternative energy sources. Through the use of improved exploration technologies, additional sources of natural gas may be discovered outside the United States, which could increase the available supply of natural gas outside the United States and could result in natural gas in those markets being available at a lower cost than LNG exported to those markets. 
 
 Political instability in foreign countries that import natural gas, or strained relations between such countries and the United States, may also impede the willingness or ability of LNG purchasers or suppliers and merchants in such countries to import LNG from the United States. Furthermore, some foreign suppliers of LNG may have economic or other reasons to obtain their LNG from non-U.S. markets or from our competitors liquefaction facilities in the United States. 
 
 As described in Market Factors and Competition , it is expected that global demand for natural gas and LNG will continue to increase as nations seek more abundant, reliable and environmentally cleaner fuel alternatives to alternative fossil fuel energy sources such as oil and coal. However, as a result of transitions globally from fossil-based systems of energy production and consumption to renewable energy sources, LNG may face increased competition from alternative, cleaner sources of energy as such alternative sources emerge. Additionally, LNG from the Liquefaction Project also competes with other sources of LNG, including LNG that is priced to indices other than Henry Hub. Some of these sources of energy may be available at a lower cost than LNG from the Liquefaction Project in certain markets. The cost of LNG supplies from the United States, including the Liquefaction Project, may also be impacted by an increase in natural gas prices in the United States. 
 
 As described in Market Factors and Competition , we have contracted through our SPAs and IPM agreements approximately 85 of the total production capacity from the Liquefaction Project with approximately 15 years of weighted average remaining life as of December 31, 2022. However, as a result of the factors described above and other factors, the LNG we produce may not remain a long term competitive source of energy in the United States or internationally, particularly when our existing long term contracts begin to expire. Any significant impediment to the ability to continue to secure long term commercial contracts or deliver LNG from the United States could have a material adverse effect on our customers and on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 We face competition based upon the international market price for LNG. 
 
 Our Liquefaction Project is subject to the risk of LNG price competition at times when we need to replace any existing SPA, whether due to natural expiration, default or otherwise, or enter into new SPAs. Factors relating to competition may prevent us from entering into a new or replacement SPA on economically comparable terms as existing SPAs, or at all. Such an event could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. Factors which may negatively affect potential demand for LNG from our Liquefaction Project are diverse and include, among others: 
 increases in worldwide LNG production capacity and availability of LNG for market supply; 
 increases in demand for LNG but at levels below those required to maintain current price equilibrium with respect to supply; 
 increases in the cost to supply natural gas feedstock to our Liquefaction Project; 
 decreases in the cost of competing sources of natural gas or alternate fuels such as coal, heavy fuel oil and diesel; 
 decreases in the price of non-U.S. LNG, including decreases in price as a result of contracts indexed to lower oil prices; 
 increases in capacity and utilization of nuclear power and related facilities; and 
 displacement of LNG by pipeline natural gas or alternate fuels in locations where access to these energy sources is not currently available. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 A cyber attack involving our business, operational control systems or related infrastructure, or that of third party pipelines which supply the Liquefaction Project, could negatively impact our operations, result in data security breaches, impede the processing of transactions, or delay financial or compliance reporting. These impacts could materially and adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow and liquidity. 
 
 The LNG industry is increasingly dependent on business and operational control technologies to conduct daily operations. We rely on control systems, technologies and networks to run our business and to control and manage our liquefaction and shipping operations. Cyber attacks on businesses have escalated in recent years, including as a result of geopolitical tensions, and use of the internet, cloud services, mobile communication systems and other public networks exposes our business and that of other third parties with whom we do business to potential cyber attacks, including third party pipelines which supply natural gas to our Liquefaction Project. For example, in 2021 Colonial Pipeline suffered a ransomware attack that led to the complete shutdown of its pipeline system for six days. Should multiple of the third party pipelines which supply our Liquefaction Project suffer similar concurrent attacks, the Liquefaction Project may not be able to obtain sufficient natural gas to operate at full capacity, or at all. A cyber attack involving our business or operational control systems or related infrastructure, or that of third-party pipelines with which we do business, could negatively impact our operations, result in data security breaches, impede the processing of transactions, or delay financial or compliance reporting. These impacts could materially and adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow and liquidity. 
 
 Outbreaks of infectious diseases, such as the outbreak of COVID-19, at our facilities could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Our facilities at the Liquefaction Project are critical infrastructure and continued to operate during the COVID-19 pandemic through our implementation of workplace controls and pandemic risk reduction measures. While the COVID-19 pandemic, including the Delta and Omicron variants, has had no adverse impact on our on-going operations during this time, the risk of future variants is unknown. While we believe we can continue to mitigate any significant adverse impact to our employees and operations at our critical facilities related to the virus in its current form, the outbreak of a more potent variant or another infectious disease in the future at one or more of our facilities could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 We are entirely dependent on Cheniere and CQP, including employees of Cheniere and its subsidiaries, for key personnel, and the unavailability of skilled workers or failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could adversely affect us. In addition, changes in our key personnel could affect our business results. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Cheniere and its subsidiaries had 1,551 full-time employees, including 517 employees who directly supported the Liquefaction Project. We have contracted with subsidiaries of Cheniere and CQP to provide the personnel necessary for the operation, maintenance and management of the Liquefaction Project. We depend on Cheniere s subsidiaries hiring and retaining personnel sufficient to provide support for the Liquefaction Project. Cheniere competes with other liquefaction projects in the United States and globally, other energy companies and other employers to attract and retain qualified personnel with the technical skills and experience required to construct and operate our facilities and to provide our customers with the highest quality service. We also compete with any other project Cheniere is developing, including its liquefaction project at Corpus Christi, Texas, for the time and expertise of Cheniere s personnel. Further, Cheniere faces competition for these highly skilled employees in the immediate vicinity of the Liquefaction Project and more generally from the Gulf Coast hydrocarbon processing and construction industries. 
 
 Our executive officers are officers and employees of Cheniere and its affiliates. We do not maintain key person life insurance policies on any personnel, and we do not have any employment contracts or other agreements with key personnel binding them to provide services for any particular term. The loss of the services of any of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, our future success will depend in part on our ability to engage, and Cheniere s ability to attract and retain, additional qualified personnel. 
 
 A shortage in the labor pool of skilled workers, remoteness of our site locations, or other general inflationary pressures, changes in applicable laws and regulations or labor disputes could make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and could require an increase in the wage and benefits packages that are offered, thereby increasing our operating costs. Any increase in our operating costs could materially and adversely affect our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 We have numerous contractual and commercial relationships, and conflicts of interest, with Cheniere and its affiliates, including Cheniere Marketing. 
 
 We have agreements to compensate and to reimburse expenses of affiliates of Cheniere. All of these agreements involve conflicts of interest between us, on the one hand, and Cheniere and its other affiliates, on the other hand. In addition, Cheniere is currently operating three Trains at a natural gas liquefaction facility near Corpus Christi, Texas and CCL has entered into fixed price SPAs with third-parties for the sale of LNG from this natural gas liquefaction facility, and may continue to enter into with respect to any future expansion of the Liquefaction Project. 
 
 We expect that there will be additional agreements or arrangements with Cheniere and its affiliates, including future SPAs, transportation, interconnection, marketing and gas balancing arrangements with one or more Cheniere-affiliated entities as well as other agreements and arrangements that cannot now be anticipated. In those circumstances where additional contracts with Cheniere and its affiliates may be necessary or desirable, additional conflicts of interest will be involved. 
 
 We are dependent on Cheniere and its affiliates to provide services to us. If Cheniere or its affiliates are unable or unwilling to perform according to the negotiated terms and timetable of their respective agreement for any reason or terminate their agreement, we would be required to engage a substitute service provider. This could result in a significant interference with operations and increased costs. 

Risks Relating to Regulations 
 
 Failure to obtain and maintain approvals and permits from governmental and regulatory agencies with respect to the design, construction and operation of the Liquefaction Project and the export of LNG could impede operations and construction and could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 The design, construction and operation of the Liquefaction Project and the export of LNG are highly regulated activities. Approvals of the FERC and DOE under Section 3 of the NGA, as well as several other material governmental and regulatory approvals and permits, including several under the CAA and the CWA, are required in order to construct and operate an LNG facility and export LNG. To date, the FERC has issued orders under Section 3 of the NGA authorizing the siting, construction and operation of the six Trains and related facilities of the Liquefaction Project. To date, the DOE has also issued orders under Section 4 of the NGA authorizing us to export domestically produced LNG. 
 
 Authorizations obtained from the FERC, DOE and other federal and state regulatory agencies contain ongoing conditions that we must comply with. We are currently in compliance with such conditions; however, failure to comply or our inability to obtain and maintain existing or newly imposed approvals and permits, filings, which may arise due to factors outside of our control such as a U.S. government disruption or shutdown, political opposition or local community resistance to the siting of LNG facilities due to safety, environmental or security concerns, could impede the operation and construction of our infrastructure. In addition, certain of these governmental permits, approvals and authorizations are or may be subject to rehearing requests, appeals and other challenges. There is no assurance that we will obtain and maintain these governmental permits, approvals and authorizations, or that we will be able to obtain them on a timely basis. Any impediment could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 
 
 Existing and future safety, environmental and similar laws and governmental regulations could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating costs or construction costs and restrictions. 
 
 Our business is and will be subject to extensive federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations applicable to our construction and operation activities relating to, among other things, air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources, and health and safety. Many of these laws and regulations, such as the CAA, the Oil Pollution Act, the CWA and the RCRA, and analogous state laws and regulations, restrict or prohibit the types, quantities and concentration of substances that can be released into the environment in connection with the construction and operation of our facilities, and require us to maintain permits and provide governmental authorities with access to our facilities for inspection and reports related to our compliance. In addition, certain laws and regulations authorize regulators having jurisdiction over the construction and operation of our terminal, including the FERC, PHMSA, EPA and Coast Guard, to issue regulatory enforcement actions, which may restrict or limit operations or increase compliance or operating costs. Violation of these laws and regulations could lead to substantial liabilities, compliance orders, fines and penalties, difficulty obtaining and maintaining permits from regulatory agencies or to capital expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. Federal and state laws impose liability, without regard to fault or the lawfulness of the original conduct, for the release of certain types or quantities of hazardous substances into the environment. As the owner and operator of our facilities, we could be liable for the costs of cleaning up hazardous substances released into the environment at or from our facilities and for resulting damage to natural resources. 
 
 The EPA has finalized or proposed multiple GHG regulations that impact our assets and supply chain. Further, the IRA includes a charge on methane emissions above certain emissions thresholds employing empirical emissions data that will apply to our facilities beginning in calendar year 2024. In addition, other international, federal and state initiatives may be considered in the future to address GHG emissions through treaty commitments, direct regulation, market-based regulations such as a GHG emissions tax or cap-and-trade programs or clean energy or performance-based standards. Such initiatives could affect the demand for or cost of natural gas, which we consume at our terminals, or could increase compliance costs for our operations. 
 
 Revised, reinterpreted or additional guidance, laws and regulations at local, state, federal or international levels that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating or construction costs and restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. It is not possible at this time to predict how future regulations or legislation may address GHG emissions and impact our business. 
 
 On February 28, 2022, the EPA removed a stay of formaldehyde standards in the National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants NESHAP Subpart YYYY for stationary combustion turbines located at major sources of hazardous air pollutant HAP emissions. Owners and operators of lean remix gas-fired turbines and diffusion flame gas-fired turbines at major sources of HAP that were installed after January 14, 2003 were required to comply with NESHAP Subpart YYYY by March 9, 2022. We do not believe that our operations, or the construction and operations of our liquefaction facilities, will be materially and adversely affected by such regulatory actions. 
 
 Other future legislation and regulations, such as those relating to the transportation and security of LNG exported from the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal or climate policies of destination countries in relation to their obligations under the Paris Agreement or other national climate change-related policies, could cause additional expenditures, restrictions and delays in our business and to our proposed construction activities, the extent of which cannot be predicted and which may require us to limit substantially, delay or cease operations in some circumstances. 
 
 Total expenditures related to environmental and similar laws and governmental regulations, including capital expenditures, were immaterial to our Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Revised, reinterpreted or additional laws and regulations that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating or construction costs and restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, contracts, financial condition, operating results, cash flow, liquidity and prospects. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We may in the future be involved as a party to various legal proceedings, which are incidental to the ordinary course of business. We regularly analyze current information and, as necessary, provide accruals for probable liabilities on the eventual disposition of these matters. 
 
 LDEQ Matter 
 
 Certain of Cheniere s subsidiaries are in discussions with the LDEQ to resolve self-reported deviations arising from operation of the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal and the commissioning of the Liquefaction Project, and relating to certain requirements under its Title V Permit. The matter involves deviations self-reported to LDEQ pursuant to the Title V Permit and covering the time period from January 1, 2012 through March 25, 2016. On April 11, 2016, certain of Cheniere s subsidiaries received a Consolidated Compliance Order and Notice of Potential Penalty (the Compliance Order from LDEQ covering deviations self-reported during that time period. Certain of Cheniere s subsidiaries continue to work with LDEQ to resolve the matters identified in the Compliance Order. We do not expect that any ultimate sanction will have a material adverse impact on our financial results. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 PHMSA Matter 
 
 In February 2018, the PHMSA issued a Corrective Action Order (the CAO to us in connection with a minor LNG leak from one tank and minor vapor release from a second tank at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal (the 2018 tank incident ). These two tanks have been taken out of operational service while we conduct analysis, repair and remediation. On April 20, 2018, we and PHMSA executed a Consent Agreement and Order (the Consent Order that replaces and supersedes the CAO. On July 9, 2019, PHMSA and FERC issued a joint letter setting out operating conditions required to be met prior to us returning the tanks to service. In July 2021, PHMSA issued a Notice of Probable Violation NOPV and Proposed Civil Penalty to us alleging violations of federal pipeline safety regulations relating to the 2018 tank incident and proposing civil penalties totaling 2,214,900. On September 16, 2021, PHMSA issued an Amended NOPV that reduced the proposed penalty to 1,458,200. On October 12, 2021, we responded to the Amended NOPV, electing not to contest the alleged violations in the Amended NOPV and electing to pay the proposed reduced penalty. PHMSA notified us in a letter dated November 9, 2021 that the case was considered closed. We continue to coordinate with PHMSA and FERC to address the matters relating to the 2018 tank incident, including repair approach and related analysis. One tank has been placed back into operational service. We do not expect that the Consent Order and related analysis, repair and remediation or resolution of the NOPV will have a material adverse impact on our financial results or operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED MEMBER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Introduction 
 
 The following discussion and analysis presents management s view of our business, financial condition and overall performance and should be read in conjunction with our Financial Statements and the accompanying notes. This information is intended to provide investors with an understanding of our past performance, current financial condition and outlook for the future. Discussion of 2020 items and variance drivers between the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to December 31, 2020 are not included herein and can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our annual report on Form 10-K for t he fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 . 
 
 Our discussion and analysis includes the following subjects: 
 Overview 
 Overview of Significant Events 
 Market E nvironment 
 Results of Operations 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Recent Accounting Standards 

Overview 
 
 We are a limited liability company formed by CQP to provide clean, secure and affordable LNG to integrated energy companies, utilities and energy trading companies around the world. We own the natural gas liquefaction and export facility located at Sabine Pass, Louisiana (the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal with six operational natural gas liquefaction Trains (the Liquefaction Project ). For further discussion of our business, see Items 1. and 2. Business and Properties . 
 
 Our long-term customer arrangements form the foundation of our business and provide us with significant, stable, long-term cash flows. We contract our anticipated production capacity under SPAs, in which our customers are generally required to pay a fixed fee with respect to the contracted volumes irrespective of their election to cancel or suspend deliveries of LNG cargoes, and under IPM agreements, in which the gas producer sells natural gas to us on a global LNG index price, less a fixed liquefaction fee, shipping and other costs. Through our SPAs and IPM agreement, we have contracted approximately 85 of the total production capacity from the Liquefaction Project with approximately 15 years of weighted average remaining life as of December 31, 2022. We believe that continued global demand for natural gas and LNG, as further described in Market Factors and Competition in Items 1. and 2. Business and Properties, will provide a foundation for additional growth in our business in the future. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Overview of Significant Events 
 
 Our significant events since January 1, 2022 and through the filing date of this Form 10-K include the following: 
 Strategic 
 In February 2023, we and our affiliate initiated the pre-filing review process with the FERC under the National Environmental Policy Act for an expansion adjacent to the Liquefaction Project consisting of up to three Trains with an expected total production capacity of approximately 20 mtpa of LNG. This expansion may be developed and constructed by an affiliate of ours outside of the Liquefaction Project. 
 In November 2022, we entered into an SPA with Cheniere Marketing for approximately 0.85 mtpa of LNG associated with the IPM agreement between us and Tourmaline Oil Marketing Corp., a subsidiary of Tourmaline Oil Corp (as supplier) Tourmaline ), discussed below. 
 In June 2022, we entered into an SPA with Chevron U.S.A. Inc. Chevron to sell Chevron approximately 1.0 mtpa of LNG between 2026 and 2042. 
 In February 2022, in connection with a prior commitment from Cheniere to collateralize financing for Train 6 of the Liquefaction Project: 
 Cheniere Marketing entered into agreements to novate to us certain SPAs entered into with ENN LNG (Singapore) Pte Ltd. and a subsidiary of Glencore plc, with effective dates of January 1, 2023 and February 17, 2022, respectively, aggregating approximately 21 million tonnes of LNG to be delivered between 2023 and 2035. 
 The board of directors of CQP approved our entry into (1) an agreement to novate to us an IPM agreement between Corpus Christi Liquefaction Stage III, LLC CCL Stage III ), formerly a wholly owned direct subsidiary of Cheniere (as purchaser) that merged with and into Corpus Christi Liquefaction, LLC, and Tourmaline to purchase 140,000 MMBtu per day of natural gas at a price based on Platts Japan Korea Marker JKM ), for a term of approximately 15 years beginning in early 2023 (the Tourmaline IPM and (2) a FOB SPA with Cheniere Marketing International LLP to sell LNG associated with the natural gas to be supplied under the IPM agreement. The agreement to assign the Tourmaline IPM agreement from CCL Stage III to us was executed and the assignment was effective on March 15, 2022. 
 
 Operational 
 As of February 17, 2023, approximately 1,990 cumulative LNG cargoes totaling over 135 million tonnes of LNG have been produced, loaded and exported from the Liquefaction Project. 
 On February 4, 2022, substantial completion of Train 6 of the Liquefaction Project was achieved (the Train 6 Completion ). 
 
 Financial 
 In December and November 2022, we issued an aggregate principal amount of 70 million of 6.293 Senior Secured Notes due 2037 (the 6.293 Senior Notes and 430 million of 5.900 Senior Secured Amortizing Notes due 2037 (the 5.900 Senior Notes ), respectively, with a weighted average life of approximately 9.6 years and 9.5 years, respectively. The proceeds from the 6.293 Senior Notes and the 5.900 Senior Notes, together with cash on hand, were used to redeem the remaining outstanding amount of SPL s 1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2023 (the 2023 Senior Notes ), subsequent to the 300 million redemption in October 2022. 
 In September 2022, Moody s Corporation Moody s upgraded our issuer credit ratings from Baa3 to Baa2, with a stable outlook. Additionally, in September 2022, Fitch Ratings Fitch upgraded our issuer credit ratings from BBB- to BBB, an investment grade credit rating, with a stable outlook. In February 2023, S P Global Ratings S P upgraded our issuer credit ratings from BBB to BBB+ with stable outlook. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Market Environment 
 
 The LNG market in 2022 saw unprecedented price volatility across all natural gas and LNG benchmarks. Gas market fundamentals across the globe were tight and exacerbated by the Russia / Ukraine war risks, and later by the drastic reduction in Russian natural gas flows to the European Union EU ). Concerns over low natural gas and LNG inventories and low additional LNG supply availability early in the year were intensified by the war dynamics in Europe and by further constraints on natural gas and LNG supplies caused by the outage at the Freeport LNG facility in June and the explosion on the Nordstream 1 and Nordstream 2 Pipelines in September. Several EU policy initiatives were passed to ensure underground gas storage in the region was filled before winter. Europe had to compete for LNG cargoes resulting in unprecedented price spikes. These conditions were worsened by high coal prices, low nuclear generation output and low hydro levels in Europe, which limited optionality for power generators and deepened the energy crisis in Europe. 
 
 Despite the generally tight supply conditions, according to Kpler, global LNG demand grew by approximately 5 from 2021, adding an additional 19.5 million tonnes to the overall market. LNG imports into Europe and Turkey, increased by 45.9 million tonnes, or 61 year-over-year in 2022. This growth was primarily accompanied by a pronounced slowdown in economic activity in China, which contributed to a 7 decrease in Asia s LNG demand of 19.1 million tonnes from 2021. These sizeable EU LNG requirements resulting from the war fallout and the increase in global demand, especially demand for increased imports to Europe and Turkey, exposed the vulnerability of the LNG industry in terms of supply constraints and under-investments. This was manifested in the price levels and the magnitude of the price spreads between the benchmarks. As an example, the Dutch Title Transfer Facility TTF monthly settlement prices averaged 40.9/MMBtu in 2022, approximately 184 higher than the 14.4/MMBtu average in 2021, and the TTF monthly settlement prices averaged 42.3/MMBtu in the fourth quarter of 2022, approximately 46 higher than the 28.9/MMBtu average in the fourth quarter of 2021. Similarly, the 2022 average settlement price for the JKM increased 128 year-over-year to an average of 34.2/MMBtu in 2022, and the fourth quarter of 2022 average settlement price for the JKM increased 38 year-over-year to an average of 38.5/MMBtu. This extreme price increase triggered a strong supply response from the U.S., which played a significant role in balancing the global LNG market. Despite the outage at Freeport LNG, the U.S. exported approximately 77 million tonnes of LNG in 2022, a gain of approximately 9 from 2021, as the market continued to pull on supplies from our facilities and those of our competitors. Exports from our Liquefaction Project reached 29.1 million tonnes, representing over 70 of the gain in the U.S. total for the year. 
 
 Despite the global impacts of the Russia / Ukraine war, we do not believe we have significant exposure to adverse direct or indirect impacts of the war, as we do not conduct business in Russia and refrain from business dealings with Russian entities. Additionally, we are not aware of any specific adverse direct or indirect effects of the war on our supply chain. Consequently, we believe we are well positioned to help meet the needs of our international LNG customers to overcome their supply shortages. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Variance Revenues LNG revenues 11,507 7,639 3,868 LNG revenues affiliate 4,568 1,472 3,096 LNG revenues related party 1 (1) Total revenues 16,075 9,112 6,963 Operating costs and expenses Cost of sales (excluding items shown separately below) 11,885 5,289 6,596 Cost of sales affiliate 262 128 134 Cost of sales related party 17 (17) Operating and maintenance expense 652 548 104 Operating and maintenance expense affiliate 482 457 25 Operating and maintenance expense related party 72 46 26 General and administrative expense 4 (4) General and administrative expense affiliate 66 61 5 Depreciation and amortization expense 539 468 71 Other 6 (6) Total operating costs and expenses 13,958 7,024 6,934 Income from operations 2,117 2,088 29 Other income (expense) Interest expense, net of capitalized interest (667) (622) (45) Loss on modification or extinguishment of debt (2) (5) 3 Other income, net 7 7 Total other expense (662) (627) (35) Net income 1,455 1,461 (6) 
 
 Operational volumes loaded and recognized from the Liquefaction Project 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Variance LNG volumes loaded and recognized as revenues (in TBtu) (1) 1,520 1,288 232 
 
 (1) The year ended December 31, 2021 includes eight TBtu that were loaded at our affiliate s facility. 
 
 Net income 
 
 Our net income was 1.5 billion for both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 There was an unfavorable variance of 1.2 billion in derivative losses from changes in fair value in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period of 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022 we incurred losses of 757 million on the derivative liability associated with the Tourmaline IPM agreement following its assignment to us from CCL Stage III in March 2022. See Overview of Significant Events for further discussion of the assignment. The associated losses following the assignment were primarily attributed to our lower credit risk profile relative to that of CCL Stage III, resulting in a higher derivative liability given reduced risk of our own nonperformance and unfavorable shifts in the international forward commodity curve. The losses on the Tourmaline IPM agreement, along with losses on our other derivative instruments, were offset by an increase in LNG revenues, net of cost of sales and excluding the effect of derivative losses, of 1.4 billion, approximately half of which was attributable to higher margins on sales indexed to Henry Hub, with variable consideration on our long-term SPAs generally priced at 115 of Henry Hub, and half of which was attributable to increased volume delivered between the comparable periods, in part due to the Train 6 Completion. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 The following is additional detailed discussion of the significant variance drivers of the change in net income by line item: 
 Revenues . 7.0 billion increase between comparable periods primarily attributable to: 
 5.2 billion increase due to higher pricing per MMBtu, from increased Henry Hub pricing; and 
 1.8 billion increase due to higher volumes of LNG delivered between the periods, which increased 38 TBtu or 5 , as result of the additional production capacity of approximately 5 mtpa arising from the Train 6 Completion. 
 Operating costs and expenses . 6.9 billion increase between comparable periods primarily attributable to: 
 5.5 billion increase in cost of sales excluding the effect of derivative losses described below, primarily as a result of 5.4 billion in increased cost of natural gas feedstock largely due to higher U.S. natural gas prices and, to a lesser extent, from increased volume of natural gas liquified and delivered as LNG, as discussed above under the caption Revenues ; and 
 1.2 billion unfavorable variance in derivative losses from changes in fair value and settlements included in cost of sales, from 32 million derivative gain in the year ended December 31, 2021 to 1.2 billion derivative loss in the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to non-cash unfavorable changes in fair value of our commodity derivatives that are attributed to positions indexed to international gas prices, specifically associated with the Tourmaline IPM agreement that was assigned to us as discussed in Net income above. 
 Significant factors affecting our results of operations 
 
 In addition to sources and uses of liquidity as discussed in Liquidity and Capital Resources , below are additional significant factors that affect our results of operations. 
 
 Gains and losses on derivative instruments 
 
 Derivative instruments are utilized to manage our exposure to commodity-related marketing and price risks and are reported at fair value on our Financial Statements. For commodity derivative instruments related to our IPM agreement assigned to us during the year ended December 31, 2022 as described further in Overview of Significant Events , the underlying LNG sales being economically hedged are accounted for under the accrual method of accounting, whereby revenues expected to be derived from the future LNG sales are recognized only upon delivery or realization of the underlying transaction. Because the recognition of derivative instruments at fair value has the effect of recognizing gains or losses relating to future period exposure, and given the significant volumes, long-term duration and volatility in price basis for certain of our derivative contracts, use of derivative instruments may result in continued volatility of our results of operations based on changes in market pricing, counterparty credit risk and other relevant factors that may be outside our control, notwithstanding the operational intent to mitigate risk exposure over time. 
 
 Commissioning cargoes 
 
 Prior to substantial completion of a Train, amounts received from the sale of commissioning cargoes from that Train are offset against LNG terminal construction-in-process, because these amounts are earned or loaded during the testing phase for the construction of that Train. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we realized offsets to LNG terminal costs of 148 million and 105 million, respectively, corresponding to 13 TBtu and 12 TBtu, respectively, that were related to the sale of commissioning cargoes from Train 6 of the Liquefaction Project. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The following information describes our ability to generate and obtain adequate amounts of cash to meet our requirements in the short term and the long term. In the short term, we expect to meet our cash requirements using operating cash flows and available liquidity, consisting of restricted cash and cash equivalents and available commitments under our credit facilities. In the long term, we expect to meet our cash requirements using operating cash flows and other future potential sources of liquidity, which may include debt offerings. The table below provides a summary of our available liquidity (in millions). Future material sources of liquidity are discussed below. 
 December 31, 2022 Restricted cash and cash equivalents designated for the Liquefaction Project 92 Available commitments under our working capital revolving credit and letter of credit reimbursement agreement (the Working Capital Facility (1) 
 872 Total available liquidity 964 
 
 (1) Available commitments represent total commitments less loans outstanding and letters of credit issued under the Working Capital Facility as of December 31, 2022. See Note 10 Debt of our Notes to Financial Statements for additional information on the Working Capital Facility and other debt instruments. 
 
 Our liquidity position subsequent to December 31, 2022 will be driven by future sources of liquidity and future cash requirements as further discussed below under the caption Future Sources and Uses of Liquidity . 

Future Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 
 Future Sources of Liquidity under Executed Contracts 
 
 Because many of our sales contracts have long-term durations, we are contractually entitled to significant future consideration under our SPAs which has not yet been recognized as revenue. This future consideration is in most cases not yet legally due to us and was not reflected on our Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. In addition, a significant portion of this future consideration is subject to variability as discussed more specifically below. We anticipate that this consideration will be available to meet liquidity needs in the future. The following table summarizes our estimate of future material sources of liquidity to be received from executed contracts as of December 31, 2022 (in billions): 
 Estimated Revenues Under Executed Contracts by Period (1) 2023 2024 - 2027 
 Thereafter Total LNG revenues (fixed fees) (2) 3.7 14.7 34.4 52.8 LNG revenues (variable fees) (2) (3) 8.1 30.6 69.9 108.6 Total 11.8 45.3 104.3 161.4 
 
 (1) Agreements in force as of December 31, 2022 that have terms dependent on project milestone dates are based on the estimated dates as of December 31, 2022. The timing of revenue recognition under GAAP may not align with cash receipts, although we do not consider the timing difference to be material. The estimates above reflect management s assumptions and currently known market conditions and other factors as of December 31, 2022. Estimates are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially as a result of a variety of factors described in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) LNG revenues (including 2.0 billion and 12.9 billion of fixed fees and variable fees, respectively, from affiliates) exclude revenues from contracts with original expected durations of one year or less. Fixed fees are fees that are due to us regardless of whether a customer exercises their contractual right to not take delivery of an LNG cargo under the contract. Variable fees are receivable only in connection with LNG cargoes that are delivered. 
 (3) LNG revenues (variable fees, including affiliate) reflect the assumption that customers elect to take delivery of all cargoes made available under the contract. LNG revenues (variable fees, including affiliate) are based on estimated forward prices and basis spreads as of December 31, 2022. The pricing structure of our SPA arrangements with our customers incorporates a variable fee per MMBtu of LNG generally equal to 115 of Henry Hub, which is paid upon delivery, thus limiting our net exposure to future increases in natural gas prices. Certain of our contracts contain additional variable consideration based on the outcome of contingent events and the movement of various indexes. We have not included such variable consideration to the extent the consideration is considered constrained due to the uncertainty of ultimate pricing and receipt. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 LNG Revenues 
 
 Through our SPAs and IPM agreement, we have contracted approximately 85 of the total production capacity from the Liquefaction Project, with approximately 15 years of weighted average remaining life as of December 31, 2022. The majority of the contracted capacity is comprised of fixed-price, long-term SPAs that we have executed with third parties to sell LNG from the Liquefaction Project. Under the SPAs, the customers purchase LNG on a free on board FOB basis for a price consisting of a fixed fee per MMBtu of LNG (a portion of which is subject to annual adjustment for inflation) plus a variable fee per MMBtu of LNG generally equal to 115 of Henry Hub. Certain customers may elect to cancel or suspend deliveries of LNG cargoes, with advance notice as governed by each respective SPA, in which case the customers would still be required to pay the fixed fee with respect to the contracted volumes that are not delivered as a result of such cancellation or suspension. The variable fees under our SPAs were generally sized with the intention to cover the costs of gas purchases and variable transportation and liquefaction fuel to produce the LNG to be sold under each such SPA. In aggregate, the annual fixed fee portion to be paid by the third party SPA customers is approximately 3.4 billion for the Liquefaction Project. Our long-term SPA customers consist of creditworthy counterparties, with an average credit rating of A, A2 and A by S P, Moody s and Fitch, respectively. A discussion of revenues under our SPAs can be found in Note 11 Revenues of our Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 In addition to the third party SPAs discussed above, we have executed agreements with Cheniere Marketing under SPAs and letter agreements at a price equal to 115 of Henry Hub plus a fixed fee, except for an SPA associated with an IPM agreement for which pricing is linked to international natural gas prices. 
 
 In August 2020, we entered into an arrangement with subsidiaries of Cheniere to provide the ability, in limited circumstances, to potentially fulfill commitments to LNG buyers in the event certain conditions impact operations at either the Sabine Pass or Corpus Christi liquefaction facilities. The purchase price for such cargoes would be (i) 115 of the applicable natural gas feedstock purchase price or (ii) a free-on-board U.S. Gulf Coast LNG market price, whichever is greater. 
 
 Additional Future Sources of Liquidity 
 
 Available Commitments under Credit Facilities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 872 million in available commitments under the Working Capital Facility, subject to compliance with the applicable covenants, to potentially meet liquidity needs. The Working Capital Facility matures in 2025. 
 
 Future Cash Requirements for Operations and Capital Expenditures under Executed Contracts 
 
 We are committed to make future cash payments for operations and capital expenditures pursuant to certain of our contracts. The following table summarizes our estimate of material cash requirements for operations and capital expenditures under executed contracts as of December 31, 2022 (in billions): 
 Estimated Payments Due Under Executed Contracts by Period (1) 2023 2024 - 2027 
 Thereafter Total Purchase obligations (2): Natural gas supply agreements (3) 6.4 12.7 7.3 26.4 Natural gas transportation and storage service agreements (4) 0.4 1.4 3.0 4.8 Other purchase obligations (5) 0.6 1.9 3.2 5.7 Total 7.4 16.0 13.5 36.9 
 
 (1) Agreements in force as of December 31, 2022 that have terms dependent on project milestone dates are based on the estimated dates as of December 31, 2022. The estimates above reflect management s assumptions and currently known market conditions and other factors as of December 31, 2022. Estimates are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially as a result of a variety of factors described in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Purchase obligations consist of agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding that specify fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased. We include contracts for which we have an early termination 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 option if the option is not currently expected to be exercised. We include contracts with unsatisfied conditions precedent if the conditions are currently expected to be met. 
 (3) Pricing of natural gas supply agreements is based on estimated forward prices and basis spreads as of December 31, 2022. Pricing of our IPM agreement is based on global gas market prices less fixed liquefaction fees and certain costs incurred by us. Includes 0.4 billion under natural gas supply agreements with unsatisfied conditions precedent. 
 (4) Includes 1.1 billion of purchase obligations to affiliates and 0.3 billion of purchase obligations to related parties under the natural gas transportation and storage service agreements. 
 (5) Other purchase obligations include 3.6 billion of purchase obligations to affiliates under the TUA and 1.1 billion of purchase obligations to affiliates under services agreements, as well as payments under our partial TUA assignment agreement with TotalEnergies Gas Power North America, Inc. TotalEnergies ), as discussed in Note 1 2 Re lated Party Transactions of our Notes to Financial Statements. 
 Natural Gas Supply, Transportation and Storage Service Agreements 
 
 We have secured natural gas feedstock for the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal through long-term natural gas supply and an IPM agreement. Under our IPM agreement, we pay for natural gas feedstock based on global gas market prices less fixed liquefaction fees and certain costs incurred by us. While our IPM agreement is not a revenue contract for accounting purposes, the payment structure for the purchase of natural gas under the IPM agreement generates a take-or-pay style fixed liquefaction fee, assuming that LNG produced from the natural gas feedstock is subsequently sold at a price approximating the global LNG market price paid for the natural gas feedstock purchase. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have secured approximately 84 of the natural gas supply required to support the total forecasted production capacity of the Liquefaction Project during 2023. Natural gas supply secured decreases as a percentage of forecasted production capacity beyond 2023. Natural gas supply is generally secured on an indexed pricing basis, with title transfer occurring upon receipt of the commodity. As further described in the LNG Revenues section above, the pricing structure of our SPA arrangements with our customers incorporates a variable fee per MMBtu of LNG generally equal to 115 of Henry Hub, which is paid upon delivery, thus limiting our net exposure to future increases in natural gas prices. Inclusive of amounts under contracts with unsatisfied conditions precedent as of December 31, 2022, we have secured up to 5,785 TBtu of natural gas feedstock through agreements with remaining terms that range up to 15 years. A discussion of our natural gas supply and IPM agreements can be found in Note 7 Derivative Instruments of our Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 To ensure that we are able to transport natural gas feedstock to the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal, we have entered into firm pipeline transportation and other agreements to secure firm pipeline transportation capacity from CTPL, a wholly owned subsidiary of CQP, and third party pipeline companies. We have also entered into firm storage services agreements with third parties to assist in managing variability in natural gas needs for the Liquefaction Project. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Although we do not currently have any material capital expenditures under executed contracts, we expect to incur ongoing capital expenditures to maintain our facilities and other assets, as well as to optimize our existing assets and purchase new assets that are intended to grow our productive capacity. See Financially Disciplined Growth section for further discussion. 
 
 Terminal Use Agreements 
 
 We have entered into a TUA with SPLNG to provide berthing for LNG vessels and for unloading, loading, storage and regasification of LNG. Full discussion of our TUA agreement can be found in Note 12 Related Party Transactions of our Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 Additionally, we have entered into a partial TUA assignment agreement with TotalEnergies, another TUA customer, whereby upon substantial completion of Train 5 of the Liquefaction Project, we gained access to substantially all of TotalEnergies capacity and other services provided under TotalEnergies TUA with SPLNG. This agreement provides us with additional berthing and storage capacity at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal that may be used to provide increased flexibility in managing LNG cargo loading and unloading activity and permit us to more flexibly manage our LNG storage capacity. Full 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 discussion of our partial TUA assignment with TotalEnergies can be found in Note 13 Commitments and Cont ingencies of our Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 Additional Future Cash Requirements for Operations and Capital Expenditures 
 
 Corporate Activities 
 
 We have contracts with subsidiaries of Cheniere and CQP for operations, maintenance and management services. Cheniere and its subsidiaries full-time employee headcount was 1,551, including 517 employees who directly supported the Liquefaction Project operations, as of December 31, 2022. Full discussion of our operations, maintenance and management agreements can be found in Note 12 Related Party Transactions of our Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 Financially Disciplined Growth 
 
 Our significant land position at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal provides potential development and investment opportunities for further liquefaction capacity expansion at strategically advantaged locations with proximity to pipeline infrastructure and resources. We expect that any potential future expansion at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal would increase cash requirements to support expanded operations, although expansion could be designed to leverage shared infrastructure to reduce the incremental costs of any potential expansion. 
 
 Future Cash Requirements for Financing under Executed Contracts 
 
 We are committed to make future cash payments for financing pursuant to certain of our contracts. The following table summarizes our estimate of material cash requirements for financing under executed contracts as of December 31, 2022 (in billions): 
 Estimated Payments Due Under Executed Contracts by Period (1) 2023 2024 - 2027 
 Thereafter Total Debt (2) 7.2 4.9 12.1 Interest payments (2) 0.6 1.7 0.7 3.0 Total 0.6 8.9 5.6 15.1 
 
 (1) The estimates above reflect management s assumptions and currently known market conditions and other factors as of December 31, 2022. Estimates are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially as a result of a variety of factors described in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Debt and interest payments are based on the total debt balance, scheduled contractual maturities and fixed or estimated forward interest rates in effect at December 31, 2022. Debt and interest payments do not contemplate repurchases, repayments and retirements that we expect to make prior to contractual maturity. See further discussion in Note 10 Debt of our Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 Debt 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our debt complex was comprised of senior notes with an aggregate outstanding principal balance of 12.1 billion and the Working Capital Facility with no outstanding balances. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants related to our debt agreements. Further discussion of our debt obligations, including the restrictions imposed by these arrangements, can be found in Note 10 Deb t of our Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 Interest 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our senior notes had a weighted average contractual interest rate of 5.13 . Borrowings under the Working Capital Facility are indexed to LIBOR, which is expected to be phased out in 2023. We intend to continue working with our lenders to pursue amendments to our debt agreements that are currently indexed to LIBOR. Undrawn commitments under the Working Capital Facility are subject to commitment fees ranging from 0.10 to 0.30 , subject to change based on our credit rating. Issued letters of credit under the Working Capital Facility are subject to letter of credit fees ranging from 1.125 to 1.750 . There were 328 million aggregate amount of issued letters of credit under the Working Capital Facility as of December 31, 2022. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Additional Future Cash Requirements for Financing 
 
 Revised Capital Allocation Plan 
 
 In September 2022, the board of directors of Cheniere approved a revised long-term capital allocation plan, which may involve the repayment, redemption or repurchase, on the open market or otherwise, of debt, including our senior notes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 1.5 billion of 2023 SPL Senior Notes were redeemed pursuant to the capital allocation plan. 

Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 The following table summarizes the sources and uses of our restricted cash and cash equivalents (in millions). The table presents capital expenditures on a cash basis; therefore, these amounts differ from the amounts of capital expenditures, including accruals, which are referred to elsewhere in this report. Additional discussion of these items follows the table. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 2,973 1,937 Net cash used in investing activities (434) (612) Net cash used in financing activities (2,545) (1,324) Net increase (decrease) in restricted cash and cash equivalents (6) 1 
 Operating Cash Flows 
 
 Our operating cash net inflows during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 2,973 million and 1,937 million, respectively. The 1,036 million increase was primarily related to increased cash receipts from the sale of LNG cargoes due to higher revenue per MMBtu and volume of LNG delivered. Partially offsetting these operating cash inflows were higher operating cash outflows primarily due to higher natural gas feedstock costs. 
 Investing Cash Flows 
 
 Cash outflows for property, plant and equipment were primarily for the construction costs for Train 6 of the Liquefaction Project, which achieved substantial completion on February 4, 2022, and the construction of the third marine berth at the Liquefaction Project, which achieved substantial completion on October 27, 2022 and which we immediately conveyed to SPLNG. 
 
 Financing Cash Flows 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued an aggregate principal amount of 430 million of 5.900 Senior Notes and 70 million of 6.293 Senior Notes. We incurred 7 million of debt issuance costs related to these issuances. The proceeds of these issuances, together with cash on hand, were used to redeem 1.5 billion in aggregate principal amount of 2023 Senior Notes. We paid 1 million of debt extinguishment costs related to premiums associated with this redemption. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we had borrowings and repayments of 60 million on our Working Capital Facility. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued 482 million of Senior Secured Notes due 2037 on a private placement basis (the 2037 Private Placement Senior Secured Notes ). We incurred 5 million of debt issuance and other financing costs related to this issuance. The proceeds of the 2037 Private Placement Senior Secured Notes, along with capital contributions and cash on hand, were used to redeem 1.0 billion of our 6.25 Senior Secured Notes due 2022. We paid 3 million of debt extinguishment costs related to premiums associated with this redemption. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we made distributions to CQP of 1.8 billion and 1.6 billion, respectively, and received contributions from CQP of 225 million and 821 million, respectively. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The preparation of our Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Financial Statements and the accompanying notes. Management evaluates its estimates and related assumptions regularly, including those related to the valuation of derivative instruments. Changes in facts and circumstances or additional information may result in revised estimates, and actual results may differ from these estimates. Management considers the following to be its most critical accounting estimates that involve significant judgment. 
 
 Fair Value of Level 3 Physical Liquefaction Supply Derivatives 
 
 All derivative instruments are recorded at fair value, other than certain derivatives for which we have elected to apply accrual accounting, as described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our Notes to Financial Statements. We record changes in the fair value of our derivative positions through earnings based on the value for which the derivative instrument could be exchanged between willing parties. Valuation of our physical liquefaction supply derivative contracts is often developed through the use of internal models which includes significant unobservable inputs representing Level 3 fair value measurements as further described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our Notes to Financial Statements. In instances where observable data is unavailable, consideration is given to the assumptions that market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability. This includes assumptions about market risks, such as future prices of energy units for unobservable periods, liquidity and adjustments for transportation prices, and associated events deriving fair value including, but not limited to, evaluation of whether the respective market exists from the perspective of market participants as infrastructure is developed. 
 
 Additionally, the valuation of certain physical liquefaction supply derivatives requires significant judgment in estimating underlying forward commodity curves due to periods of unobservability or limited liquidity. Such valuations are more susceptible to variability particularly when markets are volatile. Provided below are the changes in fair value from valuation of instruments valued through the use of internal models which incorporate significant unobservable inputs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions), which entirely consisted of physical liquefaction supply derivatives. The changes in fair value shown are limited to instruments still held at the end of each respective period. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Favorable (unfavorable) changes in fair value relating to instruments still held at the end of the period 
 (1,032) 74 
 
 The unfavorable change in unrealized loss on instruments held at December 31, 2022 is primarily attributed to the assignment of an IPM agreement to us in March 2022, which is valued based on estimated forward international LNG commodity curves. For additional discussion of the assignment of the IPM agreement, see Note 15 S upplemental Cash Flow Information of our Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 The estimated fair value of level 3 derivatives recognized in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to an asset (liability) of (3.7) billion and 38 million, respectively, consisting entirely of physical liquefaction supply derivatives. 
 
 The ultimate fair value of our derivative instruments is uncertain, and we believe that it is reasonably possible that a material change in the estimated fair value could occur in the near future, particularly as it relates to commodity prices given the level of volatility in the current year. See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for further analysis of the sensitivity of the fair value of our derivatives to hypothetical changes in underlying prices. 

Recent Accounting Standards 
 
 For a summary of recently issued accounting standards, see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Marketing and Trading Commodity Price Risk 
 
 We have entered into commodity derivatives consisting of natural gas supply contracts for the operation of the Liquefaction Project Liquefaction Supply Derivatives ). In order to test the sensitivity of the fair value of the Liquefaction Supply Derivatives to changes in underlying commodity prices, management modeled a 10 change in the commodity price for natural gas for each delivery location as follows (in millions): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Change in Fair Value Fair Value Change in Fair Value Liquefaction Supply Derivatives (3,741) 565 27 1 
 
 See Note 7 Derivative Instruments of our Notes to Financial Statements for additional details about our derivative instruments. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 
 Management s Report to the Member of Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
 32 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 33 
 Statements of Income 
 35 
 Balance Sheets 
 36 
 Statements of Member s Equity (Deficit) 
 37 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 38 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 39 
 Note 1 Organization and Nature of Operations 
 39 
 Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 39 
 Note 3 Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 43 
 Note 4 Trade and Other Receivables, Net of Current Expected Credit Losses 
 43 
 Note 5 Inventory 
 43 
 Note 6 Property, Plant and Equipment, Net of Accumulated Depreciation 
 44 
 Note 7 Derivative Instruments 
 44 
 Note 8 Other Non-current Assets, Net 
 48 
 Note 9 Accrued Liabilities 
 48 
 Note 10 Debt 
 48 
 Note 11 Revenues 
 50 
 Note 12 Related Party Transactions 
 53 
 Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies 
 55 
 Note 14 Customer Concentration 
 56 
 Note 15 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 57 

31 

Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT S REPORT TO THE MEMBER OF SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 As management, we are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC Sabine Pass Liquefaction ). In order to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have conducted an assessment, including testing using the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Sabine Pass Liquefaction s system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and, even when determined to be effective, can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 
 Based on our assessment, we have concluded that Sabine Pass Liquefaction maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of Sabine Pass Liquefaction s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by Sabine Pass Liquefaction s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 
 
 Management s Certifications 
 
 The certifications of Sabine Pass Liquefaction s Principal Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 have been included as Exhibits 31 and 32 in Sabine Pass Liquefaction s Form 10-K. 
 By: /s/ Jack A. Fusco By: /s/ Zach Davis Jack A. Fusco Zach Davis Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Manager and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

32 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Member of Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC and 
 Board of Directors of Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC 
 Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC: 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of income, member s equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Fair value of the level 3 physical liquefaction supply derivatives 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 7 to the financial statements, the Company recorded fair value of level 3 physical liquefaction supply derivatives of (3,719) million, as of December 31, 2022. The physical liquefaction supply derivatives consist of natural gas supply contracts for the operation of the liquefied natural gas facility. The fair value of the level 3 physical liquefaction supply derivatives is developed using internal models that incorporate significant unobservable inputs. 
 We identified the evaluation of the fair value of the level 3 physical liquefaction supply derivatives as a critical audit matter. Specifically, there is subjectivity in certain assumptions used to estimate the fair value, including assumptions for future prices of energy units for unobservable periods and liquidity. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the valuation of the level 3 physical liquefaction supply derivatives. This included controls related to the assumptions for significant unobservable inputs and the fair value model. For a selection of level 3 liquefaction supply derivatives, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in: 
 evaluating the future prices of energy units for observable periods by comparing to market data, including quoted or published forward prices 
 developing independent fair value estimates and comparing the independently developed estimates to the Company s fair value estimates. 
 In addition, we evaluated the Company s assumptions for future prices of energy units for unobservable periods and liquidity by comparing them to market or third-party data, including adjustments for third party quoted transportation prices. 

/s/ KPMG LLP KPMG LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 34 

Table of Content s 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 

 STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues LNG revenues LNG revenues affiliate LNG revenues related party Total revenues Operating costs and expenses Cost of sales (excluding items shown separately below) Cost of sales affiliate Cost of sales related party Operating and maintenance expense Operating and maintenance expense affiliate Operating and maintenance expense related party General and administrative expense General and administrative expense affiliate Depreciation and amortization expense Other Total operating costs and expenses Income from operations Other income (expense) Interest expense, net of capitalized interest ) ) ) Loss on modification or extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Other income, net Total other expense ) ) ) Net income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 

 BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions) 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Restricted cash and cash equivalents Trade and other receivables, net of current expected credit losses Accounts receivable affiliate Accounts receivable related party Advances to affiliate Inventory Current derivative assets Margin deposits Other current assets Other current assets affiliate Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation Debt issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization Derivative assets Other non-current assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND MEMBER S EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Accrued liabilities related party Due to affiliates Deferred revenue Current derivative liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of premium, discount and debt issuance costs Derivative liabilities Other non-current liabilities Other non-current liabilities affiliate Commitments and contingencies (see Note 13 
 Member s equity (deficit) ) Total liabilities and member s equity (deficit) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 

 STATEMENTS OF MEMBER S EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in millions) 

Sabine Pass LNG-LP, LLC Total Member s Equity (Deficit) Balance at December 31, 2019 Capital contributions Distributions ) ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2020 Capital contributions Distributions ) ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2021 Capital contributions Novated IPM Agreement (see Note 15 
 ) ) Non-cash distributions to affiliates for conveyance of assets (see Note 12 
 ) ) Distributions ) ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Amortization of debt issuance costs, premium and discount Loss on modification of debt Losses (gains) on derivative instruments, net ) Total gains on derivatives instruments, net related party ) Net cash used for settlement of derivative instruments ) ) ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade and other receivables, net of current expected credit losses ) ) ) Accounts receivable affiliate ) ) ) Accounts receivable related party ) Advances to affiliate ) ) Inventory ) Margin deposits ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued liabilities related party ) Due to affiliates ) Deferred revenue ) Deferred revenue affiliate ) Other, net ) Other, net affiliate Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuances of debt Redemptions and repayments of debt ) ) ) Debt issuance and other financing costs ) ) ) Debt extinguishment costs ) ) ) Capital contributions Distributions ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in restricted cash and cash equivalents ) ) Restricted cash and cash equivalents beginning of period Restricted cash and cash equivalents end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 
 
 member, Sabine Pass LNG-LP, LLC, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of CQP. We and SPLNG are each indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of Cheniere Investments, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of CQP, a publicly traded limited partnership (NYSE MKT: CQP). CQP is a owned subsidiary of Cheniere, a Houston-based energy company primarily engaged in LNG-related businesses. Cheniere also owns of the general partner interest in CQP through ownership in Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC. 
 
 The natural gas liquefaction and export facility located in Cameron Parish, Louisiana at Sabine Pass (the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal has operational Trains, with Train 6 having achieved substantial completion on February 4, 2022, for a total operational production capacity of approximately mtpa of LNG (the Liquefaction Project ). The Sabine Pass LNG Terminal also has operational regasification facilities owned by SPLNG. 

NOTE 2 

39 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

and million, respectively, on our trade and other receivables and as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had current expected credit losses of on our non-current contract assets. 

40 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

t record any material impairments related to property, plant and equipment during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

t have any derivative instruments designated as cash flow or fair value hedges during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. See Note 7 Derivative Instruments 
 
 years with third parties and have entered into agreements with Cheniere Marketing. We are dependent on the respective customers creditworthiness and their willingness to perform under their respective SPAs. 
 
 See Note 14 Customer Concentration for additional details about our customer concentration. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

t recorded an ARO associated with the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal. Based on the real property lease agreements at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal, at the expiration of the term of the leases we are required to surrender the LNG terminal in good working order and repair, with normal wear and tear and casualty expected. Our property lease agreements at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal have terms of up to years including renewal options. We have determined that the cost to surrender the liquefaction facilities at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal in good order and repair, with normal wear and tear and casualty expected, is immaterial. 
 
 provision or liability for federal or state income taxes is included in the accompanying Financial Statements. At December 31, 2022, the tax 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

billion less than the reported amounts of our assets and liabilities. See Note 12 Related Party Transactions for details about income taxes under our tax sharing agreement. 

NOTE 3 
 
 million and million of restricted cash and cash equivalents, respectively, as required by the above agreement. 

NOTE 4 
 
 Other receivables Total trade and other receivables, net of current expected credit losses 

NOTE 5 
 
 LNG Natural gas Other Total inventory 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

NOTE 6 
 Construction-in-process (1) Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total LNG terminal, net of accumulated depreciation Fixed assets Fixed assets Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total fixed assets, net of accumulated depreciation Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 
 
 million and upon completion, we conveyed the property, plant and equipment associated with the third berth to SPLNG. 
 
 Offsets to LNG terminal costs (1) 

and years, as follows: 
 Components Useful life (years) Water pipelines Liquefaction processing equipment - 
 Other - 
 
 Fixed Assets 
 
 Our fixed assets are recorded at cost and are depreciated on a straight-line method based on estimated lives of the individual assets or groups of assets. 

NOTE 7 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 We value our Liquefaction Supply Derivatives using a market or option-based approach incorporating present value techniques, as needed, using observable commodity price curves, when available, and other relevant data. 
 
 The fair value of our Liquefaction Supply Derivatives is predominantly driven by observable and unobservable market commodity prices and, as applicable to our natural gas supply contracts, our assessment of the associated events deriving fair value including, but not limited to, evaluation of whether the respective market exists from the perspective of market participants as infrastructure is developed. 
 
 We include a significant portion of our Liquefaction Supply Derivatives as Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy as the fair value is developed through the use of internal models which incorporate significant unobservable inputs. In instances where observable data is unavailable, consideration is given to the assumptions that market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability. This includes assumptions about market risks, such as future prices of energy units for unobservable periods, liquidity and volatility. 
 
 The Level 3 fair value measurements of natural gas positions within our Liquefaction Supply Derivatives could be materially impacted by a significant change in certain natural gas and international LNG prices.) Market approach incorporating present value techniques Henry Hub basis spread ) - / ) 
 Option pricing model International LNG pricing spread, relative to Henry Hub (2) - / 

(1) 
 (2) 
 
 Increases or decreases in basis or pricing spreads, in isolation, would decrease or increase, respectively, the fair value of our Liquefaction Supply Derivatives. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

) Realized and change in fair value gains (losses) included in net income (1): Included in cost of sales, existing deals (2) ) ) Included in cost of sales, new deals (3) ) Purchases and settlements: Purchases (4) ) ) Settlements (5) ) ) ) Balance, end of period ) ) Favorable (unfavorable) changes in fair value relating to instruments still held at the end of the period 
 ) ) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 
 All counterparty derivative contracts provide for the unconditional right of set-off in the event of default. We have elected to report derivative assets and liabilities arising from our derivative contracts with the same counterparty and the unconditional contractual right of set-off on a net basis. The use of derivative instruments exposes us to counterparty credit risk, or the risk that a counterparty will be unable to meet its commitments in instances when our derivative instruments are in an asset position. Additionally, counterparties are at risk that we will be unable to meet our commitments in instances where our derivative instruments are in a liability position. We incorporate both our own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in fair value measurements depending on the position of the derivative. In adjusting the fair value of our derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, we have considered the impact of any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, set-off rights and guarantees. 
 
 Liquefaction Supply Derivatives 
 
 We hold Liquefaction Supply Derivatives which are primarily indexed to the natural gas market and international LNG indices. The terms of the Liquefaction Supply Derivatives range up to years, some of which commence upon the satisfaction of certain events or states of affairs. 
 
 The forward notional amount for our Liquefaction Supply Derivatives was approximately TBtu and TBtu as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, excluding notional amounts associated with extension options that were uncertain to be taken as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

) Cost of sales ) ) Cost of sales related party 

Fair Value and Location of Derivative Assets and Liabilities on the Balance Sheets 

Derivative assets Total derivative assets Current derivative liabilities ) ) Derivative liabilities ) ) Total derivative liabilities ) ) Derivative asset (liability), net ) 
 
 million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in margin deposits in our Balance Sheets. 
 
 Balance Sheets Presentation 
 
 Offsetting amounts ) Net assets Gross liabilities ) Offsetting amounts Net liabilities ) As of December 31, 2021 Gross assets Offsetting amounts ) Net assets Gross liabilities ) Offsetting amounts Net liabilities ) 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

NOTE 8 
 
 Advances and other asset conveyances to third parties to support LNG terminal Operating lease assets Advances made under EPC and non-EPC contracts Information technology service prepayments Other Total other non-current assets, net 

NOTE 9 
 Interest costs and related debt fees Liquefaction Project costs Other accrued liabilities Total accrued liabilities 

NOTE 10 
 due 2023 
 due 2024 
 due 2025 
 due 2026 
 due 2027 
 due 2028 
 due 2030 
 weighted average rate due 2037 
 Total Senior Secured Notes Working capital revolving credit and letter of credit reimbursement agreement (the Working Capital Facility 
 Total debt Unamortized premium, discount and debt issuance costs, net ) ) Total long-term debt, net of premium, discount and debt issuance costs 

48 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

Less: Outstanding balance Letters of credit issued Available commitment Priority ranking Senior secured Interest rate on available balance (2) LIBOR plus - or base rate plus - 
 Commitment fees on undrawn balance (2) - 
 Maturity date 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 Restrictive Debt Covenants 
 
 The indentures governing our senior notes and other agreements underlying our debt contain customary terms and events of default and certain covenants that, among other things, may limit our ability to make certain investments or pay dividends or distributions. We are restricted from making distributions under agreements governing our indebtedness generally until, among other requirements, appropriate reserves have been established for debt service using cash or letters of credit and a historical debt service coverage ratio and projected debt service coverage ratio of at least :1.00 is satisfied. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants related to our debt agreements. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Capitalized interest ) ) ) Total interest expense, net of capitalized interest 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Senior notes Level 3 (2) 
 
 (1) 

The estimated fair value of our Working Capital Facility approximates the principal amount outstanding because the interest rates are variable and reflective of market rates and the debt may be repaid, in full or in part, at any time without penalty. 

NOTE 11 
 
 LNG revenues affiliate LNG revenues related party Total revenues from contracts with customers Net derivative gain (loss) (2) ) Total revenues 
 
 (1) million in LNG revenues associated with LNG cargoes for which customers notified us that they would not take delivery. We did t have revenues associated with LNG cargoes for which customers notified us that they would not take delivery during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Revenue is generally recognized upon receipt of irrevocable notice that a customer will not take delivery because our customers have no contractual right to take delivery of such LNG cargo in future periods and our performance obligations with respect to such LNG cargo have been satisfied. 
 (2) 

of Henry Hub. The fixed fee component is the amount payable to us regardless of a cancellation or suspension of LNG cargo deliveries by the customers. The variable fee component is the amount generally payable to us only upon delivery of LNG plus all future adjustments to the fixed fee for inflation. The SPAs and contracted volumes to be made available under the SPAs are not tied to a specific Train; however, the term of each SPA generally commences upon the date of first commercial delivery of a specified Train. Additionally, we have agreements with Cheniere Marketing for which the related revenues are recorded as LNG revenues affiliate. See Note 12 Related Party Transactions for additional information regarding these agreements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

Contract assets represent our right to consideration for transferring goods or services to the customer under the terms of a sales contract when the associated consideration is not yet due. 
 
 Cash received but not yet recognized in revenue Revenue recognized from prior period deferral ) Deferred revenue, end of period 
 
 The following table reflects the changes in our contract liabilities to affiliate, which we classify as other non-current liabilities affiliate on our Balance Sheets (in millions): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Deferred revenue affiliate, beginning of period Cash received but not yet recognized in revenue Revenue recognized from prior period deferral ) Deferred revenue affiliate, end of period 
 
 We record deferred revenue when we receive consideration, or such consideration is unconditionally due from a customer, prior to transferring goods or services to the customer under the terms of a sales contract. Changes in deferred revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are primarily attributable to differences between the timing of revenue recognition and the receipt of advance payments related to delivery of LNG under certain SPAs. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

LNG revenues affiliate Total revenues 
 
 (1) 
 
 We have elected the following exemptions which omit certain potential future sources of revenue from the table above: 
 (1) We omit from the table above all performance obligations that are part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less. 
 (2) The table above excludes substantially all variable consideration under our SPAs. We omit from the table above all variable consideration that is allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation or to a wholly unsatisfied promise to transfer a distinct good or service that forms part of a single performance obligation when that performance obligation qualifies as a series. The amount of revenue from variable fees that is not included in the transaction price will vary based on the future prices of Henry Hub throughout the contract terms, to the extent customers elect to take delivery of their LNG, and adjustments to the consumer price index. Certain of our contracts contain additional variable consideration based on the outcome of contingent events and the movement of various indexes. We have not included such variable consideration in the transaction price to the extent the consideration is considered constrained due to the uncertainty of ultimate pricing and receipt. Approximately and of our LNG revenues from contracts included in the table above during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were related to variable consideration received from customers. Approximately and of our LNG revenues affiliate from contracts included in the table above during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were related to variable consideration received from customers. 
 
 We may enter into contracts to sell LNG that are conditioned upon one or both of the parties achieving certain milestones such as reaching a final investment decision on a certain liquefaction Train, obtaining financing or achieving substantial completion of a Train and any related facilities. These contracts are considered completed contracts for revenue recognition purposes and are included in the transaction price above when the conditions are considered probable of being met. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

NOTE 12 
 Contracts for Sale and Purchase of Natural Gas and LNG (2) Total LNG revenues affiliate LNG revenues related party Natural Gas Transportation and Storage Agreements (3) Cost of sales affiliate Cheniere Marketing Agreements (1) Cargo loading fees under TUA (4) Contracts for Sale and Purchase of Natural Gas and LNG (2) Total cost of sales affiliate Cost of sales related party Natural Gas Transportation and Storage Agreements (3) Natural Gas Supply Agreements (5) Total cost of sales related party Operating and maintenance expense affiliate TUA (4) Natural Gas Transportation Agreement (6) Services Agreements (7) LNG Site Sublease Agreement (8) Total operating and maintenance expense affiliate Operating and maintenance expense related party Natural Gas Transportation and Storage Agreements (3) General and administrative expense affiliate Services Agreements (7) 
 
 (1) of Henry Hub plus a fixed fee, except for an SPA associated with an IPM agreement for which pricing is linked to international natural gas prices, which will commence in January 2023. We also have a master SPA agreement with Cheniere Marketing that allows us to sell and purchase LNG with Cheniere Marketing by executing and delivering confirmations under this agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had million and million of accounts receivable affiliate, respectively, under these agreements with Cheniere Marketing. In addition, we have an arrangement with subsidiaries of Cheniere to provide the ability, in limited circumstances, to potentially fulfill commitments to LNG buyers in the event operational conditions impact operations at either the Sabine Pass or Corpus Christi liquefaction facilities. The purchase price for such cargoes would be the greater of: (a) of the applicable natural gas feedstock purchase price or (b) an FOB U.S. Gulf Coast LNG market price. 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with this related party. 
 (4) Bcf/d of regasification capacity and we are obligated to make monthly capacity payments to SPLNG aggregating approximately million per year (a portion of which is indexed for inflation), continuing until at least May 2036. Additionally, we are required to reimburse SPLNG for our proportionate share of ad valorem taxes incurred based on our contracted share of SPLNG s regasification capacity. CQP has guaranteed our obligations under our TUA. 
 (5) 
 (6) 
 (7) million and million of advances to affiliates, respectively, under the services agreements. The non-reimbursement amounts incurred under these agreements are recorded in general and administrative expense affiliate. 
 (8) million, with renewal options and adjustment for inflation every . As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded other non-current liabilities affiliate of million related to this agreement. 
 
 We had million and million due to affiliates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, under agreements with affiliates as described above. 
 
 Disclosure of future consideration under revenue contracts with affiliates is included in Note 1 1 Revenues . Additionally, disclosure of future contractual obligations with affiliates and related parties is included in Note 1 3 Commitments and Contingencies . 
 
 Other Agreements 
 
 Cooperation Agreement 
 
 We have a cooperation agreement with SPLNG that allows us to retain and acquire certain rights to access the property and facilities that are owned by SPLNG for the purpose of constructing, modifying and operating the Liquefaction Project. In consideration for access given to us, we have agreed to transfer to SPLNG title of certain facilities, equipment and modifications, which SPLNG is obligated to operate and maintain. The term of this agreement is consistent with our TUA described above. In October 2022, we completed construction of the third marine berth at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal for a total cost of million and upon completion, we conveyed the property, plant and equipment associated with the third berth to SPLNG. We did t convey any assets to SPLNG under this agreement during the year ended December 31, 2021. We conveyed million in assets to SPLNG under this agreement during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 State Tax Sharing Agreement 
 
 We have a state tax sharing agreement with Cheniere. Under this agreement, Cheniere has agreed to prepare and file all state and local tax returns which we and Cheniere are required to file on a combined basis and to timely pay the combined state 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

state and local tax payments demanded by Cheniere under the tax sharing agreement. The agreement is effective for tax returns due on or after August 2012. 

NOTE 13 
 years. 
 
 Additionally, we have natural gas transportation and storage service agreements for the Liquefaction Project. The initial term of the natural gas transportation agreements range up to years, with renewal options for certain contracts, and commence upon the occurrence of conditions precedent. The initial terms of our natural gas storage service agreements range up to years. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 (1) 
 (2) billion under natural gas supply agreements with unsatisfied conditions precedent. 
 
 Services Agreements 
 
 We have certain fixed commitments under services and other agreements of billion with third parties and billion with affiliates. 
 
 Substantially all of our commitments to affiliates consist of a TUA with SPLNG pursuant to which we have reserved approximately Bcf/d of regasification capacity. See Note 12 Related Party Transactions for additional information regarding this TUA. 
 
 Additionally, we have a partial TUA assignment agreement with TotalEnergies Gas Power North America, Inc. TotalEnergies ), another TUA customer, whereby upon substantial completion of Train 5, we gained access to substantially all of TotalEnergies capacity and other services provided under TotalEnergies TUA with SPLNG. This agreement provides 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

pending legal matters that would reasonably be expected to have a material impact on our operating results, financial position or cash flows. 

NOTE 14 
 Customer B Customer C Customer D Customer E Customer F 
 
 Less than 10 

India South Korea Ireland United Kingdom Switzerland Other countries Total 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED 

NOTE 15 
 
 Non-cash distributions to affiliates for conveyance of assets Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 
 The balance in property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation funded with accounts payable and accrued liabilities (including affiliate) was million, million and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Novation of IPM Agreement from Corpus Christi Liquefaction Stage III, LLC CCL Stage III 
 
 MMBtu per day of natural gas at a price based on the Platts Japan Korea Marker JKM ), for a term of approximately years beginning in early 2023. The transaction has been accounted for as a transfer between entities under common control, which required us to recognize the obligations assumed at the historical basis of Cheniere. Upon the transfer, which occurred on March 15, 2022, we recognized billion in distributions within our Statements of Member s Equity (Deficit) based on our assumption of current derivative liabilities and derivative liabilities of million and billion, respectively, which represented a non-cash financing activity. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Based on their evaluation as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are (1) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and (2) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 
 During the most recent fiscal quarter, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is included in our Financial Statements and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. MANAGERS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND COMPANY GOVERNANCE 
 
 Omitted pursuant to Instruction I of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Omitted pursuant to Instruction I of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MEMBER MATTERS 
 
 Omitted pursuant to Instruction I of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND MANAGER INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Omitted pursuant to Instruction I of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID . The following table sets forth the fees billed by KPMG LLP for professional services rendered for 2022 and 2021 (in millions): 
 Fiscal 2022 
 Fiscal 2021 
 Audit Fees 2 2 
 
 Audit Fees Audit fees for 2022 and 2021 include fees associated with the audit of our annual Financial Statements, reviews of our interim Financial Statements and services performed in connection with registration statements and debt offerings, including comfort letters and consents. 
 
 Audit-Related Fees There were no audit-related fees in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Tax Fees There were no tax fees in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Other Fees There were no other fees in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Auditor Pre-Approval Policy and Procedures 
 
 We are not a public company and we are not listed on any stock exchange. As a result, we are not required to, and do not, have an independent audit committee, a financial expert or a majority of independent directors. The audit committee of the general partner of CQP has approved all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent accountants and the fees for such services during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 
 (1) Financial Statements Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC: 
 
 Management s Report to the Member of Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
 32 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 33 
 Statements of Income 
 35 
 Balance Sheets 
 36 
 Statements of Member s Equity (Deficit) 
 37 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 38 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 39 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not required, are not applicable, or the required information has been included elsewhere within this Form 10-K. 
 
 (3) Exhibits: 
 
 Certain of the agreements filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K contain representations, warranties, covenants and conditions by the parties to the agreements that have been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement. These representations, warranties, covenants and conditions: 
 
 should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; 
 
 may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the agreements, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreements; 
 
 may apply standards of materiality that differ from those of a reasonable investor; and 
 
 were made only as of specified dates contained in the agreements and are subject to subsequent developments and changed circumstances. 
 
 Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. These agreements are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements. Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. 
 
 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Certificate of Formation of the Company 
 SPL S-4 3.1 11/15/2013 3.2 First Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company 
 SPL S-4 3.2 11/15/2013 4.1 Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2013, by and among the Company, the guarantors that may become party thereto from time to time and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 2/4/2013 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 16, 2013, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 CQP 8-K 4.1.1 4/16/2013 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 4.3 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 16, 2013, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 CQP 8-K 4.1.2 4/16/2013 4.4 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 25, 2013, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 11/25/2013 4.5 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 20, 2014, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 5/22/2014 4.6 Form of 5.750 Senior Secured Note due 2024 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4. 5 above) 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 5/22/2014 4.7 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 20, 2014, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 CQP 8-K 4.2 5/22/2014 4.8 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 3, 2015, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 3/3/2015 4.9 Form of 5.625 Senior Secured Note due 2025 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4. 8 above) 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 3/3/2015 4.10 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 14, 2016, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 6/14/2016 4.11 Form of 5.875 Senior Secured Note due 2026 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.1 0 above) 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 6/14/2016 4.12 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2016, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 9/23/2016 4.13 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 23, 2016, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 CQP 8-K 4.2 9/23/2016 4.14 Form of 5.00 Senior Secured Note due 2027 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.1 3 above) 
 CQP 8-K 4.2 9/23/2016 4.15 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2017, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 3/6/2017 4.16 Form of 4.200 Senior Secured Note due 2028 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.1 5 above) 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 3/6/2017 4.17 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 8, 2020, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 SPL 8-K 4.1 5/8/2020 4.18 Form of 4.500 Senior Secured Note due 2030 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4. 17 above) 
 SPL 8-K 4.1 5/8/2020 4.19 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 29, 2022, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 SPL 8-K 4.1 11/29/2022 4.20 Form of 5.900 Senior Secured Amortizing Note s due 2037 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.19 above) 
 SPL 8-K 4.1 11/29/2022 4.21 Indenture, dated as of February 24, 2017, between the Company, the guarantors that may become party thereto from time to time and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee under the Indenture 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 2/27/2017 4.22 Form of 5.00 Senior Secured Note due 2037 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.2 1 above) 
 CQP 8-K 4.1 2/27/2017 4.23 Indenture, dated as of December 15, 2021, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 SPL 10-K 4.23 2/24/2022 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 4.24 Form of 2.95 Senior Secured Notes due 2037 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.23 above) 
 SPL 10-K 4.23 2/24/2022 4.25 Indenture, dated as of December 15, 2021, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 SPL 10-K 4.25 2/24/2022 4.26 Form of 3.17 Senior Secured Notes due 2037 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.25 above) 
 SPL 10-K 4.25 2/24/2022 4.27 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 15, 2021, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 SPL 10-K 4.27 2/24/2022 4.28 Form of 3.19 Senior Secured Notes due 2037 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.27 above) 
 SPL 10-K 4.27 2/24/2022 4.29 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 15, 2021, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 SPL 10-K 4.29 2/24/2022 4.30 Form of 3.08 Senior Secured Notes due 2037 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.29 above) 
 SPL 10-K 4.29 2/24/2022 4.31 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 15, 2021, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 SPL 10-K 4.31 2/24/2022 4.32 Form of 3.10 Senior Secured Notes due 2037 (Included as Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 4.31 above) 
 SPL 10-K 4.31 2/24/2022 10.1 LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated November 21, 2011, between the Company (Seller) and Gas Natural Aprovisionamientos SDG S.A. (subsequently assigned to Gas Natural Fenosa LNG GOM, Limited) (Buyer) 
 CQP 8-K 10.1 11/21/2011 10.2 Amendment No. 1 of LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated April 3, 2013, between the Company (Seller) and Gas Natural Aprovisionamientos SDG S.A. (subsequently assigned to Gas Natural Fenosa LNG GOM, Limited) (Buyer) 
 CQP 10-Q 10.1 5/3/2013 10.3 Amendment of LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated January 12, 2017, between the Company (Seller) and Gas Natural Fenosa LNG GOM, Limited (assignee of Gas Natural Aprovisionamientos SDG S.A.) (Buyer) 
 SPL 
 (SEC File No. 333-215882) 
 S-4 10.3 2/3/2017 10.4 LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated December 11, 2011, between the Company (Seller) and GAIL (India) Limited (Buyer) 
 CQP 8-K 10.1 12/12/2011 10.5 Amendment No. 1 of LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated February 18, 2013, between the Company (Seller) and GAIL (India) Limited (Buyer) 
 CQP 10-K 10.18 2/22/2013 10.6 Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated January 25, 2012, between the Company (Seller) and BG Gulf Coast LNG, LLC (Buyer) 
 CQP 8-K 10.1 1/26/2012 10.7 LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated January 30, 2012, between the Company (Seller) and Korea Gas Corporation (Buyer) 
 CQP 8-K 10.1 1/30/2012 10.8 Amendment No. 1 of LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated February 18, 2013, between the Company (Seller) and Korea Gas Corporation (Buyer) 
 CQP 10-K 10.19 2/22/2013 10.9 Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated August 5, 2014, between the Company (Seller) and Cheniere Marketing, LLC (Buyer) 
 SPL 8-K 10.1 8/11/2014 10.10 Letter agreement, dated December 8, 2016, amending the Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated August 5, 2014, between the Company and Cheniere Marketing International LLP (as assignee of Cheniere Marketing, LLC) 
 SPL 10-K 10.14 2/24/2017 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.11 Amendment No. 1 of Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated May 3, 2019, by and between the Company and Cheniere Marketing International LLP 
 SPL 10-Q 10.1 5/9/2019 10.12 Letter Agreement, dated December 9, 2020, regarding the Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated August 5, 2014, between the Company and Cheniere Marketing International LLP (as assignee of Cheniere Marketing, LLC). 
 SPL 8-K 10.1 12/9/2020 10.13 Letter Agreement, dated August 4, 2021, regarding the Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated August 5, 2014, between the Company and Cheniere Marketing International LLP (as assignee of Cheniere Marketing, LLC) 
 SPL 10-Q 10.2 8/5/2021 10.14 Letter Agreement, dated August 4, 2021, regarding the Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated August 5, 2014, between the Company and Cheniere Marketing International LLP (as assignee of Cheniere Marketing, LLC) 
 SPL 10-Q 10.3 8/5/2021 10.15 Letter agreement, dated November 3, 2021, regarding the Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated August 5, 2014, between the Company and Cheniere Marketing International LLP (as assignee of Cheniere Marketing, LLC) 
 SPL 10-Q 10.3 11/4/2021 10.16 Letter Agreement, dated November 24, 2021, regarding the Amended and Restated LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (FOB), dated August 5, 2014, between the Company and Cheniere Marketing International LLP (as assignee of Cheniere Marketing, LLC) 
 SPL 8-K 10.1 11/26/2021 10.17 LNG Sale and Purchase Agreement (Tourmaline Oil Marketing Corp), dated June 15, 2022, between the Company and Cheniere Marketing International LLP 
 SPL 10-Q 10.2 11/3/2022 10.18 Management Services Agreement, dated May 14, 2012, by and between Cheniere Terminals and the Company 
 CQP 8-K 10.6 5/15/2012 10.19 Amendment to Management Services Agreement, dated September 28, 2015, between Cheniere Terminals and the Company 
 SPL 10-Q/A 10.8 11/9/2015 10.20 Operation and Maintenance Agreement (Sabine Pass Liquefaction Facilities), dated May 14, 2012, by and among Cheniere LNG O M Services, LLC, Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC and the Company 
 CQP 8-K 10.5 5/15/2012 10.21 Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Sabine Pass Liquefaction O M Agreement), dated as of November 20, 2013, by and between Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC and Cheniere Investments 
 Cheniere Holdings S-1/A 10.76 12/2/2013 10.22 Amendment to Operation and Maintenance Agreement (Sabine Pass Liquefaction Facilities), dated September 28, 2015, by and among Cheniere LNG O M Services, LLC, Cheniere Investments and the Company 
 SPL 10-Q/A 10.7 11/9/2015 10.23 Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between the Company and Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. (Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.) 
 SPL 8-K 10.1 11/9/2018 10.24 Change order to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between the Company and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: the Change Order CO-00001 Modifications to Insurance Language Change Order, dated June 3, 2019 
 SPL 10-Q 10.3 8/8/2019 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.25 Change order to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between the Company and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00002 Fuel Provisional Sum Closure, dated July 8, 2019, (ii) the Change Order CO-00003 Currency Provisional Sum Closure, dated July 8, 2019, (iii) the Change Order CO-00004 Foreign Trade Zone, dated July 2, 2019, (iv) the Change Order CO-00005 NGPL Gate Access Security Coordination Provisional Sum, dated July 17, 2019, (v) the Change Order CO-00006 Alternate to Adams Valves, dated August 14, 2019, (vi) the Change Order CO-00007 E-1503 to HRU Permanent Drain Piping, dated August 14, 2019, (vii) the Change Order CO-00008 Differing Subsurface Soil Conditions - Train 6 ISBL, dated August 27, 2019, (viii) the Change Order CO-00009 LNG Berth 3, dated September 25, 2019 and (iv) the Change Order CO-00010 Cold Box Redesign and Addition of Inspection Boxes on Methane Cold Box, dated September 16, 2019 
 SPL 10-Q 10.1 11/1/2019 10.26 Change order to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between the Company and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00011 Insurance Provisional Sum Interim Adjustment, dated October 1, 2019 and (ii) the Change Order CO-00012 Replacement of Timber Piles with Pre-Stressed Concrete Piles, dated October 30, 2019 
 SPL 10-K 10.23 2/25/2020 10.27 Change order to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between the Company and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00013 Cost to Comply with SPL FTZ (FTZ entries, bonded transports and receipts for AG Pipe Spools Only), dated February 10, 2020, (ii) the Change Order CO-00014 Permanent Access Road to Third Berth, dated February 10, 2020, (iii) the Change Order CO-00015 Modifications to Schedule Bonus Language, dated February 10, 2020, (iv) the Change Order CO-00016 LNG Berth 3 LNTP No 3, dated January 31, 2020 and (v) the Change Order CO-00017 Construction Doc Fender Guards and LP Fuel Gas Overpressure Interlock, dated March 18, 2020 
 SPL 10-Q 10.4 4/30/2020 10.28 Change order to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between the Company and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00018 Electrical Studies for GTG Grid Modification, dated April 2, 2020, (ii) the Change Order CO-00019 Third Berth - Change in 5kV Electrical Tie-In, dated April 30, 2020, (iii) the Change Order CO-00020 LNG Berth 3 LNTP No. 4, dated May 4, 2020, (iv) the Change Order CO-00021 Train 6 P1601 A/B/ Flange Changes, dated May 27, 2020 and (v) the Change Order CO-00022 Train 6 H2S Skid Modifications to Level Transmitters GTG Pressure Range Change on PT-573 A/B, dated June 4, 2020 
 SPL 10-Q 10.2 8/6/2020 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.29 Change order to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between the Company and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00023 Third Berth Vapor Fence Provisional Sum Scope Removal and Closeout, dated June 22, 2020, (ii) the Change Order CO-00024 Train 6 Thermowell Upgrades, dated June 22, 2020, (iii) the Change Order CO-00025 Third Berth Bubble Curtain, dated June 22, 2020, (iv) the Change Order CO-00026 Third Berth Fuel Provisional Sum Closure Change Order, dated July 14, 2020, (v) the Change Order CO-00027 Third Berth Currency Provisional Sum Closure Change Order, dated July 20, 2020, (vi) the Change Order CO-00028 Train 6 Hot Oil WHRU PSV Bypass, dated August 11, 2020 and (vii) the Change Order CO-00029 Change in Law IMO 2020 Regulatory Change Low Sulphur Emissions on Marine Vessels, dated August 25, 2020 
 SPL 10-Q 10.1 11/6/2020 10.30 Change order to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between the Company and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00030 Third Berth Soil Preparation Provisional Sum Interim Adjustment Change Order, dated September 16, 2020, (ii) the Change Order CO-00031 Provisional Sum Consolidation (PAB, Taxes Insurance), dated October 2, 2020, (iii) the Change Order CO-00032 COVID-19 Impacts, dated October 2, 2020, (iv) the Change Order CO-00033 Third Berth - Jetty Building (00A-4041) - Clean Agent System, dated November 2, 2020 and (v) the Change Order CO-00034 Vanessa Spare Valves, dated November 18, 2020 
 SPL 10-K 10.26 2/24/2021 10.31 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between the Company and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00035 Impacts from Hurricanes Laura and Delta, dated December 22, 2020, (ii) the Change Order CO-00036 Third Berth - Add N2 Connection on Liquid Hybrid SVT Loading Arm Apex, dated December 22, 2020, (iii) the Change Order CO-00037 Third Berth Design Vessels Update, dated December 22, 2020, (iv) the Change Order CO-00038 Train 6 PV-16002 FV-15104 Valve Trim Upgrades, dated January 21, 2021, (v) the Change Order CO-00039 Third Berth Design Update to Supply Bunkering Fuel, dated February 11, 2021, (vi) the Change Order CO-00040 LNG Benchmark 7 Elevation Change, dated February 11, 2021, (vii) the Change Order CO-00041 Costs to Comply with SPL FTZ (Excluding Pipe Spools), dated February 12, 2021 and (viii) the Change Order CO-00042 COVID-19 Impacts 1Q2021, dated March 12, 2021 
 SPL 10-Q 10.1 5/4/2021 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.32 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between the Company and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00043 Third Berth SVT Loading Arm Spares, dated April 9, 2021, (ii) the Change Order CO-00044 Third Berth U/G Directional Drilling Cathodic Protection Provisional Sum Closures, dated April 9, 2021, (iii) the Change Order CO-00045 Winter Storm Impacts, dated April 9, 2021, (iv) the Change Order CO-00046 NGPL Security Provisional Sum Interim Adjustment, dated June 15, 2021, (v) the Change Order CO-00047 80 Acres Bridge, dated June 15, 2021 and (vi) the Change Order CO-00048 AGRU Additions for Lean Solvent Overpressure, dated June 15, 2021 
 SPL 10-Q 10.1 8/5/2021 10.33 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between the Company and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00049 COVID-19 Impacts 2Q2021, dated July 6, 2021, (ii) CO-00050 Third Berth Bunkering Ship Modifications Pre-Investment for Foundations, dated July 6, 2021, (iii) CO-00051 Thermal Oxidizer Controls Change, dated September 8, 2021, (iv) CO-00052 Third Berth Spare Beacon and Additional Cable Tray, dated September 8, 2021 and (v) CO-00053 Train 6 Gearbox Assembly Replacement for Unit 1411, dated September 24, 2021 
 SPL 10-Q 10.1 11/4/2021 10.34 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between the Company and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00054 80 Acres Bridge Credit, dated November 30, 2021, (ii) CO-00055 Change in Law LPDES Permit - Water Treatment Filter Washing, dated December15, 2021, (iii) CO-00056 Impacts from Hurricane Ida, dated December 15, 2021 and (iv) CO-00057 Impacts from Hurricane Nicholas, dated December 15, 2021 
 SPL 10-K 10.33 2/24/2022 10.35 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between the Company and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00058 COVID-19 Impacts 3Q2021, dated January 6, 2022, (ii) CO-00059 Spill Containment SIL 2 Interlock, dated January 11, 2022, (iii) the Change Order CO-00060 Third Berth Soil Preparation Provisional Sum Closure, dated March 15, 2022, (iv) the Change Order CO-00061 COVID-19 Impacts 4Q2021, dated March 15, 2022 and (v) the Change Order CO-00062 FERC Condition 61, dated March 15, 2022 
 SPL 10-Q 10.1 5/4/2022 10.36 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between the Company and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00063 FERC Condition 78, dated May 6, 2022, (ii) the Change Order CO-00064 FERC Impact to Pipe Installation, dated June 14, 2022, (iii) the Change Order CO-00065 Spill Containment Sil 2 Interlock, dated June 15, 2022 and (iv) the Change Order CO-00066 Marine Dredging and Management Oversight Provisional Sums Closure, dated June 16, 2022 
 SPL 10-Q 10.1 8/4/2022 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.37 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between the Company and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00067 Performance and Attendance Bonus PAB Provisional Sum Closure, dated August 18, 2022, (ii) the Change Order CO-00068 Performance and Attendance Bonus PAB Provisional Sum Closure (Reconciliation to CO-00067), dated August 18, 2022, and (iii) the Change Order CO-00069 COVID-19 Impacts 1Q2022 and 2Q2022, dated August 29, 2022 
 SPL 10-Q 10.1 11/3/2022 10.38 Change orders to the Lump Sum Turnkey Agreement for the Engineering, Procurement and Construction of the Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility, dated November 7, 2018, by and between the Company and Bechtel Oil Gas and Chemicals, Inc.: (i) the Change Order CO-00070 80-Acres Bridge, dated October 28, 2022, (ii) the Change Order CO-00071 Mooring System Low-Tension Common Alarm, dated October 31, 2022, (iii) the Change Order CO-00072 FERC Hydrocarbon Permit Conditions, dated October 31, 2022 , (iv) the Change Order CO-00073 BN#2 Beacon Pile Relocation, dated October 31, 2022 and (v) the Change Order CO-00074 FERC Condition 56: ISA 84 Gas Detection, dated October 31, 2022 
 10.39 Second Amended and Restated LNG Terminal Use Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2012, between the Company and SPLNG 
 SPLNG 8-K 10.1 8/6/2012 10.40 Letter Agreement, dated May 28, 2013, by and between the Company and SPLNG 
 SPLNG 10-Q 10.1 8/2/2013 10.41 Third Amended and Restated Common Terms Agreement, among the Company, as borrower, the Secured Debt Holder Group Representatives party thereto, the Secured Hedge Representatives party thereto, the Secured Gas Hedge Representatives party thereto and Soci t G n rale, as the Common Security Trustee and the Intercreditor Agent 
 SPL 8-K 10.2 3/23/2020 10.42 First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Common Terms Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2021, among the Company, as borrower, the Secured Debt Holder Group Representatives party thereto, the Secured Hedge Representatives party thereto, the Secured Gas Hedge Representatives party thereto and Soci t G n rale, as the Common Security Trustee and the Intercreditor Agent 
 SPL 10-Q 10.2 11/4/2021 10.43 Working Capital Revolving Credit and Letter of Credit Reimbursement Agreement, among the Company, as borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Company, The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Senior Facility Agent, Soci t G n rale, as the Common Security Trustee, the issuing banks and lenders from time to time party thereto and other participants 
 SPL 8-K 10.1 3/23/2020 10.44 Third Amended and Restated Accounts Agreement, among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, Soci t G n rale, as the Common Security Trustee, and Citibank, N.A. as the Accounts Bank 
 SPL 8-K 10.3 3/23/2020 10.45 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2022, between the Company and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC 
 SPL 8-K 10.1 11/29/2022 10.46 Tax Sharing Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2012, by and between Cheniere and the Company 
 SPL S-4 10.30 11/15/2013 31.1 Certification by Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act 
 31.2 Certification by Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Incorporated by Reference (1) Description Entity Form Exhibit Filing Date 32.1 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 (1) Exhibits are incorporated by reference to reports of Cheniere (SEC File No. 001-16383), CQP (SEC File No. 001-33366), Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings, LLC Cheniere Holdings (SEC File No. 333-191298), SPL (SEC File No. 333-192373) and SPLNG (SEC File No. 333-138916), as applicable, unless otherwise indicated. Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 SABINE PASS LIQUEFACTION, LLC By: /s/ Jack A. Fusco Jack A. Fusco Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: February 22, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Corey Grindal Manager February 22, 2023 Corey Grindal /s/ Zach Davis Manager and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 22, 2023 Zach Davis /s/ David Slack Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 22, 2023 David Slack /s/ Matthew Runkle Manager February 22, 2023 Matthew Runkle 
 69 

<EX-10.38>
 2
 exhibit1038spl2022form4thq.htm
 EX-10.38

Document 

Exhibit 10.38 
 CHANGE ORDER 
 80-ACRES BRIDGE 

PROJECT NAME Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility 
 
 OWNER Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
 
 CONTRACTOR Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
 
 DATE OF AGREEMEN T November 7, 2018 
 CHANGE ORDER NUMBE R CO-00070 
 
 DATE OF CHANGE ORD ER 28-Oct-2022 

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows 
 
 1. In accordance with Section 6.1 of the Agreement Change Orders Requested by Owner ), the Parties agree this Change Order includes Contractor s costs to provide the Engineering, Procurement, and Construction services to install a permanent beam bridge 80 Acres Bridge between the 80 Acres real estate and Lighthouse Road. This Change Order comprises 
 a. A concrete slab beam design with 12ea concrete beams and 
 b. Includes for the demolition and removal of the existing north and south bridges. 
 
 2. For context this Change Order, therefore, addresses Work that Contractor commenced and subsequently discontinued under Change Orders CO-00047 and CO-00054, executed on 18-Jun-2021 and 01-Dec-2021 respectively. 
 
 3. The detailed cost breakdown for this Change Order is detailed in Exhibit A of this Change Order. 
 
 4. Schedule C-3 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) 
 1. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) was 
 2,016,892,573 2. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) by previously authorized Change Orders (#01-08, 10-13, 15, 17-18, 21-22, 24, 28-29, 31-32, 34-35, 38, 41-42, 45-49, 51, 53-58, 61) 697,987 3. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) prior to this Change Order was 2,017,590,560 4. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 5. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 6. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) including this Change Order will be 2,017,590,560 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) 
 7. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) (in CO-00009) was 457,696,000 8. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) by previously authorized Change Orders (#14, 16, 19-20, 23, 25-27, 30-31, 33, 36-37, 39-40, 43-44, 50, 52, 59-60, 62-69) 7,578,450 9. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) prior to this Change Order was 465,274,450 10. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be changed by this Change Order 1,584,805 11. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be unchanged by this Change Order 12. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) including this Change Order will be 466,859,255 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price 
 13. The original Contract Price for Subproject 6(a) and Subproject 6(b) was (add lines 1 and 7) 2,474,588,573 14. The Contract Price prior to this Change Order was (add lines 3 and 9) 2,482,865,010 

15. The Contract Price will be increased by this Change Order in the amount of (add lines 4, 5, 10 and 11) 1,584,805 16. The new Contract Price including this Change Order will be (add lines 14 and 15) 2,484,449,815 
 
 Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(a) 
 The following dates are modified N A 
 Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Performance Guarantees for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligations of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 
 Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(b) 
 The following dates are modified N A This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(b) N A This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(b) Yes see Exhibit B 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(b) N A - This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement N A - This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Select either A or B 
 
 A This Change Order shall constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials s SS Contractor s DC Owner 
 
 B This Change Order shall not constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall not be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials ____ Contractor ____ Owner 
 
 Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order. Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties duly authorized representatives. 
 s David Craft s Steve Smith Owner Contractor David Craft Steve Smith Name Name SVP E&C Senior Project Manager & Principal Vice President Title Title November 18, 2022 Date of Signing Date of Signing 

CHANGE ORDER 
 
 MOORING SYSTEM LOW-TENSION COMMON ALARM 
 
 PROJECT NAME Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility 
 
 OWNER Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
 
 CONTRACTOR Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
 
 DATE OF AGREEMEN T November 7, 2018 
 CHANGE ORDER NUMBE R CO-00071 
 
 DATE OF CHANGE ORD ER 31-Oct-2022 

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows 
 
 1. In accordance with Section 6.1 of the Agreement Change Orders Requested by Owner ), the Parties agree this Change Order includes Contractor s costs to provide the Procurement and Construction services to add a Low-Tension Common Alarm to the East, West and Third Berth jetties mooring systems. 
 
 2. The detailed cost breakdown for this Change Order is detailed in Exhibit A of this Change Order. 
 
 3. Schedule C-3 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) 
 1. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) was 
 2,016,892,573 2. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) by previously authorized Change Orders (#01-08, 10-13, 15, 17-18, 21-22, 24, 28-29, 31-32, 34-35, 38, 41-42, 45-49, 51, 53-58, 61, 68) 697,987 3. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) prior to this Change Order was 2,017,590,560 4. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 5. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 6. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) including this Change Order will be 2,017,590,560 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) 
 7. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) (in CO-00009) was 457,696,000 8. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) by previously authorized Change Orders (#14, 16, 19-20, 23, 25-27, 30-31, 33, 36-37, 39-40, 43-44, 50, 52, 59-60, 62-70) 9,163,255 9. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) prior to this Change Order was 466,859,255 10. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be unchanged by this Change Order 71,174 11. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be changed by this Change Order 12. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) including this Change Order will be 466,930,429 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price 
 13. The original Contract Price for Subproject 6(a) and Subproject 6(b) was (add lines 1 and 7) 2,474,588,573 14. The Contract Price prior to this Change Order was (add lines 3 and 9) 2,484,449,815 15. The Contract Price will be increased by this Change Order in the amount of (add lines 4, 5, 10 and 11) 71,174 16. The new Contract Price including this Change Order will be (add lines 14 and 15) 2,484,520,989 
 
 Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(a) 
 The following dates are modified N A 

Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Performance Guarantees for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligations of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 
 Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(b) 
 The following dates are modified N A This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(b) N A This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(b) Yes see Exhibit B 
 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(b) N A This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement N A This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Select either A or B 
 
 A This Change Order shall constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials s SS Contractor s DC Owner 
 
 B This Change Order shall not constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall not be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials ____ Contractor ____ Owner 
 
 Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order. Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties duly authorized representatives. 
 s David Craft s Steve Smith Owner Contractor David Craft Steve Smith Name Name SVP E&C Senior Project Manager & Principal Vice President Title Title November 18, 2022 Date of Signing Date of Signing 

CHANGE ORDER 
 
 FERC HYDROCARBON PERMIT CONDITIONS 
 
 PROJECT NAME Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility 
 
 OWNER Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
 
 CONTRACTOR Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
 
 DATE OF AGREEMENT November 7, 2018 
 CHANGE ORDER NUMBER CO-00072 
 
 DATE OF CHANGE ORDER 31-Oct-2022 

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows 
 
 1. In accordance with Section 6.1 of the Agreement Change Orders Requested by Owner ), and as per the requirements stated in Owner correspondence SPL4-BE-C22-023 dated 02-Sep-2022, the Parties agree this Change Order includes Contractor s costs to provide the Engineering, Procurement, and Construction services for 
 a. A passive system designed to withstand a 20-minute fire exposure per UL 1709 for instrumented valves in Subproject 6(b) which activate emergency systems under Condition 79 and associated conditions 
 b. Flame detection covering a minimum of 90 of all areas by two or more detectors that contain flammable or combustible fluids, including the entire length of the marine transfer piping and valve platform, under Condition 64 and associated conditions 
 c. Replacement of sodium bicarbonate extinguishers with potassium bicarbonate extinguishers in areas where LNG is handled under Condition 73 and associated conditions and 
 d. Firewater hydrants or monitors for the entire length of the marine transfer piping, under Condition 80 and associated conditions. 
 
 2. The detailed cost breakdown for this Change Order is detailed in Exhibit A of this Change Order. 
 
 3. Schedule C-3 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 
 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) 1. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) was 2,016,892,573 2. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) by previously authorized Change Orders (#01-08, 10-13, 15, 17-18, 21-22, 24, 28-29, 31-32, 34-35, 38, 41-42, 45-49, 51, 53-58, 61, 68) 697,987 3. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) prior to this Change Order was 2,017,590,560 4. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 5. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 6. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) including this Change Order will be 2,017,590,560 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) 7. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) (in CO-00009) was 457,696,000 8. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) by previously authorized Change Orders (#14, 16, 19-20, 23, 25-27, 30-31, 33, 36-37, 39-40, 43-44, 50, 52, 59-60, 62-71) 9,234,429 9. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) prior to this Change Order was 466,930,429 10. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be changed by this Change Order 1,308,101 11. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be unchanged by this Change Order 12. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) including this Change Order will be 468,238,530 Adjustment to Contract Price 13. The original Contract Price for Subproject 6(a) and Subproject 6(b) was (add lines 1 and 7) 2,474,588,573 14. The Contract Price prior to this Change Order was (add lines 3 and 9) 2,484,520,989 

15. The Contract Price will be increased by this Change Order in the amount of (add lines 4, 5, 10 and 11) 1,308,101 16. The new Contract Price including this Change Order will be (add lines 14 and 15) 2,485,829,090 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(a) 
 
 The following dates are modified N A 
 
 Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Performance Guarantees for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligations of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement for Subproject 6(a) N A 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(b) 
 
 The following dates are modified N A - This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(b) N A - This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(b) Yes see Exhibit B 
 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(b) N A - This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement N A - This Work is performed post-Substantial Completion 
 
 Select either A or B 
 
 A This Change Order shall constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials _SS_ Contractor ___ _ Owner 
 
 B This Change Order shall not constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall not be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials Contractor Owner 

Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order. Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties duly authorized representatives. 
 
 s David Craft s Steve Smith Owner Contractor David Craft Steve Smith Name Name SVP E&C Senior Project Manager & Principal Vice President Title Title November 18, 2022 Date of Signing Date of Signing 

CHANGE ORDER 
 
 BN#2 BEACON PILE RELOCATION 
 
 PROJECT NAME Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility 
 
 OWNER Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
 
 CONTRACTOR Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
 
 DATE OF AGREEMENT November 7, 2018 
 CHANGE ORDER NUMBER CO-00073 
 
 DATE OF CHANGE ORDER 31-Oct-2022 

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows 
 
 1. In accordance with Section 6.1 of the Agreement Change Orders Requested by Owner ), the Parties agree this Change Order includes Contractor s costs to relocate the Third Berth s Beacon Pile BN#2 to an adjacent location in accordance with direction from the Sabine Bank Pilots Association. Refer to Attachment 1 of this Change Order. 
 
 2. The detailed cost breakdown for this Change Order is detailed in Exhibit A of this Change Order. 
 
 3. Schedule C-3 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 
 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) 1. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) was 2,016,892,573 2. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) by previously authorized Change Orders (#01-08, 10-13, 15, 17-18, 21-22, 24, 28-29, 31-32, 34-35, 38, 41-42, 45-49, 51, 53-58, 61, 68) 697,987 3. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) prior to this Change Order was 2,017,590,560 4. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 5. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 6. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) including this Change Order will be 2,017,590,560 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) 7. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) (in CO-00009) was 457,696,000 8. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) by previously authorized Change Orders (#14, 16, 19-20, 23, 25-27, 30-31, 33, 36-37, 39-40, 43-44, 50, 52, 59-60, 62-72) 10,542,530 9. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) prior to this Change Order was 468,238,530 10. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be changed by this Change Order 53,097 11. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be unchanged by this Change Order 12. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) including this Change Order will be 468,291,627 Adjustment to Contract Price 13. The original Contract Price for Subproject 6(a) and Subproject 6(b) was (add lines 1 and 7) 2,474,588,573 14. The Contract Price prior to this Change Order was (add lines 3 and 9) 2,485,829,090 15. The Contract Price will be increased by this Change Order in the amount of (add lines 4, 5, 10 and 11) 53,097 16. The new Contract Price including this Change Order will be (add lines 14 and 15) 2,485,882,187 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(a) 
 
 The following dates are modified N A 
 
 Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 

Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Performance Guarantees for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligations of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement for Subproject 6(a) N A 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(b) 
 
 The following dates are modified N A 
 
 Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(b) N A 
 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(b) Yes see Exhibit B 
 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(b) N A 
 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement N A 
 
 Select either A or B 
 
 A This Change Order shall constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials s SS Contractor s DC Owner 
 
 B This Change Order shall not constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall not be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials Contractor Owner 
 
 Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order. Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties duly authorized representatives. 
 s David Craft s Steve Smith Owner Contractor David Craft Steve Smith Name Name SVP E&C Senior Project Manager & Principal Vice President Title Title November 18, 2022 Date of Signing Date of Signing 

CHANGE ORDER 
 
 FERC CONDITION 56 ISA 84 GAS DETECTION 

PROJECT NAME Sabine Pass LNG Stage 4 Liquefaction Facility 
 
 OWNER Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
 
 CONTRACTOR Bechtel Oil, Gas and Chemicals, Inc. 
 
 DATE OF AGREEMEN T November 7, 2018 
 CHANGE ORDER NUMBE R CO-00074 
 
 DATE OF CHANGE ORD ER 31-Oct-2022 

The Agreement between the Parties listed above is changed as follows 
 
 1. In accordance with Section 6.1 of the Agreement Change Orders Requested by Owner ), the Parties agree this Change Order includes Contractor s costs to provide the Engineering, Procurement, and Construction services to comply with FERC Condition 56 referred in Aconex transmittal SPL4-E-EM-TRM-00217 Societal Risk from LNG Spills on Water ), that is, installing 11ea gas detectors to justify the 10-minute release duration assumed in the Quantitative Risk Assessment that was performed to address Condition 56. 
 
 2. The detailed cost breakdown for this Change Order is detailed in Exhibit A of this Change Order. 
 
 3. Schedule C-3 (Milestone Payment Schedule) of Attachment C of the Agreement will be amended by including the milestone(s) listed in Exhibit B of this Change Order. 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) 
 1. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) was 
 2,016,892,573 2. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) by previously authorized Change Orders (#01-08, 10-13, 15, 17-18, 21-22, 24, 28-29, 31-32, 34-35, 38, 41-42, 45-49, 51, 53-58, 61, 68) 697,987 3. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) prior to this Change Order was 2,017,590,560 4. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 5. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(a) will be unchanged by this Change Order in the amount of 6. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(a) including this Change Order will be 2,017,590,560 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) 
 7. The original Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) (in CO-00009) was 457,696,000 8. Net change for Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) by previously authorized Change Orders (#14, 16, 19-20, 23, 25-27, 30-31, 33, 36-37, 39-40, 43-44, 50, 52, 59-60, 62-73) 10,595,627 9. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) prior to this Change Order was 468,291,627 10. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be changed by this Change Order 443,977 11. The Provisional Sum Applicable to Subproject 6(b) will be unchanged by this Change Order 12. The Contract Price Applicable to Subproject 6(b) including this Change Order will be 468,735,604 
 
 Adjustment to Contract Price 
 13. The original Contract Price for Subproject 6(a) and Subproject 6(b) was (add lines 1 and 7) 2,474,588,573 14. The Contract Price prior to this Change Order was (add lines 3 and 9) 2,485,882,187 15. The Contract Price will be increased by this Change Order in the amount of (add lines 4, 5, 10 and 11) 443,977 16. The new Contract Price including this Change Order will be (add lines 14 and 15) 2,486,326,164 

Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(a) 
 The following dates are modified N A 
 Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Minimum Acceptance Criteria for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Performance Guarantees for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligations of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement for Subproject 6(a) N A 
 
 Adjustment to dates in Project Schedule for Subproject 6(b) 
 The following dates are modified N A 
 Adjustment to other Changed Criteria for Subproject 6(b) N A 
 Adjustment to Payment Schedule for Subproject 6(b) Yes see Exhibit B 
 Adjustment to Design Basis for Subproject 6(b) N A 
 Other adjustments to liability or obligation of Contractor or Owner under the Agreement N A 
 
 Select either A or B 
 
 A This Change Order shall constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials s SS Contractor s DC Owner 
 
 B This Change Order shall not constitute a full and final settlement and accord and satisfaction of all effects of the change reflected in this Change Order upon the Changed Criteria and shall not be deemed to compensate Contractor fully for such change. Initials ____ Contractor ____ Owner 
 
 Upon execution of this Change Order by Owner and Contractor, the above-referenced change shall become a valid and binding part of the original Agreement without exception or qualification, unless noted in this Change Order. Except as modified by this and any previously issued Change Orders, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Change Order is executed by each of the Parties duly authorized representatives. 
 s David Craft s Steve Smith Owner Contractor David Craft Steve Smith Name Name SVP E&C Senior Project Manager & Principal Vice President Title Title November 18, 2022 Date of Signing Date of Signing 

</EX-10.38>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit311spl2022form4thqtr.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT 
 I, Jack A. Fusco, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 s Jack A. Fusco Jack A. Fusco Chief Executive Officer of Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit312spl2022form4thqtr.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT 
 I, Zach Davis, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 s Zach Davis Zach Davis Chief Financial Officer of Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit321spl2022form4thqtr.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the annual report of Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jack A. Fusco, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 s Jack A. Fusco Jack A. Fusco Chief Executive Officer of Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit322spl2022form4thqtr.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the annual report of Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Zach Davis, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 s Zach Davis Zach Davis Chief Financial Officer of Sabine Pass Liquefaction, LLC 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 spl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 spl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 spl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 spl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 spl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

