<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_30305_0001628280-23-003810.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15093075</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>327567</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2610040</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4942666</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3703922</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3262918</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-003810.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216063512
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-003810
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		119
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DUCOMMUN INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000030305
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT PART & AUXILIARY EQUIPMENT, NEC [3728]
		IRS NUMBER:				950693330
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08174
		FILM NUMBER:		23637051

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 SANDPOINTE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			SANTA ANA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92707
		BUSINESS PHONE:		657-335-3665

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 SANDPOINTE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			SANTA ANA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92707

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-003810.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 dco-20221231.htm
 10-K

dco-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _________________________________________________________ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 _________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________________________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 _________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer x Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price of which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter ended July 2, 2022 was million. 
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding on February 6, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 DUCOMMUN INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES Page PART I 
 Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors 
 3 
 Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 10 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 
 Item 2. Properties 
 21 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 21 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 22 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 38 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 38 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 38 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 39 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 39 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 40 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 40 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 40 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 41 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 41 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 42 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 85 
 Signatures 
 85 

2 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTORS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be preceded by, followed by or include words such as could, may, believe, expect, anticipate, plan, estimate, expect, would, or similar expressions. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management at the time such statements are made. Generally, forward-looking statements include information concerning our possible or assumed future actions, events or results of operations. Forward-looking statements specifically include, without limitation, the information in this Form 10-K regarding: future sales, earnings, cash flow, uses of cash and other measures of financial performance, projections or expectations for future operations, including costs to complete contracts, goodwill impairment evaluations, unrecognized tax benefits, environmental remediation costs, insurance recoveries, industry trends and expectations, our plans with respect to restructuring activities, completed acquisitions, future acquisitions and dispositions and expected business opportunities that may be available to us. 
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected. We cannot guarantee future results, performance or achievements. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. All written and oral forward-looking statements made in connection with this Form 10-K that are attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by Risk Factors contained within Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K and other cautionary statements included herein. 
 There can be no assurance that other factors will not affect the accuracy of these forward-looking statements or that our actual results will not differ materially from the results anticipated in such forward-looking statements. While it is impossible to identify all such factors, some factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those estimated by us include, but are not limited to, those factors or conditions described under Risk Factors contained within Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K and the following: 
 our ability to manage and otherwise comply with our covenants with respect to our outstanding indebtedness; 
 our ability to service our indebtedness; 
 our acquisitions, business combinations, joint ventures, divestitures, or restructuring activities may entail certain operational and financial risks; 
 the cyclicality of our end-use markets and the level of new commercial and military aircraft orders; 
 industry and customer concentration; 
 production rates for various commercial and military aircraft programs; 
 the level of U.S. Government defense spending; 
 compliance with applicable regulatory requirements and changes in regulatory requirements, including regulatory requirements such as Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification CMMC ), applicable to government contracts and sub-contracts; 
 further consolidation of customers and suppliers in our markets; 
 product performance and delivery; 
 start-up costs, manufacturing inefficiencies and possible overruns on contracts; 
 increased design, product development, manufacturing, supply chain and other risks and uncertainties associated with our growth strategy to become a supplier of higher-level assemblies; 
 our ability to manage the risks associated with international operations and sales; 
 economic and geopolitical developments and conditions, including supply chain issues and rising interest rates; 
 environmental, social, and governance ESG developments and their related impact; 
 pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, significantly impacting the global economy and most significantly, the commercial aerospace end-use market; 
 disasters, natural or otherwise, damaging or disrupting our operations; 
 unfavorable developments in the global credit markets; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to operate within highly competitive markets; 
 technology changes and evolving industry and regulatory standards; 
 possible goodwill and other asset impairments; 
 the risk of environmental liabilities; 
 the risk of cyber security attacks or our inability to detect such attacks; and 
 litigation with respect to us. 
 We caution the reader that undue reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. We do not undertake any duty or responsibility to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-K except as required by law. 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 GENERAL 
 Ducommun Incorporated Ducommun, the Company, we, us or our is a leading global provider of engineering and manufacturing services for high-performance products and high-cost-of failure applications used primarily in the aerospace and defense A D ), industrial, medical and other industries (collectively, Industrial ). Ducommun differentiates itself as a full-service solution-based provider, offering innovative, value-added proprietary products and manufacturing solutions to our customers in our primary businesses of electronics, structures, and integrated solutions. We operate through two primary business segments: Electronic Systems and Structural Systems. We are the successor to a business that was founded in California in 1849 and reincorporated in Delaware in 1970. 
 ACQUISITIONS 
 Acquisitions have been an important element of our growth strategy. We have supplemented our organic growth by identifying, acquiring and integrating acquisition opportunities that result in broader, more sophisticated product and service offerings while diversifying and expanding our customer base and markets. 
 For example, in December 2021, we acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests of Magnetic Seal LLC (f/k/a Magnetic Seal Corporation, MagSeal ), a privately-held leading provider of high-impact, military-proven magnetic seals for critical systems in aerospace and defense applications, offering sealing solutions that are engineered to perform in high-speed, high-vibration, and other challenging environments for an original purchase price of 69.5 million, net of cash acquired. A portion of the purchase price was funded by drawing down on our revolving credit facility. This draw down on our revolving credit facility was paid off by the end of 2021. The acquisition of MagSeal continued to advance our strategy to diversify and offer more customized, value-driven engineered products with aftermarket opportunities, and was included in our Structural Systems segment. 
 PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 Business Segment Information 
 We operate through two primary strategic businesses, Electronic Systems and Structural Systems, each of which is a reportable segment. The results of operations among our operating segments vary due to differences in competitors, customers, extent of proprietary deliverables and performance. Electronic Systems designs, engineers and manufactures high-reliability electronic and electromechanical products used in worldwide technology-driven markets including A D and Industrial end-use markets. Electronic Systems product offerings primarily range from prototype development to complex assemblies as discussed in more detail below. Structural Systems designs, engineers and manufactures various sizes of complex contoured aerostructure components and assemblies and supplies composite and metal bonded structures and assemblies. Structural Systems products are primarily used on commercial aircraft, military fixed-wing aircraft and military and commercial rotary-wing aircraft. 
 Electronic Systems 
 Electronic Systems has multiple major product offerings in electronics manufacturing for diverse, high-reliability applications: complex cable assemblies and interconnect systems, printed circuit board assemblies, higher-level electronic, electromechanical, and mechanical components and assemblies, and lightning diversion systems. Components, assemblies, and lightning diversion products are provided principally for domestic and foreign commercial and military fixed-wing aircraft, military and commercial rotary-wing aircraft and space programs. Further, we provide select industrial high-reliability applications for the industrial, medical, and other end-use markets. We build custom, high-performance electronics and 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 electromechanical systems. Our products include sophisticated radar enclosures, aircraft avionics racks and shipboard communications and control enclosures, printed circuit board assemblies, cable assemblies, wire harnesses, and interconnect systems, lightning diversion strips, surge suppressors, conformal shields and other high-level complex assemblies. Electronic Systems utilizes a highly-integrated production process, including manufacturing, engineering, fabrication, machining, assembly, electronic integration, and related processes. Engineering, technical and program management services are provided to a wide range of customers. 
 In response to customer needs and utilizing our in-depth engineering expertise, Electronic Systems is also considered a leading supplier of engineered products including, illuminated pushbutton switches and panels for aviation and test systems, microwave and millimeter switches and filters for radio frequency systems and test instrumentation, motors and resolvers for motion control, and lightning diversion systems. 
 Electronic Systems also provides engineering expertise for aerospace system design, development, integration, and testing. We leverage the knowledge base, capabilities, talent, and technologies of this focused capability into direct support of our customers. 
 Structural Systems 
 Structural Systems has three major product offerings to support a global customer base: commercial aircraft, military fixed-wing aircraft, and military and commercial rotary-wing aircraft. Our applications include structural components, structural assemblies, bonded (metal and composite) components, precision profile extrusions and extruded assemblies, ammunition handling systems, and magnetic seals. In the structural components products, Structural Systems provides design services, engineers, and manufacturing of large complex contoured aluminum, titanium and Inconel aerostructure components for the aerospace industry. Structural assembly products include winglets, engine components, and fuselage structural panels for aircraft. Metal and composite bonded structures and assemblies products include aircraft wing spoilers, large fuselage skins, rotor blades on rotary-wing aircraft and components, flight control surfaces, engine components, ammunition handling systems, and magnetic seals. To support these products, Structural Systems maintains advanced machine milling, stretch-forming, hot-forming, metal bonding, composite layup, and chemical milling capabilities and has an extensive engineering capability to support both design services and manufacturing. 
 AEROSPACE AND DEFENSE END-USE MARKETS OVERVIEW 
 Our largest end-use markets are the aerospace and defense markets and our revenues from these markets represented 94 of our total net revenues in 2022. These markets are serviced by suppliers which are stratified, from the highest value provided to the lowest, into four tiers: original equipment manufacturers OEMs ), Tier One, Tier Two, and Tier Three. The OEMs provide the highest value and are also known as prime contractors Primes ). We derive a significant portion of our revenues from subcontracts with OEMs. As the Primes for various programs and platforms, the OEMs sell to their customers, who may include, depending upon the application, the U.S. Federal Government, foreign, state and local governments, global commercial airline carriers, regional jet carriers and various other customers. The OEMs also sell to global leasing companies that lease commercial aircraft. A significant portion of our revenues is earned from subcontracts with the Primes. Tier One suppliers manufacture aircraft sections and purchase assemblies. Tier Two suppliers provide more complex, value-added parts and may also assume more design risk, manufacturing risk, supply chain risk and project management risk than Tier Three suppliers. Tier Three suppliers principally provide components or detailed parts. We currently compete with Tier One, Tier Two, and Tier Three suppliers. Our business growth strategy is to differentiate ourselves from competitors by providing more complex assemblies to our customers as a higher value added supplier. 
 Commercial Aerospace End-Use Market 
 The commercial aerospace end-use market is highly cyclical and is impacted by the level of global air passenger traffic in general, which in turn is influenced by global economic conditions, fleet fuel and maintenance costs, geopolitical developments, pandemics, supply chain issues, and inflationary forces. Revenues from the commercial aerospace end-use market represented 35 of our total net revenues for 2022. 
 The residual effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical events including the war in Ukraine, inflationary forces, rising interest rates, and supply chain issues have and continue to contribute to a general slowdown in the global economy, and having an adverse impact on demand for civil air travel. The combination of these factors has, in turn, created a significant challenge for some of our customers and the entire commercial aerospace manufacturing and services sector. As the number of infections from COVID-19 continues to decline and/or stabilize in various parts of the world, it should result in the steady increase in consumer confidence on the safety of air travel. Airline financial performance, which also plays a role in the demand for new capacity, has been adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and aforementioned issues. According to the International Air Transport Association IATA ), net losses for the airline industry were 42 billion in 2021 and 138 billion in 2020. IATA also forecasts 6.9 billion of losses for the industry globally for 2022, with 9.9 billion of profits in North America driven by 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 robust domestic market being more than offset by losses in other regions. However, for 2023, IATA is forecasting 4.6 billion in profits for the industry globally. While the outlook continues to improve, we continue to face a challenging environment in the near to medium-term as airlines are facing increased fuel and other costs, and the global economy is experiencing high inflation. The current environment is also affecting the financial viability of some airlines. 
 In The Boeing Company s Boeing 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), they indicated that domestic travel continues to recover from the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and will recover before international travel. The pace of the commercial market recovery remains impacted by government restrictions related to COVID-19, especially China. 
 The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand: economic growth, increasing propensity to travel due to increased trade, globalization, and improved airline services driven by liberalization of air traffic rights between countries. Boeing s commercial market outlook forecast projects a three and eight tenths percent growth rate for passenger and cargo traffic over a 20 year period. Based on long-term global economic growth projections of two and six tenths percent average annual gross domestic product GDP growth, Boeing projects demand for 41,170 new airplanes over the next 20 years. However, the industry remains vulnerable to various developments including fuel price spikes, credit market fluctuations, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, conflicts, epidemics, pandemics, supply chain shortages, rising interest rates, and increased global environmental regulations. We believe we are well positioned given our product capabilities, investment in inventories and contract assets, and our initiatives to increase operating efficiencies to participate in the near term recovery and the long term projected growth rate for commercial air traffic and build rates for large commercial aircraft for the airframe manufacturing industry. If the recovery is slower than anticipated or any of those various developments occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and/or cash flows. 
 Defense End-Use Market 
 Our defense end-use market includes products used in military and space, including technologies and structures applications. The defense end-use market is highly cyclical and is impacted by the level of government defense spending. Government defense spending is impacted by national defense policies and priorities, political climates, fiscal budgetary constraints, U.S. Federal budget deficits, projected economic growth and the level of global military or security threats, or other conflicts. Revenues from the military and space end-use market in 2022 represented 59 of our total net revenues during 2022. 
 The FY 2023 National Defense Authorization Act NDAA ), enacted by the U.S. President in December 2022, is the annual policy bill that establishes, continues, or modifies federal programs, and provides the prerequisites for Congress to appropriate budget authority for defense programs. The FY 2023 NDAA authorized 30 billion more than the U.S. President originally requested in the FY 2023 budget request. However, there continues to be uncertainty with respect to future program-level appropriations for the U.S. Department of Defense U.S. DoD and other government agencies for fiscal year 2024 and beyond. Future budget cuts or investment priority changes, including changes associated with the authorizations and appropriations process, could result in reductions, cancellations, and/or delays of existing contracts or programs. Any of these impacts could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position, and/or cash flows. For additional information related to our revenues from customers whose principal sales are to the U.S. Government and our direct sales to the U.S. Government, see Risk Factors contained within Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K ). 
 INDUSTRIAL END-USE MARKETS OVERVIEW 
 Our industrial, medical and other (collectively, Industrial end-use markets are diverse and are impacted by the customers needs for increasing electronic content and a desire to outsource. Factors expected to impact these markets include capital and industrial goods spending and general economic conditions. Our products are used in heavy industrial manufacturing systems and certain medical applications. Revenues from the Industrial end-use markets were 6 of our total net revenues during 2022. 
 We believe our business in these markets in the long-term, is stable and we are well positioned in these markets even though the residual effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related inflationary forces, rising interest rates, and supply chain issues has had and will continue to have an impact on our business. 
 SALES AND MARKETING 
 Our commercial revenues are substantially dependent on airframe manufacturers production rates of new aircraft. Deliveries of new aircraft by airframe manufacturers are dependent on the demand and financial capacity of its customers, primarily airlines and leasing companies, to purchase the aircraft. Thus, revenues from commercial aircraft could be affected as a result of changes in new aircraft orders, or the cancellation or deferral by airlines of purchases of ordered aircraft. Further, our revenues from commercial aircraft programs could be affected by changes in our customers inventory levels and changes in our customers aircraft production build rates. Due to the continuing COVID-19 pandemic, while both major large aircraft manufacturers, Boeing and Airbus SE Airbus ), have announced improved build rates, it will take longer to reach pre- 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 COVID-19 pandemic levels. While the ramp up in production and demand will be slower in the near and medium future, we will continue to identify opportunities to expand our presence and offerings with both major large aircraft manufacturers and their supply chain. 
 Military components manufactured by us are employed in many of the country s front-line fighters, bombers, rotary-wing aircraft and support aircraft, as well as land and sea-based applications. Our defense business is diversified among a number of military manufacturers and programs. In the space sector, we are expanding our presence with unmanned aerial vehicles and continue to support various satellite programs. 
 Our sales into the Industrial end-use markets are customer focused in various markets and driven primarily by their capital spending and manufacturing outsourcing demands. 
 We continue to broaden and diversify our customer base in the end-use markets we serve by providing innovative product and service solutions by drawing on our core competencies, experience and technical expertise. Net revenues related to military and space, commercial aerospace, and Industrial end-use markets in 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 
 Many of our contracts are firm fixed price contracts subject to termination at the convenience of the customer (as well as for default). In the event of termination for convenience, the customer generally is required to pay the costs we have incurred and certain other fees through the date of termination, plus a reasonable profit. Larger, long-term government subcontracts may have provisions for milestone payments, progress payments or cash advances for purchase of inventory. 
 Our marketing efforts primarily consist of developing strong, long-term relationships with our customers, which provide the basis for future sales. These close relationships allow us to gain a better insight into each customer s business needs, identify ways to provide greater value to the customer, and allow us to be designated early in the design process for various products and/or high volume products. 
 SEASONALITY 
 The timing of our revenues is governed by the purchasing patterns of our customers, and, as a result, we may not generate revenues equally during the year. However, no material portion of our business is considered to be seasonal. 
 MAJOR CUSTOMERS 
 We currently generate the majority of our revenues from the aerospace and defense industries. As a result, we have significant revenues from certain customers. Boeing and Raytheon Technologies Corporation Raytheon were our largest customers, with Boeing generating 7 and Raytheon generating 22 of our 2022 net revenues. Revenues from our top 10 customers, including Boeing and Raytheon, were 61 of total net revenues during 2022. Net revenues by major customer for 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Net revenues from our customers, except the U.S. Government, are diversified over a number of different military and space, commercial aerospace, industrial, medical and other products. For additional information on revenues from major customers, see Note 16 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Form 10-K. 
 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
 We perform concurrent engineering with our customers and product development activities under our self-funded programs, as well as under contracts with others. Concurrent engineering and product development activities are performed for commercial, military and space applications. 
 RAW MATERIALS AND COMPONENTS 
 Raw materials and components used in the manufacturing of our products include aluminum, titanium, steel and carbon fibers, as well as a wide variety of electronic interconnect and circuit card assemblies and components. These raw materials are generally available from a number of suppliers and are generally in adequate supply. However, from time to time, and exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced increases in lead times and limited availability of various items including aluminum, titanium and certain other raw materials and/or components. Moreover, certain components, supplies and raw materials for our operations are purchased from single source suppliers and occasionally, directed by our customers. In such instances, we strive to develop alternative sources and design modifications to minimize the potential for business interruptions. 
 COMPETITION 
 The markets we serve are highly competitive, and our products and services are affected by varying degrees of competition. We compete worldwide with domestic and international companies in most markets. These companies may have competitive advantages as a result of greater financial resources, economies of scale and bundled products and services that we do not offer. Additional information related to competition is discussed in Risk Factors contained within Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. Our ability to compete depends principally upon the breadth of our technical capabilities, the quality of our goods and services, competitive pricing, product performance, design and engineering capabilities, new product innovation, the ability to solve specific customer needs, and customer relationships. 
 PATENTS AND LICENSES 
 We have several patents, but we do not believe that our operations are dependent upon any single patent or group of patents. In general, we rely on technical superiority, continual product improvement, exclusive product features, superior lead time, on-time delivery performance, quality, and customer relationships to maintain our competitive advantage. 
 REMAINING PERFORMANCE OBLIGATIONS AND BACKLOG 
 We define performance obligations as customer placed purchase orders POs with firm fixed price and firm delivery dates. The majority of the long-term agreements LTAs we enter into do not meet the definition of a contract under Accounting Standards Codification 606 ASC 606 and thus, the backlog amount is greater than the remaining performance obligations amount as defined under ASC 606. Revenue based on remaining performance obligations is subject to delivery delays or program cancellations, which are beyond our control. Remaining performance obligations were 853.0 million at December 31, 2022. We anticipate recognizing an estimated 70 or 597.0 million of our remaining performance obligations during 2023. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 We define backlog as potential revenue that is based on customer placed POs and LTAs with firm fixed price and expected delivery dates of 24 months or less. Backlog is subject to delivery delays or program cancellations, which are beyond our control. Backlog is affected by timing differences in the placement of customer orders, and tends to be concentrated in several programs to a greater extent, than our net revenues. As a result of these factors, trends in our overall level of backlog may not be indicative of trends in our future net revenues. Backlog was 960.8 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 905.2 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in backlog was primarily in the commercial aerospace end-use markets, partially offset by a decrease in the military and space end-use markets. 
 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 
 Our business, operations and facilities are subject to numerous stringent federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations issued by government agencies, including the Environmental Protection Agency EPA ). Among other matters, these regulatory authorities impose requirements that regulate the emission, discharge, generation, management, transport and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous materials, pollutants and contaminants. These regulations govern public and private response actions to hazardous or regulated substances that could be or have been released into the environment, or endanger human health, and they require us to obtain and maintain licenses and permits in connection with our operations. We may also be required to investigate and remediate the effects of the release or disposal of materials at sites associated with past and present operations. Additionally, this extensive regulatory framework imposes significant compliance burdens and risks on us. We anticipate that capital expenditures will continue to be required for the foreseeable future to upgrade and maintain our environmental compliance efforts, however, we currently do not expect such expenditures to be material in 2023 and the near term. 
 Structural Systems has been directed by California environmental agencies to investigate and take corrective action for groundwater contamination at its facilities located in Adelanto (a.k.a., El Mirage) and Monrovia, California. Based on currently available information, we have accrued 1.5 million at December 31, 2022 for our estimated liabilities related to these sites. For further information, see Note 15 in the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Form 10-K. In addition, see Risk Factors contained within Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for certain risks related to environmental matters. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 Our employees are critical to our success. We promote a culture of honesty, respect, trust, and teamwork through our Code of Business Conduct. Also, we have been engaged in a number of social matters and issues, both within the Company in our management of human capital, and externally with our community based initiatives. 
 Employee Safety and Health 
 The safety of our workforce remains our highest priority as evidenced by our initial and continuing response to the COVID-19 pandemic. To this end, we continue to focus on protecting the health and safety of our employees and maintaining a safe work environment by following the COVID-19 safety guidelines provided by state and local governments and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention at all of our facilities. 
 We implemented the use of employee health and safety key performance indicators KPIs that are regularly communicated to our employees by senior management to improve safety outcomes. In 2022, we continued to invest in infrastructure to improve internal safety protocols related to key processes and refined our health and safety software tools to track and engage our performance centers to further reduce our lost time and total recordable incident rates. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 Diversity and inclusion has been and will continue to be important to our success. As part of our continuing improvement in this area, we implemented diversity and inclusion initiatives in 2019 to help accelerate the process of developing a diverse talent pool. To that end, we are seeing an increase in the number of women and individuals from underrepresented communities being promoted into leadership roles. In 2020, we partnered with the Fund II Foundation to utilize its innovative internX platform to provide access to highly qualified and diverse science, technology, engineering and math STEM students. We believe a diverse hiring process at the intern level will result in inclusive hiring going forward and help us develop a diverse leadership team as our interns continue in their careers. 
 Talent Acquisition, Retention, and Development 
 We attract, develop, and retain employee talent by offering competitive compensation packages and fostering a culture of care about their well-being. In addition, we endeavor to be a proactive corporate citizen by being responsive and supportive of the needs of our employees to attract qualified talent. We strive to provide opportunities for qualified members of underrepresented communities and women for advancement within our company and award scholarships to the children and grandchildren of our 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 employees so that they may develop the skills that will support their entry into the workforce. In addition, in 2018, we implemented an Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP to provide employees the opportunity to share in the ownership of our company and benefit from our performance through the purchase of our company s stock. The ESPP allows eligible employees to accumulate contributions through after-tax payroll deductions to purchase shares of our Company s stock at a 15 discount and serves as one of the key retention mechanisms for our human capital. 
 Workforce Demographics 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a highly skilled workforce of 2,465 employees, of which 435 are subject to collective bargaining agreements expiring in April 2025 and June 2024. However, the Monrovia, California performance center that employs 130 of our collective bargaining employees that are covered by an agreement expiring in June 2024 will be ceasing production and the facility will close by the middle of 2023. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. Historically, we have been successful in negotiating renewals to expiring agreements without material disruption of operating activities, and believe our relations with our employees are good. See Risk Factors contained within Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding certain risks related to our employees. 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 General information about us can be obtained from our website address at www.ducommun.com . Our Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, if any, are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information included on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding SEC registrants, including our company. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be affected by known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. We have summarized below the significant, known material risks to our business. Additional risk factors not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any of these risks, uncertainties and other factors could cause our future financial results to differ materially from recent financial results or from currently anticipated future financial results. The risk factors below should be considered together with the information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K as well as other required filings by us with the SEC. 
 CAPITAL STRUCTURE RISKS 
 Our indebtedness could limit our financing options, adversely affect our financial condition, and prevent us from fulfilling our debt obligations. 
 On July 14, 2022, we completed a refinancing of all our existing debt by entering into a new term loan 2022 Term Loan and a new revolving credit facility 2022 Revolving Credit Facility ). The 2022 Term Loan is a 250.0 million senior secured loan that matures on July 14, 2027. The 2022 Revolving Credit Facility is a 200.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility that matures on July 14, 2027. The 2022 Term Loan and 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, collectively are the new credit facilities 2022 Credit Facilities ). The terms of the 2022 Term Loan require us to make installment payments of 0.625 of the initial outstanding principal balance on a quarterly basis during years one and two, 1.250 during years three and four, and 1.875 during year five, on the last business day of each calendar quarter. In addition, the undrawn portion of the commitment of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility is subject to a commitment fee ranging from 0.175 to 0.275 , based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had a total of 248.4 million of outstanding long-term debt under the 2022 Credit Facilities. The total long-term debt was primarily the result of our acquisitions, including Lightning Diversion Systems, LLC LDS in September 2017, Certified Thermoplastics Co., LLC CTP in April 2018, and Nobles Worldwide, Inc. Nobles in October 2019. 
 Our ability to obtain additional financing or complete a debt refinancing in the future may be limited. Should we not have ready access to capital markets, we may have to undertake alternative financing plans, such as selling assets; reducing or delaying scheduled expansions and/or capital investments; or seeking various other forms of capital. Our ability to complete reasonable alternative financing plans may be affected by circumstances and economic events outside of our control. We cannot ensure that we would be able to refinance our debt or enter into alternative financing plans in adequate amounts on commercially reasonable terms, terms acceptable to us or at all, or that such plans guarantee that we would be able to meet our debt obligations. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Our level of debt could: 
 limit our ability to obtain additional financing to fund capital expenditures, investments or acquisitions or other general corporate requirements; 
 require a portion of our cash flows to be dedicated to debt service payments instead of other purposes, thereby reducing the amount of cash flows available for working capital, capital expenditures, investments or acquisitions or other general corporate purposes; 
 increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions; 
 place us at a disadvantage compared to other, less leveraged competitors; 
 expose us to the risk of increased borrowing costs and higher interest rates as all of our current borrowings under our 2022 Credit Facilities bear interest at variable rates (our interest rate swaps, with an aggregate total notional amount of 150.0 million and seven year tenor, will not take effect until January 1, 2024), which could further adversely impact our cash flows; 
 limit our flexibility to plan for and react to changes in our business and the industry in which we compete; 
 restrict us from making strategic acquisitions; 
 expose us to risk of unfavorable changes in the global credit markets; and 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the 2022 Credit Facilities and our other debt. 
 The occurrence of any one of these events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to satisfy our obligations in respect of our outstanding debt. 
 We require a considerable amount of cash to run our business. 
 Our ability to make payments on our debt in the future and to fund planned capital expenditures and working capital needs, will depend upon our ability to generate significant cash in the future. Our ability to generate cash is subject to economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that may be beyond our control. 
 The terms of the 2022 Term Loan require us to make installment payments of 0.625 of the initial outstanding principal balance on a quarterly basis during years one and two, 1.250 during years three and four, and 1.875 during year five, on the last business day of each calendar quarter. In addition, the undrawn portion of the commitment of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility is subject to a commitment fee ranging from 0.175 to 0.275 , based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio. 
 In December 2021, we entered into a sale-leaseback transaction for the building and related land for our Gardena performance center located in Carson, California Sale-Leaseback Agreement ). The building and related land was sold for 143.1 million and we recognized a gain of 132.5 million. See Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. Also in December 2021, we acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests of MagSeal for an original purchase price of 69.5 million, net of cash acquired, all payable in cash. A portion of the proceeds from the sale-leaseback transaction was subsequently utilized to pay down the amount drawn on the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility to close the MagSeal acquisition. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 On July 14, 2022, as a result of completing a refinancing of our existing debt, we were required to complete an amendment of all the forward interest rate swaps Amended Forward Interest Rate Swaps we entered into in November 2021 that were based on U.S. dollar-one month London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR to be based on one month Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as borrowings can only be based on SOFR. The weighted average fixed rate of the Amended Forward Interest Rate Swaps was 1.7 . In November 2021, we entered into U.S. dollar-one month LIBOR forward interest rate swaps, all with an effective date of January 1, 2024, for an aggregate total notional amount of 150.0 million, weighted average fixed rate of 1.8 , and all terminating on January 1, 2031 Forward Interest Rate Swaps ). In October 2015, we entered into interest rate cap hedges designated as cash flow hedges, with a portion of these interest rate cap hedges maturing on a quarterly basis, with notional value in aggregate, totaling 135.0 million. However, all of these interest rate cap hedges matured in June 2020. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance on the 2022 Credit Facilities was 248.4 million with an average interest rate of 4.36 . Should interest rates increase significantly, our debt service cost will increase as all of our current debt borrowings under the 2022 Credit Facilities bear interest at variable rates. Any inability to generate sufficient cash flow could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. See Note 1 and Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 While we expect to meet all of our financial obligations, we cannot ensure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our debt or to fund our other liquidity needs. 
 We require a considerable amount of cash to fund our anticipated voluntary principal prepayments on our Credit Facilities. 
 Our ability to reduce the debt outstanding under our 2022 Credit Facilities through voluntary principal prepayments will be a contributing factor to our ability to keep our interest rate towards the lower end of the interest rate range as defined in the 2022 Credit Facilities. Our ability to make such prepayments will depend upon our ability to generate significant cash in the future. We cannot ensure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations to fund any such prepayments. 
 The covenants in our credit facilities impose restrictions that may limit our operating and financial flexibility. 
 We are required to comply with a leverage covenant as defined in the 2022 Credit Facilities. The leverage covenant is defined as Consolidated Funded Indebtedness less unrestricted cash and cash equivalents in excess of 5.0 million, divided by consolidated earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization EBITDA and other adjustments. 
 At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the leverage covenant under the 2022 Credit Facilities. However, there is no assurance that we will continue to be in compliance with the leverage covenant in future periods. 
 The 2022 Credit Facilities agreements contains a number of significant restrictions and covenants that limit our ability, among other things, to incur additional indebtedness, to create liens, to make certain payments, to make certain investments, to engage in transactions with affiliates, to sell certain assets or enter into mergers. 
 These covenants could materially and adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs. Furthermore, they may restrict our ability to expand, pursue our business strategies and otherwise conduct our business. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by circumstances and events beyond our control, such as prevailing economic conditions and changes in regulations, and we cannot ensure that we will be able to comply with such covenants. These restrictions also limit our ability to obtain future financings to withstand a future downturn in our business or the economy in general. 
 A breach of any covenant in the 2022 Credit Facilities could result in a default under the 2022 Credit Facilities. A default, if not waived, could result in acceleration of the debt outstanding under the agreement. A default could permit our lenders to foreclose on any of our assets securing such debt. Even if new financing were available at that time, it may not be on terms or amounts that are acceptable to us or terms as favorable as our current agreements. If our debt is in default for any reason, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 The typical trading volume of our common stock may affect an investor s ability to sell significant stock holdings in the future without negatively impacting stock price. 
 The level of trading activity may vary daily and typically represents only a small percentage of outstanding shares. As a result, a stockholder who sells a significant amount of shares in a short period of time could negatively affect our share price. 
 Our amount of debt may require us to raise additional capital to fund acquisitions. 
 We may sell additional shares of common stock or other equity securities to raise capital in the future, which could dilute the value of an investor s holdings. 
 BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL RISKS 
 Our end-use markets are cyclical. 
 We sell our products into aerospace, defense, and industrial end-use markets, which are cyclical and have experienced periodic declines. Our sales are, therefore, unpredictable and may tend to fluctuate based on a number of factors, including global economic conditions, geopolitical developments and conditions, pandemics, supply chain shortages, rising interest rates and other developments affecting our end-use markets and the customers served. Consequently, results of operations in any period should not be considered indicative of the operating results that may be experienced in any future period. 
 We depend upon a select base of industries and customers, which subjects us to unique risks which may adversely affect us. 
 We currently generate the majority of our revenues from customers in the aerospace and defense industry. Our business depends, in part, on the level of new military and commercial aircraft orders. As a result, we have significant sales to certain customers. Sales to The Boeing Company Boeing ), Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. Spirit ), and Viasat, Inc. Viasat 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 comprise a significant portion of our commercial aerospace end-use market. A significant portion of our net sales in our military and space end-use markets are made under subcontracts with original equipment manufacturers OEMs ), under their prime contracts with the U. S. Government. We had significant sales to General Dynamics Corporation GD ), Northrop Grumman Corporation Northrop ), and Raytheon Technologies Corporation Raytheon in 2022 in our defense technologies end-use market. 
 Our customers may experience delays in the launch of new products, labor strikes, diminished liquidity or credit unavailability, weak demand for their products, or other difficulties in their business. In addition, shifts in government spending priorities have caused and may continue to cause additional uncertainty in the placement of orders. 
 Our revenues from our top ten customers, which represented 61 of our total 2022 net revenues, were diversified over a number of different aerospace and defense products. Any significant change in production rates by these customers would have a material effect on our results of operations and cash flows. There is no assurance that our current significant customers will continue to buy products from us at current levels, or that we will retain any or all of our existing customers, or that we will be able to form new relationships with customers upon the loss of one or more of our existing customers. This risk may be further complicated by pricing pressures, competition prevalent in our industry and other factors. A significant reduction in sales to any of our major customers, the loss of a major customer, or a default of a major customer on accounts receivable could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. 
 Boeing was one of our largest customers in 2022, and the 737 MAX was one of our highest commercial end use market revenue platforms. In late 2020, Boeing began receiving regulatory approval for its 737 MAX to return to service from some of the major civil aviation regulators around the world and thus, we have been seeing an increase in our production rates. However, they are still below pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels. Revenue growth with our other commercial customers, including Airbus SE Airbus ), and continued solid demand from defense OEMs (also known as prime contractors) have helped to mitigate a significant portion of this risk for the time being. However, the residual effects of the COVID-19 pandemic along with inflationary forces and supply chain issues continues to dampen civil air travel demand in various segments and markets, and if traveler demand does not return in the near future, it may make it difficult to continue to offset a significant portion of this risk. 
 We generally make sales under purchase orders and contracts that are subject to cancellation, modification or rescheduling. Changes in the economic environment and the financial condition of the industries we serve could result in customer cancellation of contractual orders or requests for rescheduling. Some of our contracts have specific provisions relating to schedule and performance, and failure to deliver in accordance with such provisions could result in cancellations, modifications, rescheduling and/or penalties, in some cases at the customers convenience and without prior notice. While we have normally recovered our direct and indirect costs plus profit, such cancellations, modifications, or rescheduling that cannot be replaced in a timely fashion, could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 A significant portion of our business depends upon U.S. Government defense spending. 
 We derive a significant portion of our business from customers whose principal sales are to the U.S. Government. Accordingly, the success of our business depends upon government spending generally or for specific departments or agencies in particular. Such spending, among other factors, is subject to the uncertainties of governmental appropriations and national defense policies and priorities, constraints of the budgetary process, timing and potential changes in these policies and priorities, and the adoption of new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations. 
 These and other factors could cause the government and government agencies, or prime contractors that use us as a subcontractor, to reduce their purchases under existing contracts, to exercise their rights to terminate contracts for convenience or to abstain from exercising options to renew contracts, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Further, the levels of U.S. Department of Defense U.S. DoD spending in future periods are difficult to predict and are impacted by numerous factors such as the political environment, U.S. foreign policy, macroeconomic conditions and the ability of the U.S. Government to enact relevant legislation such as the authorization and appropriations bills. While the FY 2023 NDAA authorized 30 billion more than the U.S. President originally requested in the FY 2023 budget request, there continues to be uncertainty with respect to future program-level appropriations for the U.S. DoD and other government agencies for fiscal year 2024 and beyond. Accordingly, long-term uncertainty remains with respect to overall levels of defense spending and it is likely that U.S. Government discretionary spending levels will continue to be subject to pressure. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Exports of certain of our products are subject to various export control regulations and authorizations, and we may not be successful in obtaining the necessary U.S. Government approvals and related export licenses for proposed sales to certain foreign customers. 
 We must comply with numerous laws and regulations relating to the export of some of our products before we are permitted to sell those products outside the United States. Compliance often entails the submission and timely receipt of the necessary export approvals, licenses, or authorizations from the U.S. Government. Over the last several years, the U.S. export licensing environment for munitions has been adversely affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the changing geopolitical environment and heightened tensions with other countries (which shift and evolve over time). Accordingly, we can give no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining, in a timely manner or at all, the approvals, licenses or authorizations we need to sell our products outside the United States, which may result in the cancellation of orders and significant penalties to our customers if we do not make deliveries and fulfill our contractual commitments. Any significant delay in, or impairment of, our ability to sell products outside of the United States could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Contracts with some of our customers, including Federal government contracts, contain provisions which give our customers a variety of rights that are unfavorable to us and the OEMs to whom we provide products and services, including the ability to terminate a contract at any time for convenience. 
 Contracts with some of our customers, including Federal government contracts, contain provisions and are subject to laws and regulations that provide rights and remedies not typically found in commercial contracts. These provisions may allow our customers to: 
 terminate existing contracts, in whole or in part, for convenience, as well as for default, or if funds for contract performance for any subsequent year become unavailable; 
 terminate existing contracts if we are suspended or debarred from doing business with the federal government or with a governmental agency; 
 prohibit future procurement awards with a particular agency as a result of a finding of an organizational conflict of interest based upon prior related work performed for the agency that would give a contractor an unfair advantage over competing contractors; and 
 claim rights in products and systems produced by us. 
 If the U.S. Government terminates a contract for convenience, the counterparty with whom we have contracted on a subcontract may terminate its contract with us. As a result of any such termination, whether on a direct government contract or subcontract, we may recover only our incurred or committed costs, settlement expenses and profit on work completed prior to the termination. If the U.S. Government terminates a direct contract with us for default, we may not even recover those amounts and instead may be liable for excess costs incurred by the U.S. Government in procuring undelivered items and services from another source. 
 In addition, the U.S. Government is typically required to open all programs to competitive bidding and, therefore, may not automatically renew any of its prime contracts. If one or more of our customers government prime or subcontracts is terminated or canceled, our failure to replace sales generated from such contracts would result in lower sales and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Further consolidation in the aerospace industry could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 The aerospace and defense industry is experiencing significant consolidation, including our customers, competitors and suppliers. Consolidation among our customers may result in delays in the awarding of new contracts and losses of existing business. Consolidation among our competitors may result in larger competitors with greater resources and market share, which could adversely affect our ability to compete successfully. Consolidation among our suppliers may result in fewer sources of supply and increased cost to us. 
 Our growth strategy includes evaluating selected acquisitions, which entails certain risks to our business and financial performance. 
 We have historically achieved a portion of our growth through acquisitions and expect to evaluate selected future acquisitions as part of our strategy for growth. Any acquisition of another business entails risks and it is possible that we may not realize the expected benefits from an acquisition or that an acquisition could adversely affect our existing operations. Acquisitions entail certain risks, including: 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 difficulty in integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired company within our existing operations or in maintaining uniform standards; 
 loss of key employees or customers of the acquired company; 
 the failure to achieve anticipated synergies; 
 unrecorded liabilities of acquired companies that we fail to discover during our due diligence investigations or that are not subject to indemnification or reimbursement by the seller; and 
 management and other personnel having their time and resources diverted to evaluate, negotiate and integrate acquisitions. 
 We may not be successful in achieving expected operating efficiencies and sustaining or improving operating expense reductions, and may experience business disruptions associated with restructuring, performance center consolidations, realignment, cost reduction, and other strategic initiatives. 
 In recent years, we have implemented a number of restructuring, realignment, and cost reduction initiatives, including performance center consolidations, organizational realignments, and reductions in our workforce. While we have realized some efficiencies from these actions, we may not realize the benefits of these initiatives to the extent we anticipated. Further, such benefits may be realized later than expected, and the ongoing difficulties in implementing these measures may be greater than anticipated, which could cause us to incur additional costs or result in business disruptions. In addition, if these measures are not successful or sustainable, we may have to undertake additional realignment and cost reduction efforts, which could result in significant additional charges. Moreover, if our restructuring and realignment efforts prove ineffective, our ability to achieve our other strategic and business plan goals may be adversely impacted. 
 As we move up the value chain to become a more value added supplier, enhanced design, product development, manufacturing, supply chain project management and other skills will be required. 
 We may encounter difficulties as we execute our growth strategy to move up the value chain to become a more value added supplier of more complex assemblies. Difficulties we may encounter include, but are not limited to, the need for enhanced and expanded product design skills, enhanced ability to control and influence our suppliers, enhanced quality control systems and infrastructure, enhanced large-scale project management skills, and expanded industry certifications. Assuming incremental project design responsibilities would require us to assume additional risk in developing cost estimates and could expose us to increased risk of losses. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining the enhanced skills required to move up the value chain or that our customers will outsource such functions to us. 
 Risks associated with operating and conducting our business outside the United States could adversely impact us. 
 We have manufacturing facilities that we lease in Thailand and Mexico and also derive a portion of our net revenues from direct foreign sales. Further, our customers may derive portions of their revenues from non-U.S. customers. As a result, we are subject to the risks of conducting and operating our business internationally, including: 
 political instability; 
 economic and geopolitical developments and conditions; 
 pandemics and disasters, natural or otherwise; 
 compliance with a variety of international laws, as well as U.S. laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies conducting business abroad, including, but not limited to, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; 
 imposition of taxes, export controls, tariffs, embargoes and other trade restrictions; 
 difficulties repatriating funds or restrictions on cash transfers; and 
 potential for new tariffs imposed on imports by the U.S. administration. 
 While the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, we believe any one or more of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 Customer pricing pressures could reduce the demand and/or price for our products and services. 
 The markets we serve are highly competitive and price sensitive. We compete worldwide with a number of domestic and international companies that have substantially greater manufacturing, purchasing, marketing and financial resources than we do. Many of our customers have the in-house capability to fulfill their manufacturing requirements. Our larger competitors may 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 be able to compete more effectively for very large-scale contracts than we can by providing different or greater capabilities or benefits such as technical qualifications, past performance on large-scale contracts, geographic presence, price and availability of key professional personnel. If we are unable to successfully compete for new business, our net revenues growth and operating margins may decline. 
 Several of our major customers have completed extensive cost containment efforts and we expect continued pricing pressures in 2023 and beyond. Competitive pricing pressures may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. Further, there can be no assurance that competition from existing or potential competitors in other segments of our business will not have a material adverse effect on our financial results. If we do not continue to compete effectively and win contracts, our future business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to meet our financial obligations may be materially compromised. 
 Our products and processes are subject to risk of obsolescence as a result of changes in technology and evolving industry and regulatory standards. 
 The future success of our business depends in large part upon our and our customers ability to maintain and enhance technological capabilities, develop and market manufacturing services that meet changing customer needs and successfully anticipate or respond to technological advances in manufacturing processes on a cost-effective and timely basis, while meeting evolving industry and regulatory standards. To address these risks, we invest in product design and development, and incur related capital expenditures. There can be no guarantee that our product design and development efforts will be successful, or that funds required to be invested in product design and development or incurred as capital expenditures will not increase materially in the future. 
 We may not have the ability to renew facilities leases on terms favorable to us and relocation of operations presents risks due to business interruption. 
 Certain of our manufacturing facilities and offices are leased and have lease terms that expire between 2023 and 2032. The majority of these leases provide renewal options at the fair market rental rate at the time of renewal, which, if renewed, could be significantly higher than our current rental rates. We may be unable to offset these cost increases by charging more for our products and services. Furthermore, continued economic conditions may continue to negatively impact and create greater pressure in the commercial real estate market, causing higher incidences of landlord default and/or lender foreclosure of properties, including properties occupied by us. While we maintain certain non-disturbance rights in most cases, it is not certain that such rights will in all cases be upheld and our continued right of occupancy in such instances could be potentially jeopardized. An occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 Additionally, if we choose to move any of our operations, those operations may be subject to additional relocation costs and associated risks of business interruption. 
 LEGAL, REGULATORY, TAX, AND ACCOUNTING RISKS 
 We are subject to extensive regulation and audit by the Defense Contract Audit Agency. 
 T he accuracy and appropriateness of certain costs and expenses used to substantiate our direct and indirect costs for the U.S. Government contracts are subject to extensive regulation and audit by the Defense Contract Audit Agency, an arm of the U.S. DoD. Such audits and reviews could result in adjustments to our contract costs and profitability. However, we cannot ensure the outcome of any future audits and adjustments may be required to reduce net sales or profits upon completion and final negotiation of audits. If any audit or review were to uncover inaccurate costs or improper activities, we could be subject to penalties and sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from conducting future business with the U.S. Government. Any such outcome could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 We are subject to a number of procurement laws and regulations. Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected if we fail to comply with these laws. 
 We must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the award, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts. Government contract laws and regulations affect how we do business with our customers and impose certain risks and costs on our business. A violation of specific laws and regulations, by us, our employees, or others working on our behalf, such as a supplier or a venture partner, could harm our reputation and result in the imposition of fines and penalties, the termination of our contracts, suspension or debarment from bidding on or being awarded contracts, loss of our ability to export products or services and civil or criminal investigations or proceedings. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 In some instances, these laws and regulations impose terms or rights that are different from those typically found in commercial transactions. For example, the U.S. Government may terminate any of our customers government contracts and subcontracts either at its convenience or for default based on our performance. Upon termination for convenience of a fixed-price type contract, we normally are entitled to receive the purchase price for delivered items, reimbursement for allowable costs for work-in-process and an allowance for profit on the contract or adjustment for loss if completion of performance would have resulted in a loss. 
 Our operations are subject to numerous extensive, complex, costly and evolving laws, regulations and restrictions, including cybersecurity requirements, and failure to comply with these laws, regulations and restrictions could subject us to penalties and sanctions that could harm our business. 
 Prime contracts with our major customers that have contracts with various agencies of the U.S. Government are subject to numerous laws and regulations, which affect how we do business with our customers and may impose added costs to our business. As a result, our contracts and operations are subject to numerous, extensive, complex, costly and evolving laws, regulations and restrictions, principally by the U.S. Government or their agencies. These laws, regulations and restrictions govern items including, but not limited to, the formation, administration and performance of U.S. Government contracts, disclosure of cost and pricing data, civil penalties for violations of false claims to the U.S. Government for payment, defining reimbursable costs, establishing ethical standards for the procurement process, controlling the import and export of defense articles and services, and cybersecurity requirements, such as Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification CMMC ). 
 Noncompliance could expose us to liability for penalties, including termination of our contracts and subcontracts, disqualification from bidding on future U.S. Government contracts and subcontracts, suspension or debarment from U.S. Government contracting and various other fines and penalties . Noncompliance found by any one agency could result in fines, penalties, debarment or suspension from receiving additional contracts with all U.S. Government agencies. Given our dependence on U.S. Government business, suspension or debarment could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 In addition, the U.S. Government may revise its procurement practices or adopt new contract rules and regulations, at any time, including increased usage of fixed-price contracts, procurement reform, and compliance with cybersecurity requirements. Such changes could impair our ability to obtain new contracts or subcontracts or renew contracts or subcontracts under which we currently perform when those contracts are put up for competitive bidding. Any new contracting methods could be costly or administratively difficult for us to implement and could adversely affect our future net revenues. 
 In addition, our international operations subject us to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including, without limitation, regulations relating to import-export control, technology transfer restrictions, repatriation of earnings, exchange controls, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and the anti-boycott provisions of the U.S. Export Administration Act. Changes in regulations or political environments may affect our ability to conduct business in foreign markets including investment, procurement and repatriation of earnings. Failure by us or our sales representatives or consultants to comply with these laws and regulations could result in certain liabilities and could possibly result in suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of our export privileges, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 Environmental liabilities could adversely affect our financial results. 
 We are subject to various federal, local, and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to the use, storage, transport, discharge and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous chemicals and materials used and emissions generated during our manufacturing process. We do not carry insurance for these potential environmental liabilities. Any failure by us to comply with present or future regulations could subject us to future liabilities or the suspension of production, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Moreover, some environmental laws relating to contaminated sites can impose joint and several liability retroactively regardless of fault or the legality of the activities giving rise to the contamination. Compliance with existing or future environmental laws and regulations may require extensive capital expenditures, increase our cost or impact our production capabilities. Even if such expenditures are made, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply. We have been directed to investigate and take corrective action for groundwater contamination at certain sites and our ultimate liability for such matters will depend upon a number of factors. See Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Form 10-K for further information. 
 We may be subject to litigation, other legal proceedings and indemnity claims, and, if any of these are resolved adversely against us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 From time to time, we and our subsidiaries are involved in various legal and other proceedings that are incidental to the conduct of our business. Any litigation, other legal proceedings or indemnity claims could result in an unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal or in payments of substantial monetary damages or fines, or we may decide to settle on similarly 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 unfavorable terms, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We could also suffer an adverse impact on our reputation and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. See Note 13 and Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Form 10-K for further information. 
 Product liability claims in excess of insurance could adversely affect our financial results and financial condition. 
 We face potential liability for property damage, personal injury, or death as a result of the failure of products designed or manufactured by us. Although we currently maintain product liability insurance (including aircraft product liability insurance), any material product liability not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We use estimates when bidding on fixed-price contracts. Changes in our estimates could adversely affect our financial results. 
 We enter into contracts providing for a firm, fixed-price for the sale of a majority of our products, regardless of the production costs incurred by us. In many cases, we make multi-year firm, fixed-price commitments to our customers, without assurance that our anticipated production costs will be achieved. Contract bidding and accounting require judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating contract net sales and costs, including estimating cost increases over time and efficiencies to be gained, and making assumptions for supplier sourcing and quality, manufacturing scheduling and technical issues over the life of the contract. Such assumptions can be particularly difficult to estimate for contracts with new customers. Inaccurate estimates of these costs could result in reduced profits or incurred losses. Due to the significance of the judgments and estimates involved, it is possible that materially different amounts could be obtained if different assumptions were used or if the underlying circumstances were to change. Therefore, any changes in our underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 Goodwill and/or other assets could be impaired in the future, which could result in substantial charges. 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis as of the first day of our fourth quarter or more frequently if events or circumstances occur which could indicate potential impairment. In assessing the recoverability of goodwill, management is required to make certain critical estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include projected sales levels, including the addition of new customers, programs or platforms and increased content on existing programs or platforms, improvements in manufacturing efficiency, and reductions in operating costs. Due to many variables inherent in the estimation of a business s fair value and the relative size of our recorded goodwill, changes in estimates and assumptions may have a material effect on the results of our impairment analysis. If any of these or other estimates and assumptions are not realized in the future, or if market multiples decline, we may be required to record an impairment charge for goodwill. 
 We also test intangible assets with indefinite life periods for potential impairment annually and on an interim basis if there are indicators of potential impairment. 
 In addition, we evaluate amortizable intangible assets, fixed assets, production cost of contracts, and lease right-of-use assets for impairment if there are indicators of a potential impairment. 
 Further, impairment charges may be incurred against other intangible assets or long-term assets if asset utilization declines, customer demand declines or other circumstances indicate that the asset carrying value may not be recoverable. 
 Our goodwill and other intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 were 330.6 million, or 32 of total assets. If our goodwill and/or other assets are impaired, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. See Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets in Note 7 of our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Form 10-K for further information. 
 Unanticipated changes in our tax provision or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our profitability. 
 Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Furthermore, changes in income tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation, could result in higher or lower income tax rates assessed or changes in the taxability of certain sales or the deductibility of certain expenses, thereby affecting our income tax expense and profitability. In addition, we are regularly under audit by tax authorities. The final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud may be adversely affected if our internal control over financial reporting is not effective. 
 The accuracy of our financial reporting is dependent on the effectiveness of our internal controls. We are required to provide a report from management to our shareholders on our internal control over financial reporting that includes an assessment of the effectiveness of these controls. Internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations, including human error, the possibility that controls could be circumvented or become inadequate as a result of changed conditions, and fraud. Due to these inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting might not prevent or detect all misstatements or fraud. If we cannot maintain and execute adequate internal control over financial reporting or implement required new or improved controls that provide reasonable assurance of the reliability of the financial reporting and preparation of our financial statements for external use, our ability to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud could be adversely affected. 
 LABOR AND SUPPLY CHAIN RISKS 
 We are dependent upon our ability to attract and retain key personnel. 
 Our success depends in part upon our ability to attract and retain key engineering, technical and managerial personnel, at both the executive and performance center level. We face competition for management, engineering and technical personnel from other companies and organizations. The loss of members of our senior management group, or key engineering and technical personnel, could negatively impact our ability to grow and remain competitive in the future and could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 Labor disruptions by our employees could adversely affect our business. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 2,465 people. Two of our performance centers are parties to collective bargaining agreements, covering 130 full time hourly employees in one of those performance centers and 305 full time hourly employees in the other performance center, which will expire in June 2024 and April 2025, respectively. However, the Monrovia, California performance center that employs 130 of our collective bargaining employees that are covered by an agreement that expires in June 2024 will be ceasing production and the facility will close by the middle of 2023. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Form 10-K for further information. Although we have not experienced any material labor-related work stoppage and consider our relations with our employees to be good, labor stoppages may occur in the future. If the unionized workers were to engage in a strike or other work stoppage, if we are unable to negotiate acceptable collective bargaining agreements with the unions or if other employees were to become unionized, we could experience a significant disruption of our operations, higher ongoing labor costs and possible loss of customer contracts, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 We rely on our suppliers to meet the quality and delivery expectations of our customers. 
 Our ability to deliver our products and services on schedule and to satisfy specific quality levels is dependent upon a variety of factors, including execution of internal performance plans, availability of raw materials, internal and supplier produced parts and structures, conversion of raw materials into parts and assemblies, and performance of suppliers and others. 
 We rely on numerous third-party suppliers for raw materials and a large proportion of the components used in our production process. Certain of these raw materials and components are available only from single sources or a limited number of suppliers, or similarly, customers specifications may require us to obtain raw materials and/or components from a single source or certain suppliers. Many of our suppliers are small companies with limited financial resources and manufacturing capabilities. We do not currently have the ability to manufacture these components ourselves. These and other factors, including the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic, import tariffs, the loss of a critical supplier or raw materials and/or component shortages, could cause disruptions or cost inefficiencies in our operations. Additionally, our competitors that have greater direct purchasing power, may have product cost advantages which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 GENERAL RISKS 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused, and continues to cause, a significant adverse impact on our employees, operations, businesses of our customers, suppliers and distribution partners, and volatility in the financial markets. Changes in our operations in response to the COVID-19 pandemic or employee illnesses resulting from the pandemic, has resulted in and may continue to result in inefficiencies or delays, including in sales and product development efforts and our manufacturing and supply chain, and additional costs related to business continuity initiatives, that cannot be fully mitigated through succession 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 planning, employees working remotely, or teleconferencing technologies. The long-term impact to our business remains unknown. This is due to the numerous uncertainties that have risen from the pandemic, including the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, the likelihood of resurgences of the outbreak, including the emergence and spread of variants, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities in response to the disease, the timing, distribution, efficacy and public acceptance of vaccines, long-term impact from COVID-19 infection or vaccines, and the related unintended or unanticipated consequences. 
 The commercial aerospace industry, in particular, has been significantly disrupted, both domestically and internationally, by the pandemic. Governments around the world implemented stringent measures to help control the spread of the pandemic, including quarantines, shelter in place or stay at home orders, travel restrictions, business curtailments and other measures. As a result, demand for travel declined at a rapid pace beginning in mid-2020 and overall global travel still remains below pre-pandemic levels. However, commercial air travel has increasingly shown signs of recovery recently with increasing air traffic, primarily in domestic markets. The recovery in international commercial air travel has been slower with international travel still below pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels. The exact pace and timing of the overall commercial air travel recovery remains uncertain and is expected to continue to be uneven depending on factors such as trends in the number of COVID-19 infections (i.e., impact of new variants of COVID-19 surfacing) and the timing, distribution, efficacy, and public acceptance of vaccines, among other factors. While the full extent and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic cannot be reasonably estimated with certainty at this time, COVID-19 has had a significant impact on our business, the businesses of our customers and suppliers, as well as our results of operations and financial condition, and may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition in 2023 and beyond. 
 Our ability to continue to manufacture products is highly dependent on our ability to maintain the safety and health of our performance center employees. While we are following the guidelines and requirements of governmental authorities and taking preventive and protective measures to prioritize the safety and well-being of our employees, these measures are not always successful. Thus far, the ability of our employees to work has not been significantly impacted by individuals contracting or being exposed to COVID-19. However, if an outbreak of COVID-19 or other viruses does occur at any of our performance centers, it may disrupt our ability to manufacture products and thus, have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Increased scrutiny from investors, lenders, and other market participants regarding our environmental, social, and governance, or sustainability responsibilities could expose us to additional costs and adversely impact our liquidity, results of operations, reputation, employee retention, and stock price. 
 There is an increasing focus from certain investors, customers, and other key stakeholders concerning corporate responsibility, specifically related to environmental, social, and governance ESG factors. Some investors may use ESG criteria to guide their investment strategies and, in some cases, may choose not to invest in us if they believe our policies relating to corporate responsibilities are inadequate. Lenders may also use ESG criteria to guide their lending practices and, in some cases, may choose not to lend to us. 
 The ESG factors by which companies corporate responsibility practices are assessed may change. This could result in greater expectations of us and cause us to undertake costly initiatives to satisfy such new criteria. If we are unable to satisfy the new corporate responsibility criteria, investors may view our policies related to corporate responsibility as inadequate. We risk damage to our reputation in the event our corporate responsibility procedures or goals do not meet the standards or goals set by various constituencies. In addition, if our competitors corporate responsibility performance is perceived to be greater than ours, potential or current investors may elect to invest in our competitors instead. Further, in the event we communicate certain initiatives or goals related to ESG, we could fail, or be perceived to have failed, in our achievement of such initiatives or goals. If we fail to satisfy the expectations of investors and other key stakeholders, or our initiatives are not executed as planned, our reputation, employee retention, and willingness of our customers and suppliers to do business with us, financial results, and stock price could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Cybersecurity attacks, internal system or service failures may adversely impact our business and operations. 
 Any system or service disruptions, including those caused by projects to improve our information technology systems, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could disrupt our business and impair our ability to effectively provide products and related services to our customers and could have a material adverse effect on our business. We could also be subject to systems failures, including network, software or hardware failures, whether caused by us, third-party service providers, intruders or hackers, computer viruses, natural disasters, power shortages or terrorist attacks. Cybersecurity threats are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, unauthorized attempts to gain access to sensitive, confidential or otherwise protected information related to us or our products, our employees, customers or suppliers, or other acts that could lead to disruptions in our business. Any such failures could cause loss of data and interruptions or delays in our business, cause us to incur 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 remediation costs, subject us to claims and damage our reputation. In addition, the failure or disruption of our communications or utilities could cause us to interrupt or suspend our operations or otherwise adversely affect our business. Our property and business interruption insurance may be inadequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur as a result of any system or operational failure or disruption which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Assertions by third parties that we violated their intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Third parties may claim that we, our customers, licensees, or parties indemnified by us are infringing upon or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights. Such claims may be made by competitors seeking to obtain a competitive advantage or by other parties. Additionally, in recent years, individuals and groups have begun purchasing intellectual property assets for the purpose of making claims of infringement and attempting to extract settlements from companies like ours. 
 Any claims that we violated a third party s intellectual property rights can be time consuming and costly to defend and distract management s attention and resources, even if the claims are without merit. Such claims may also require us to redesign affected products and services, enter into costly settlement or license agreements or pay costly damage awards, or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing or providing the affected products and services. Even if we have an agreement to indemnify us against such costs, the indemnifying party may not have sufficient financial resources or otherwise be unable to uphold its contractual obligations. If we cannot or do not license the infringed technology on favorable terms or cannot or do not substitute similar technology from another source, our revenue and earnings could be adversely impacted . 
 Damage or destruction of our facilities caused by storms, earthquake, fires or other causes could adversely affect our financial results and financial condition. 
 We have operations located in regions of the U.S. that may be exposed to damaging storms, earthquakes, fires and other natural disasters. Although we maintain standard property casualty insurance covering our properties and may be able to recover costs associated with certain natural disasters through insurance, we do not carry any earthquake insurance because of the cost of such insurance. Many of our properties are located in Southern California, an area subject to earthquake activity. Our California performance centers generated 180.5 million in net revenues during 2022. Even if covered by insurance, any significant damage or destruction of our facilities due to storms, earthquakes, fires or other natural disasters could result in our inability to meet customer delivery schedules and may result in the loss of customers and significant additional costs to us. Thus, any significant damage or destruction of our properties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. See discussion of a fire in June 2020 which severely damaged our Guaymas, Mexico performance center in Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Form 10-K for further information. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our headquarters are located in Santa Ana, California. As of December 31, 2022, we owned or leased facilities and land for corporate functions and manufacturing at locations throughout the United States and various places outside the United States. We believe our existing facilities are suitable and adequate for our present purposes. Each of our reportable segments uses each of these facilities. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of our legal proceedings. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DCO. As of December 31, 2022, we had 142 holders of record of our common stock. We have not paid any dividends since the first quarter of 2011 and we do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 
 See Part III, Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS for information relating to shares to be issued under equity compensation plans. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the yearly percentage change in our cumulative total shareholder return with the cumulative total return of the Russell 2000 Index and the median of our 2023 Proxy Statement peers Median of Peers over a five year period, assuming the reinvestment of any dividends. The graph is not necessarily indicative of future price performance: 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Overview 
 Ducommun Incorporated Ducommun, the Company, we, us or our is a leading global provider of engineering and manufacturing services for high-performance products and high-cost-of failure applications used primarily in the aerospace and defense A D ), industrial, medical, and other industries Industrial ). We differentiate ourselves as a full-service solution-based provider, offering a wide range of value-added products and services in our primary businesses of electronics, structures and integrated solutions. We operate through two primary business segments: Electronic Systems and Structural Systems, each of which is a reportable segment. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic Impact on Our Business 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact on our overall business during the year ended December 31, 2022. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, precautionary measures were instituted by governments and businesses to mitigate its spread, including the imposition of travel restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place directives, and shutting down of non-essential businesses. 
 The safety of our employees remains our highest priority. The well-being and safety protocols that were already in place at all of our facilities were further enhanced at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. We continue to follow safety protocols consistent with guidelines provided by state and local governments and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC ). These measures included social distancing, provision of personal protective equipment, enhanced cleaning, and flexible work arrangements wherever possible. We have also offered enhanced leave and benefits to our employees and provided frequent updates to ensure our workforce is kept apprised of evolving regulations and safety measures. 
 In March 2020, the U.S. enacted the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act which provides tax relief to individuals and businesses affected by the coronavirus pandemic. We have not requested or accepted any loans or payments that are available under the CARES Act, however, we have utilized the option to defer payment of the employer portion of payroll taxes (Social Security) that would otherwise be required to be made during the period beginning March 27, 2020 to December 31, 2020. One half of the deferred amount was required to be paid and was paid by December 31, 2021, and the remaining 50 was required to be paid and was paid by December 31, 2022. Thus, there was no accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets related to this item as of December 31, 2022. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting inflation, rising interest rates, supply chain issues, and other events including the war in Ukraine have and continues to contribute to a general slowdown in the global economy and most significantly, the commercial aerospace end-use market. While both major large aircraft manufacturers, The Boeing Company Boeing and Airbus SE, have announced increases in build rates for 2023, the ramp up is slower than expected and below pre-pandemic levels. In its 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, Boeing indicated that domestic travel continues to recover from the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and will recover before international travel. However, the pace of the commercial market recovery remains impacted by government restrictions related to COVID-19, especially China. While the full extent and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic cannot be reasonably estimated with certainty at this time, COVID-19 has had a significant impact on our business, the businesses of our customers and suppliers, as well as our results of operations and financial condition, and may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition for 2023 and beyond. See Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K ). 
 Recap for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Net revenues of 712.5 million 
 Net income of 28.8 million, or 2.33 per diluted share 
 Adjusted EBITDA of 94.7 million 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation expense, restructuring charges, Guaymas fire related expenses, insurance recoveries related to business interruption, inventory purchase accounting adjustments, loss on extinguishment of debt, other debt refinancing costs, gain on sale-leaseback, and success bonus related to the completion of sale-leaseback transaction Adjusted EBITDA was 94.7 million and 92.8 million for years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 When viewed with our financial results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and accompanying reconciliations, we believe Adjusted EBITDA provides additional useful 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 information that clarifies and enhances the understanding of the factors and trends affecting our past performance and future prospects. We define Adjusted EBITDA, explain how it is calculated, and provide a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measure in the table below. Adjusted EBITDA and the related financial ratios, as presented in this Form 10-K, are supplemental measures of our performance that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. They are not a measurement of our financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to net income or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP, or as an alternative to net cash provided by operating activities as measures of our liquidity. The presentation of these measures should not be interpreted to mean that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or nonrecurring items. 
 We use Adjusted EBITDA as a non-GAAP operating performance measure internally as a complementary financial measure to evaluate the performance and trends of our businesses. We also present Adjusted EBITDA and the related financial ratios, as applicable, because we believe that measures such as these provide useful information with respect to our ability to meet our operating commitments. 
 Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations include: 
 It does not reflect our cash expenditures, future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 It does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 It does not reflect the significant interest expense or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt; 
 Although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; 
 It is not adjusted for all non-cash income or expense items that are reflected in our statements of cash flows; 
 It does not reflect the impact on earnings or charges resulting from matters unrelated to our ongoing operations; and 
 Other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently from us, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 As a result of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA and the related financial ratios should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business or as a measure of cash that will be available to us to meet our obligations. You should compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using Adjusted EBITDA only as supplemental information. See our consolidated financial statements contained in this Form 10-K. 
 Even with the limitations above, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA is useful to an investor in evaluating our results of operations as this measure: 
 Is widely used by investors to measure a company s operating performance without regard to items excluded from the calculation of such terms, which can vary substantially from company to company depending upon accounting methods and book value of assets, capital structure and the method by which assets were acquired, among other factors; 
 Helps investors to evaluate and compare the results of our operations from period to period by removing the effect of our capital structure from our operating performance; and 
 Is used by our management team for various other purposes in presentations to our Board of Directors as a basis for strategic planning and forecasting. 
 The following financial items have been added back to or subtracted from our net income when calculating Adjusted EBITDA: 
 Interest expense may be useful to investors for determining current cash flow; 
 Income tax expense may be useful to investors because it represents the taxes which may be payable for the period and the change in deferred taxes during the period, and may reduce cash flow available for use in our business; 
 Depreciation may be useful to investors because it generally represents the wear and tear on our property and equipment used in our operations; 
 Amortization expense may be useful to investors because it represents the estimated attrition of our acquired customer base and the diminishing value of product rights; 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Stock-based compensation expense may be useful to our investors for determining current cash flow; 
 Restructuring charges may be useful to our investors in evaluating our core operating performance; 
 Guaymas fire related expenses may be useful to our investors in evaluating our core operating performance; 
 Insurance recoveries related to business interruption may be useful to our investors in evaluating our core operating performance; 
 Purchase accounting inventory step-ups may be useful to our investors as they do not necessarily reflect the current or on-going cash charges related to our core operating performance; 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt may be useful to our investors for determining current cash flow; 
 Other debt refinancing costs may be useful to our investors in evaluating our core operating performance; 
 Gain on sale-leaseback may be useful to our investors in evaluating our core operating performance; and 
 Success bonus related to completion of sale-leaseback transaction may be useful to our investors in evaluating our core operating performance. 
 Reconciliations of net income to Adjusted EBITDA and the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net revenues were as follows: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income 28,789 135,536 29,174 Interest expense 11,571 11,187 13,653 Income tax expense 4,533 34,948 2,807 Depreciation 14,535 14,051 13,824 Amortization 16,886 14,338 15,026 Stock-based compensation expense (1) 
 10,744 11,212 9,299 Restructuring charges (2) 
 6,686 2,424 Guaymas fire related expenses 4,466 2,486 1,704 Insurance recoveries related to business interruption (5,400) Inventory purchase accounting adjustments (3) 
 1,381 106 Loss on extinguishment of debt 295 Other debt refinancing costs 224 Gain on sale-leaseback (132,522) Success bonus related to completion of sale-leaseback transaction (4) 
 1,451 Adjusted EBITDA 94,710 92,793 87,911 of net revenues 13.3 14.4 14.0 
 
 (1) 2022 included 1.2 million of stock-based compensation expense for awards with both performance and market conditions that will be settled in cash. 
 (2) 2022 included 0.5 million of restructuring charges that were recorded as cost of sales. 
 (3) 2022 and 2021 included inventory purchase accounting adjustments of inventory that was stepped up as part of our purchase price allocation from our acquisition of Magnetic Seal LLC (f/k/a Magnetic Seal Corporation, MagSeal in December 2021 and is a part of our Structural Systems operating segment. 
 (4) 2021 included 1.3 million of success bonus related to the completion of the sale-leaseback transaction that was recorded as part of cost of sales. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 The following table sets forth net revenues, selected financial data, the effective tax rate and diluted earnings per share: 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Years Ended December 31, 2022 of Net Revenues 2021 of Net Revenues Net Revenues 712,537 100.0 645,413 100.0 Cost of Sales 568,240 79.7 502,953 77.9 Gross Profit 144,297 20.3 142,460 22.1 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 98,351 13.8 93,579 14.5 Restructuring Charges 6,158 0.9 Operating Income 39,788 5.6 48,881 7.6 Interest Expense (11,571) (1.6) (11,187) (1.7) Loss on Extinguishment of Debt (295) Gain on Sale-Leaseback 132,522 20.5 Other Income, Net 5,400 0.7 268 Income Before Taxes 33,322 4.7 170,484 26.4 Income Tax Expense 4,533 nm 34,948 nm Net Income 28,789 4.0 135,536 21.0 Effective Tax Rate 13.6 nm 20.5 nm Diluted Earnings Per Share 2.33 nm 11.06 nm 
 nm = not meaningful 
 Net Revenues by End-Use Market and Operating Segment 
 Net revenues by end-use market and operating segment during 2022 and 2021, respectively, were as follows: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Years Ended December 31, of Net Revenues Change 2022 2021 2022 2021 Consolidated Ducommun Military and space (33,147) 420,701 453,848 59.1 70.3 Commercial aerospace 
 91,778 247,509 155,731 34.7 24.1 Industrial 8,493 44,327 35,834 6.2 5.6 Total 67,124 712,537 645,413 100.0 100.0 Electronic Systems Military and space (13,730) 314,181 327,911 71.3 79.5 Commercial aerospace 33,227 82,130 48,903 18.6 11.8 Industrial 8,493 44,327 35,834 10.1 8.7 Total 27,990 440,638 412,648 100.0 100.0 Structural Systems Military and space (19,417) 106,520 125,937 39.2 54.1 Commercial aerospace 58,551 165,379 106,828 60.8 45.9 Total 39,134 271,899 232,765 100.0 100.0 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Net revenues for 2022 were 712.5 million compared to 645.4 million for 2021. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to the following: 
 91.8 million higher revenues in our commercial aerospace end-use markets due to higher build rates on large aircraft platforms, other commercial aerospace platforms, and regional and business aircraft platforms; partially offset by 
 33.1 million lower revenues in our military and space end-use markets due to lower build rates on military rotary-wing aircraft platforms and military fixed-wing aircraft platforms. 
 Net Revenues by Major Customers 
 A significant portion of our net revenues are from our top ten customers as follows: Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Boeing Company 6.7 7.8 General Dynamics Corporation 5.7 3.0 Lockheed Martin Corporation 3.5 4.4 Northrop Grumman Corporation 5.7 7.1 Raytheon Technologies Corporation 21.6 24.4 Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. 5.7 3.8 Viasat, Inc. 5.4 2.6 Top ten customers (1) 
 61.4 61.1 
 (1) Includes The Boeing Company Boeing ), General Dynamics Corporation GD ), Lockheed Martin Corporation Lockheed Martin ), Northrop Grumman Corporation Northrop ), Raytheon Technologies Corporation Raytheon ), Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. Spirit ), and Viasat, Inc. Viasat ). 
 The revenues from Boeing, GD, Lockheed Martin, Northrop, Raytheon, Spirit, and Viasat are diversified over a number of commercial, military and space programs and some of which were generated by both operating segments. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit consists of net revenues less cost of sales. Cost of sales includes the cost of production of finished products and other expenses related to inventory management, manufacturing quality, and order fulfillment. Gross profit margin decreased to 20.3 in 2022 compared to 22.1 in 2021 primarily due to unfavorable product mix, partially offset by favorable manufacturing volume and lower compensation and benefits costs. 
 Selling, General and Administrative SG A Expenses 
 SG A expenses increased 4.8 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to higher other general administrative expenses of 4.0 million and higher compensation and benefits costs of 2.8 million, partially offset by lower professional services fees of 2.0 million. 
 Restructuring Charges 
 Restructuring charges increased 6.2 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to the restructuring plan that was approved and commenced in April 2022 that is expected to better position us for stronger performance. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to higher interest rates, partially offset by a lower outstanding debt balance. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on our long-term debt. 
 Gain on Sale-Leaseback 
 Gain on sale-leaseback decreased in 2022 compared to 2021 due to a lack of sale-leaseback during 2022. See Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on our sale-leaseback transaction. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Income Tax Expense 
 We recorded an income tax expense of 4.5 million (an effective tax rate of 13.6 in 2022, compared to 34.9 million (an effective tax rate of 20.5 in 2021. The decrease in the effective tax rate for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to lower pre-tax income for 2022 compared to 2021, which included the gain on the sale-leaseback transaction we entered into in December 2021. The lower pre-tax income in 2022 caused the research and development tax credits to have a higher income tax benefit impact on the effective tax rate. The higher income tax benefit on the effective tax rate was partially offset by higher income tax expense related to non-deductible book compensation expenses. 
 Our unrecognized tax benefits were 4.9 million and 4.4 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. We record interest and penalty charges, if any, related to uncertain tax positions as a component of tax expense and unrecognized tax benefits. The amounts accrued for interest and penalty charges as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were not significant. If recognized, 2.5 million would affect the effective income tax rate. As a result of statute of limitations set to expire in 2023, we expect decreases to our unrecognized tax benefits of approximately 0.6 million in the next twelve months. 
 We file U.S. Federal and state income tax returns. We are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service IRS for tax years after 2018 and by state taxing authorities for tax years after 2017. While we are no longer subject to examination prior to those periods, carryforwards generated prior to those periods may still be adjusted upon examination by the IRS or state taxing authority if they either have been or will be used in a subsequent period. We believe we have adequately accrued for tax deficiencies or reductions in tax benefits, if any, that could result from the examination and all open audit years. 
 In March 2020, the U.S. enacted the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act that provided tax relief to individuals and businesses affected by the coronavirus pandemic. We considered the provisions of the CARES Act and determined they do not have a material impact to our overall income taxes. We utilized the option to defer payment of the employer portion of payroll taxes (Social Security) that would otherwise be required to be made during the period beginning March 27, 2020 to December 31, 2020. See COVID-19 Pandemic Impact on Our Business above. As such, as of December 31, 2020, we deferred payment of income tax deductions related to payroll taxes of 6.1 million and recorded the related deferred tax asset of 1.4 million, which was included as part of the net deferred income taxes on the consolidated balance sheet. We were required to and made the payments for 50 of the deferred payroll taxes by December 31, 2021. We were required to and made the payments for the remaining 50 of the deferred payroll taxes by December 31, 2022. 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 TCJA ), which was signed into U.S. law in December 2017, eliminated the option to immediately deduct research and development expenditures in the year incurred under Section 174 effective January 1, 2022. The amended provision under Section 174 requires us to capitalize and amortize these expenditures over five years (for U.S.-based research). As of December 31, 2022, we recorded an increase to income taxes payable of 10.6 million and a decrease to net deferred tax liabilities of a similar amount. We are monitoring legislation for any further changes to Section 174 and the potential impact to our financial statements in 2023. 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA which aims to curb inflation by reducing the deficit, lowering prescription drug prices, and investing in domestic energy production while promoting clean energy. We considered the provisions in the IRA and determined they have no or minimal impact to our overall income taxes. 
 On August 9, 2022, the U.S. enacted the Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors Act of 2022 CHIPS Act which provides new funding to boost domestic research and manufacturing of semiconductors in the United States. We are evaluating the provisions in the CHIPS Act. Any impact to our overall income taxes would be for 2023 and thereafter. 
 Net Income and Earnings per Diluted Share 
 Net income and earnings per diluted share for 2022 were 28.8 million, or 2.33 per diluted share, compared to net income and earnings per diluted share for 2021 of 135.5 million, or 11.06 per diluted share. The decrease in net income in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to a lack of gain on sale-leaseback of 132.5 million, higher restructuring charges of 6.7 million 0.5 million was recorded as cost of sales), and higher SG A expenses of 4.8 million, partially offset by lower income tax expense of 30.4 million and higher other income, net of 5.1 million. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Business Segment Performance 
 We report our financial performance based upon the two reportable operating segments: Electronic Systems and Structural Systems. The results of operations differ between our reportable operating segments due to differences in competitors, customers, extent of proprietary deliverables and performance. The following table summarizes our business segment performance for 2022 and 2021: 
 29 

Table of Contents 

30 

Table of Contents 

 (Dollars in thousands) Years Ended December 31, of Net Revenues of Net Revenues Change 2022 2021 2022 2021 Net Revenues Electronic Systems 6.8 440,638 412,648 61.8 63.9 Structural Systems 16.8 271,899 232,765 38.2 36.1 Total Net Revenues 10.4 712,537 645,413 100.0 100.0 Segment Operating Income Electronic Systems 49,876 57,629 11.3 14.0 Structural Systems 17,225 20,234 6.3 8.7 67,101 77,863 Corporate General and Administrative Expenses (1) 
 (27,313) (28,982) (3.8) (4.5) Total Operating Income 39,788 48,881 5.6 7.6 Adjusted EBITDA Electronic Systems Operating Income 49,876 57,629 Other Income 196 Depreciation and Amortization 13,974 13,823 Restructuring Charges 3,786 Success Bonus Related to Completion of Sale-Leaseback Transaction (2) 
 970 67,636 72,618 15.3 17.6 Structural Systems Operating Income 17,225 20,234 Other Income 72 Depreciation and Amortization 17,212 14,331 Restructuring Charges 2,900 Inventory Purchase Accounting Adjustments 1,381 106 Guaymas Fire Related Expenses 4,466 2,486 Success Bonus Related to Completion of Sale-Leaseback Transaction (2) 
 475 43,184 37,704 15.9 16.2 Corporate General and Administrative Expenses (1) 
 Operating Loss (27,313) (28,982) Depreciation and Amortization 235 235 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 10,744 11,212 Other Debt Refinancing Costs 224 Success Bonus Related to Completion of Sale-Leaseback Transaction (2) 
 6 (16,110) (17,529) Adjusted EBITDA 94,710 92,793 13.3 14.4 Capital Expenditures Electronic Systems 10,717 7,471 Structural Systems 8,834 8,463 Corporate Administration Total Capital Expenditures 19,551 15,934 
 (1) Includes costs not allocated to either the Electronic Systems or Structural Systems operating segments. 
 (2) 2021 included 1.3 million of success bonus related to the completion of the sale-leaseback transaction that was recorded as part of cost of sales. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Electronic Systems 
 Electronic Systems net revenues in 2022 compared to 2021 increased 28.0 million primarily due to the following: 
 33.2 million higher revenues in our commercial aerospace end-use markets due to higher build rates on other commercial aerospace platforms, regional and business aircraft platforms, and large aircraft platforms; partially offset by 
 13.7 million lower revenues in our military and space end-use markets due to lower build rates on military rotary-wing aircraft platforms and various missile platforms, partially offset by higher build rates on military fixed-wing aircraft platforms. 
 Electronic Systems segment operating income in 2022 compared to 2021 decreased 7.8 million primarily due to unfavorable product mix and restructuring charges, partially offset by favorable manufacturing volume and lower compensation and benefits costs. 
 Structural Systems 
 Structural Systems net revenues in 2022 compared to 2021 increased 39.1 million primarily due to the following: 
 58.6 million higher revenues in commercial aerospace end-use markets due to higher build rates on large aircraft platforms, other commercial aerospace platforms, and regional and business aircraft platforms; partially offset by 
 19.4 million lower revenues in military and space end-use markets due to lower build rates on various missile platforms. 
 The Structural Systems operating income in 2022 compared to 2021 decreased 3.0 million primarily due to unfavorable product mix and restructuring charges, partially offset by favorable manufacturing volume and lower compensation and benefits costs. 
 In June 2020, a fire severely damaged our performance center in Guaymas, Mexico, which is part of our Structural Systems segment. We have insurance coverage and up to a capped amount, expect the damaged items will be covered, less our deductible. The full financial impact cannot be estimated at this time as we are currently working with our insurance carriers to determine the cause of the fire. The loss of production from the Guaymas performance center was being absorbed by our other existing performance centers, however, we have reestablished and are in the process of ramping up our manufacturing capabilities in a different leased facility in Guaymas. A neighboring, non-related manufacturing facility, also suffered fire damage during the same time as the fire that severely damaged our Guaymas performance center. The cause of the fire is still undetermined and as such, there is no amount of loss that is probable and reasonably estimable at this time. If we are ultimately deemed to be responsible or partly responsible, it is possible we could incur a loss in excess of our insurance coverage limits, which could be material to our cash flow, liquidity, or financial results. See Note 13 and Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Corporate General and Administrative CG A Expenses 
 CG A expenses in 2022 compared to 2021 decreased 1.7 million primarily due to lower professional services fees of 1.5 million and lower compensation and benefits costs of 0.8 million. 
 Backlog 
 We define backlog as customer placed purchase orders POs and long-term agreements LTAs with firm fixed price and expected delivery dates of 24 months or less. The majority of the LTAs do not meet the definition of a contract under ASC 606 and thus, the backlog amount disclosed below is greater than the remaining performance obligations amount disclosed in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Backlog is subject to delivery delays or program cancellations, which are beyond our control. Backlog is affected by timing differences in the placement of customer orders and tends to be concentrated in several programs to a greater extent than our net revenues. As a result of these factors, trends in our overall level of backlog may not be indicative of trends in our future net revenues. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The increase in backlog was primarily in the commercial aerospace end-use markets; partially offset by a decrease in the military and space end-use markets. 655.0 million of total backlog is expected to be delivered over the next 12 months. The following table summarizes our backlog for 2022 and 2021: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, Change 2022 2021 Consolidated Ducommun Military and space (62,924) 457,354 520,278 Commercial aerospace 116,985 450,092 333,107 Industrial 1,572 53,374 51,802 Total 55,633 960,820 905,187 Electronic Systems Military and space (38,420) 361,582 400,002 Commercial aerospace 68,780 125,590 56,810 Industrial 1,572 53,374 51,802 Total 31,932 540,546 508,614 Structural Systems Military and space (24,504) 95,772 120,276 Commercial aerospace 48,205 324,502 276,297 Total 23,701 420,274 396,573 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022, which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Available Liquidity 
 Total debt, the weighted-average interest rate, cash and cash equivalents and available credit facilities were as follows: 
 (Dollars in millions) December 31, 2022 2021 Total debt, including long-term portion 248.4 287.7 Weighted-average interest rate on debt 4.36 3.27 Term Loans interest rate 4.24 3.22 Cash and cash equivalents 46.2 76.3 Unused Revolving Credit Facility 199.8 99.8 
 On July 14, 2022, we completed a refinancing of all our existing debt by entering into a new term loan 2022 Term Loan and a new revolving credit facility 2022 Revolving Credit Facility ). The 2022 Term Loan is a 250.0 million senior secured loan that matures on July 14, 2027. The 2022 Revolving Credit Facility is a 200.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility that matures on July 14, 2027. The 2022 Term Loan and 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, collectively are the new credit facilities 2022 Credit Facilities ). In conjunction with the closing of the 2022 Credit Facilities, we utilized the entire 250.0 million of proceeds from the 2022 Term Loan plus our existing cash on hand to pay off our entire debt balance outstanding of 254.2 million under prior credit facilities. At the same leverage ratio, the interest rate spread in the 2022 Credit Facilities is lower than the interest rate spread under our prior credit facilities. Interest payments are typically paid on a quarterly basis, on the last business day each quarter. In addition, the 2022 Term Loan requires quarterly amortization payments of 0.625 during year one and year two, 1.250 during year three and year four, and 1.875 during year five of the original outstanding principal balance of the 2022 Term Loan amount, on the last business day each quarter. Further, the undrawn portion of the commitment of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility is subject to a commitment fee ranging from 0.175 to 0.275 , based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio, typically paid on a quarterly basis, on the last business day each quarter. However, the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility does not require any principal installment payments. As of December 31, 2022, 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 we were in compliance with all covenants required under the 2022 Credit Facilities. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 During 2022, we paid down our existing debt an aggregate total of 34.2 million. We also made the mandatory quarterly amortization payment of 1.6 million on the 2022 Term Loan and 3.5 million on our existing term loan described below during 2022. 
 In December 2019, we completed the refinancing of a portion of our then existing debt and entered into a new revolving credit facility 2019 Revolving Credit Facility to replace the then existing revolving credit facility that was entered into in November 2018 2018 Revolving Credit Facility and entered into a new term loan 2019 Term Loan ). The 2019 Revolving Credit Facility was a 100.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility that would have matured on December 20, 2024 and replaced the 100.0 million 2018 Revolving Credit Facility that would have matured on November 21, 2023. The 2019 Term Loan was a 140.0 million senior secured term loan that would have matured on December 20, 2024. We also had a then existing 240.0 million senior secured term loan that was entered into in November 2018 that would have matured on November 21, 2025 2018 Term Loan ). The original amounts available under the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility, 2019 Term Loan, and 2018 Term Loan (collectively, the Credit Facilities in aggregate, totaled 480.0 million at that time. We were required to make installment payments of 1.25 of the original outstanding principal balance of the 2019 Term Loan amount on a quarterly basis, on the last day of the calendar quarter and thus, paid 3.5 million during 2022. In addition, if we met the annual excess cash flow threshold, we were required to make an annual additional principal payment based on the consolidated adjusted leverage ratio. We did not exceed the annual excess cash flow threshold for 2021 and thus, no annual excess cash flow payment was required to be paid during the first quarter of 2022. Further, the undrawn portion of the commitment of the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility was subject to a commitment fee ranging from 0.175 to 0.275 , based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio. 
 In the first quarter of 2020, we drew down 50.0 million on the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility to hold as cash on hand, 25.0 million of which was repaid during the fourth quarter of 2020 with the remaining 25.0 million repaid during 2021, thus, we made no net aggregate voluntary prepayments during 2021. 
 In April 2022, management approved and commenced a restructuring plan that will position us for stronger performance. The restructuring plan will mainly reduce headcount and consolidate facilities. As a result of this restructuring plan, we analyzed the need to write-down inventory and impair long-lived assets, including operating lease right-of-use assets. As of December 31, 2022, we estimate the remaining amount of charges related to this initiative to be 12.0 million to 16.0 million in total pre-tax restructuring charges through 2023. Of these charges, we estimate 9.0 million to 12.0 million to be cash payments for employee separation and other facility consolidation related expenses, and 3.0 million to 4.0 million to be non-cash charges for impairment of long-lived assets. On an annualized basis, we anticipate these restructuring actions will result in total cost savings of 11.0 million to 13.0 million. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 In November 2021, we entered into derivative contracts, U.S. dollar-one month LIBOR forward interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges, all with an effective date of January 1, 2024, for an aggregate total notional amount of 150.0 million, weighted average fixed rate of 1.8 , and all terminating on January 1, 2031 Forward Interest Rate Swaps ). The Forward Interest Rate Swaps mature on a monthly basis, with fixed amount payer payment dates on the first day of each calendar month, commencing on February 1, 2024 through January 1, 2031. See Note 1 and Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 On July 14, 2022, as a result of completing a refinancing of our existing debt, we were required to complete an amendment of the Forward Interest Rate Swaps Amended Forward Interest Rate Swaps ). The Forward Interest Rate Swaps were based on U.S. dollar-one month LIBOR and were amended to be based on one month Term SOFR as borrowings using LIBOR are no longer available under the 2022 Credit Facilities. The Amended Forward Interest Rate Swaps weighted average fixed rate is 1.7 , as a result of the difference between U.S. dollar-one month LIBOR and one month Term SOFR. See Note 1 and Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 In October 2015, we entered into interest rate cap hedges designated as cash flow hedges with a portion of these interest rate cap hedges maturing on a quarterly basis, and a final quarterly maturity date of June 2020, in aggregate, totaled 135.0 million of our debt. We paid a total of 1.0 million in connection with entering into the interest rate cap hedges. The interest rate cap hedges matured during our second quarter of 2020 and as such, all remaining amounts related to the interest rate cap hedges were fully amortized and unrealized gains and losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income were also realized at that time. See Note 1 and Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 In December 2021, we acquired MagSeal for an original purchase price of 69.5 million, net of cash acquired, all payable in cash. Upon the closing of the transaction, we paid a gross total aggregate of 71.3 million in cash, a portion of which was by 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 drawing down on our revolving credit facility. This draw down on our revolving credit facility was paid off by December 31, 2021. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 In December 2021, we entered into a sale-leaseback transaction for the building and related land for our Gardena performance center located in Carson, California Sale-Leaseback Agreement ). The building and related land was sold for 143.1 million and we recognized a gain of 132.5 million. As part of the Sale-Leaseback Agreement, we entered into an initial five year lease for the usage of the just sold building and related land. The future minimum base monthly lease payments during the initial five year period in aggregate totaled 19.6 million. See Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 We expect to spend a total of 17.0 million to 19.0 million for capital expenditures in 2023, financed by cash generated from operations, principally to support new contract awards in Electronic Systems and Structural Systems. As part of our strategic plan to become a supplier of higher-level assemblies and win new contract awards, additional up-front investment in tooling will be required for newer programs which have higher engineering content and higher levels of complexity in assemblies. However, some portion of the expected capital expenditures in 2023 could be delayed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 We believe the ongoing aerospace and defense subcontractor consolidation makes acquisitions an increasingly important component of our future growth. We will continue to make prudent acquisitions and capital expenditures for manufacturing equipment and facilities to support long-term contracts for commercial and military aircraft and defense programs. 
 We continue to depend on operating cash flow and the availability of our 2022 Credit Facilities to provide short-term liquidity. Cash generated from operations and bank borrowing capacity is expected to provide sufficient liquidity to meet our obligations during the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these financial statements. 
 Cash Flow Summary 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Net cash provided by operating activities during 2022 was 32.7 million, compared to net cash used by operating activities of 0.6 million during 2021. The higher cash provided by operating activities during 2022 was primarily due to higher accounts payable and accrued liabilities, partially offset by lower net income, higher accounts receivable, higher inventories, and higher contract assets. 
 Net cash used in investing activities during 2022 was 19.2 million compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 57.8 million during 2021. The higher cash used in investing activities during 2022 was primarily due to the lack of proceeds from sale-leaseback, partially offset by the lack of payments for acquisition. 
 Net cash used in financing activities during 2022 was 43.5 million compared to 37.3 million during 2021. The higher cash used in financing activities during 2022 was primarily due to the net pay down on term loans. 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022, which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Our off-balance sheet arrangements consist of operating and finance leases not recorded as a result of the practical expedients utilized, right of offset of industrial revenue bonds and associated failed sales-leasebacks on property and equipment, and indemnities, none of which we believe may have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, liquidity, capital resources, or results of operations. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates are those accounting policies and estimates that can have a significant impact on the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations and that require the use of subjective estimates based upon past experience and management s judgment. Because of the uncertainty inherent in such estimates, actual results may differ from these estimates. Below are those policies applied in preparing our financial statements that management believes are the most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions. See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional accounting policies. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Our customers typically engage us to manufacture products based on designs and specifications provided by the end-use 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 customer. This requires the building of tooling and manufacturing first article inspection products (prototypes) before volume manufacturing. Contracts with our customers generally include a termination for convenience clause. 
 We have a significant number of contracts that are started and completed within the same year, as well as contracts derived from long-term agreements and programs that can span several years. We recognize revenue under Accounting Standards Codification 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), which utilizes a five-step model. 
 The definition of a contract for us is typically defined as a customer purchase order as this is when we achieve an enforceable right to payment. The majority of our contracts are firm fixed-price contracts. The deliverables within a customer purchase order are analyzed to determine the number of performance obligations. At times, in order to achieve economies of scale and based on our customer s forecasted demand, we may build in advance of receiving a purchase order from our customer. When that occurs, we would not recognize revenue until we have received the customer purchase order. 
 A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer, and is the unit of account under ASC 606. A contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, control is transferred and the performance obligation is satisfied. The majority of our contracts have a single performance obligation as the promise to transfer the individual goods or services are highly interrelated or meet the series guidance. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the contract transaction price to each performance obligation using our best estimate of the standalone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract. The primary method used to estimate the standalone selling price is the expected cost plus a margin approach, under which we forecast our expected costs of satisfying a performance obligation and then add an appropriate margin for that distinct good or service. 
 We manufacture most products to customer specifications and the product cannot be easily modified to satisfy another customer s order. As such, these products are deemed to have no alternative use once the manufacturing process begins. In the event the customer invokes a termination for convenience clause, we would be entitled to costs incurred to date plus a reasonable profit. Contract costs typically include labor, materials, overhead, and when applicable, subcontractor costs. For most of our products, we are building assets with no alternative use and have enforceable right to payment, and thus, we recognize revenue using the over time method. 
 The majority of our performance obligations are satisfied over time as work progresses. Typically, revenue is recognized over time using an input measure (i.e., costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion, also known as cost-to-cost plus reasonable profit) to determine progress. Our typical revenue contract is a firm fixed price contract, and the cost of raw materials could make up a significant amount of the total costs incurred. As such, we believe using the total costs incurred input method would be the most appropriate method. While the cost of raw materials could make up a significant amount of the total costs incurred, there is a direct relationship between our inputs and the transfer of control of goods or services to the customer. 
 Contract estimates are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events that can span multiple months or years. These assumptions include labor productivity and availability; the complexity of the work to be performed; the cost and availability of materials; and the performance of subcontractors. 
 As a significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the progress completed (and related profitability) on our contracts, we review and update our contract-related estimates on a regular basis. We recognize such adjustments under the cumulative catch-up method. Under this method, the impact of the adjustment is recognized in the period the adjustment is identified. Revenue and profit in future periods of contract performance is recognized using the adjusted estimate. 
 The impact of adjustments in contract estimates on our operating earnings can be reflected in either operating costs and expenses or revenue. See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the net impact of these adjustments to our consolidated financial statements for 2022 and 2021. 
 Payments under long-term contracts may be received before or after revenue is recognized. When revenue is recognized before we bill our customer, a contract asset is created for the work performed but not yet billed. Similarly, when we receive payment before we ship our products to our customer, a contract liability is created for the advance or progress payment. When a contract liability and a contract asset exist on the same contract, we report it on a net basis. 
 We record provisions for the total anticipated losses on contracts, considering total estimated costs to complete the contract compared to total anticipated revenues, in the period in which such losses are identified. The provisions for estimated losses on contracts require us to make certain estimates and assumptions, including those with respect to the future revenue under a contract and the future cost to complete the contract. Our estimate of the future cost to complete a contract may include assumptions as to changes in manufacturing efficiency, operating and material costs, and our ability to resolve claims and assertions with our customers. If any of these or other assumptions and estimates do not materialize in the future, we may be required to adjust the provisions for estimated losses on contracts. The provision for estimated losses on contracts is included as part of contract liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Production cost of contracts includes non-recurring production costs, such as design and engineering costs, and tooling and other special-purpose machinery necessary to build parts as specified in a contract. Production costs of contracts are recorded to cost of sales using the over time revenue recognition model. We review the value of the production cost of contracts on a quarterly basis to ensure when added to the estimated cost to complete, the value is not greater than the estimated realizable value of the related contracts. 
 Business Combinations 
 When a business is acquired, we allocate the purchase price by recording the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date, with the excess cost recorded as goodwill. A preliminary fair value is determined once a business is acquired, with the final determination of fair value be completed no later than one year from the date of acquisition. 
 To determine the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires significant judgment and estimates, including the selection of valuation methodologies, estimates of future revenues, costs and cash flows, discount rates, and selection of comparable companies. We engage the assistance of valuation specialists in concluding on fair value measurements in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations. 
 The fair value of the intangible assets is estimated using several valuation methodologies, including the income based or market based approaches, which represent Level 3 fair value measurements. Inputs to fair value analyses and other aspects of the allocation of the purchase price require judgment. The value for customer relationships is typically estimated based on a multi-period excess earnings approach. The more significant inputs used in the customer relationships intangible asset valuation include (i) future revenue growth rates, (ii) projected gross margins, (iii) the customer attrition rate, and (iv) the discount rate. The useful lives are estimated based on the underlying agreements or the future economic benefit expected to be received from the assets. 
 Acquisition related costs are not included as components of consideration transferred but instead, expensed as incurred and are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill is evaluated for impairment on an annual basis on the first day of the fourth fiscal quarter. If certain factors occur, including significant under performance of our business relative to expected operating results, significant adverse economic and industry trends, significant decline in our market capitalization for an extended period of time relative to net book value, a decision to divest individual businesses within a reporting unit, or a decision to group individual businesses differently, we may be required to perform an interim impairment test prior to the fourth quarter. 
 We may use either a qualitative or quantitative approach when testing a reporting unit s goodwill for impairment. The qualitative approach for potential impairment analysis is performed to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit was less than its carrying amount. 
 The quantitative approach for potential impairment analysis is performed by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. Fair value is estimated by management using a combination of the income approach (which is based on a discounted cash flow model) and the market approach. Management s cash flow projections include significant judgments and assumptions, including the amount and timing of expected cash flows, long-term growth rates, and discount rates. The cash flows used in the discounted cash flow model are based on our best estimate of future revenues, gross margins, and adjusted after-tax earnings. If any of these assumptions are incorrect, it will impact the estimated fair value of a reporting unit. The market approach also requires management judgment in selecting comparable business acquisitions and the transaction values observed and its related control premiums. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, the carrying amount of goodwill at the date of the most recent annual impairment evaluation for Electronic Systems and Structural Systems was 117.4 million and 86.0 million, respectively. 
 As of the date of our 2022 annual evaluation for goodwill impairment for the Structural Systems segment, which is also our reporting unit, we performed a step one goodwill impairment analysis as of the first day of the fourth quarter of 2022. The fair value of our Structural Systems segment exceeded its carrying value and thus, was not deemed impaired. 
 As of the date of our 2022 annual evaluation for goodwill impairment for the Electronic Systems segment, which is also our reporting unit, we performed a qualitative assessment as of the first day of the fourth quarter of 2022, which considered each of the following: 1) margin of passing most recent step one analysis, 2) actual operating results as compared to prior forecasts, 3) long-term growth rate, 4) analyzing material adverse factors/changes between valuation dates, 5) general macroeconomic factors, and 6) industry and market conditions. Based upon our qualitative assessment, we concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount and thus, goodwill was not deemed impaired. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Other Intangible Assets 
 We amortize acquired other intangible assets with finite lives over the estimated economic lives of the assets, ranging from 2 years to 19 years, generally using the straight-line method. The value of other intangibles acquired through business combinations has been estimated using present value techniques which involve estimates of future cash flows. We evaluate other intangible assets for recoverability considering undiscounted cash flows, when significant changes in conditions occur, and recognize impairment losses, if any, based upon the estimated fair value of the assets. 
 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation 
 We measure and recognize compensation expense for share-based payment transactions to our employees and non-employees at their estimated fair value. The expense is measured at the grant date, based on the calculated fair value of the share-based award, and is recognized over the requisite service period (generally the vesting period of the equity award). The fair value of stock options are determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton Black-Scholes valuation model, which requires assumptions and judgments regarding stock price volatility, risk-free interest rates, and expected options terms. Management s estimates could differ from actual results. The fair value of unvested stock awards is determined based on the closing price of the underlying common stock on the date of grant except for market condition awards for which the fair value was based on a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
 Inventories 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value with cost being determined using a moving average cost basis for raw materials and actual cost for work-in-process and finished goods. The majority of our inventory is charged to cost of sales as raw materials are placed into production. Inventoried costs include raw materials, outside processing, direct labor and allocated overhead, adjusted for any abnormal amounts of idle performance center expense, freight, handling costs, and wasted materials (spoilage) incurred. We assess the inventory carrying value and reduce it, if necessary, to its net realizable value based on customer orders on hand, and internal demand forecasts using management s best estimates given information currently available. The majority of our revenues are recognized over time, however, for revenue contracts where revenue is recognized using the point in time method, inventory is not reduced until it is shipped or transfer of control to the customer has occurred. Our ending inventory consists of raw materials, work-in-process, and finished goods. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income taxes are accounted for using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized, using enacted tax rates, for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the book and tax bases of recorded assets and liabilities, operating losses, and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets are evaluated quarterly and are reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 Tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return are recognized when it is more-likely-than-not, based on technical merits, to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement, including resolution of related appeals and/or litigation process, if any. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of recent accounting pronouncements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Our main market risk exposure relates to changes in interest rates on our outstanding long-term debt. At December 31, 2022, we had borrowings of 248.4 million under our 2022 Credit Facilities. 
 The 2022 Term Loan bears interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (i) Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Term SOFR plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.375 to 2.375 per year or (ii) Base Rate (defined as the highest of [a] Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 , [b] Bank of America s prime rate, and [c] Term SOFR plus 1.00 , and if the Base Rate is less than zero percent, it will be deemed zero percent) plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.375 to 1.375 per year, in each case based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio. 
 The 2022 Revolving Credit Facility bears interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (i) Term SOFR plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.375 to 2.375 per year or (ii) Base Rate (defined as the highest of [a] Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 , [b] Bank of America s prime rate, and [c] Term SOFR plus 1.00 , and if the Base Rate is less than zero percent, it will be 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 deemed zero percent) plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.375 to 1.375 per year, in each case based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio. 
 A hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in the interest rate would have an immaterial impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The financial statements and supplementary data together with the report thereon of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP included in Part IV, Item 15(a) 1 and 2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are included herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act )) are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management of the Company has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment and those criteria, management concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Directors of the Registrant 
 The information under the caption Directors Backgrounds and Qualifications in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 The information under the caption Named Executive Officers in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 The information under the caption Committees of the Board of Directors relating to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 
 The information under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 The information under the caption Code of Business Conduct and Ethics in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Changes to Procedures to Recommend Nominees 
 The information under the caption Nominating Process in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information under the captions 2022 Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Compensation of Directors in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table provides information about our compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance: 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (b) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a))(c)(3) Equity Compensation Plans approved by security holders (1) 
 702,425 36.89 338,061 Employee stock purchase plan approved by security holders (2) 
 549,977 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 702,425 888,038 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 (1) Consists of the Amended and Restated 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. The number of securities to be issued consists of 199,276 for stock options, 201,795 for restricted stock units and 301,354 for performance stock units at target. The weighted average exercise price applies only to the stock options. 
 (2) The 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan enables employees to purchase our common stock at a 15 discount to the lower of the market value at the beginning or end of each six month offering period. As such, the number of shares that may be issued during a given six month period and the purchase price of such shares cannot be determined in advance. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (3) Awards are not restricted to any specified form or structure and may include, without limitation, sales or bonuses of stock, restricted stock, stock options, reload stock options, stock purchase warrants, other rights to acquire stock, securities convertible into or redeemable for stock, stock appreciation rights, limited stock appreciation rights, phantom stock, dividend equivalents, performance units or performance shares, and an award may consist of one such security or benefit, or two or more of them in tandem or in alternative. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information under the caption Principal Accountant Fees and Services and Policy for Pre-Approval of Independent Accountant Services contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) 1. Financial Statements 
 The following consolidated financial statements of Ducommun Incorporated and subsidiaries, are incorporated by reference in Item 8 of this report. Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 43 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 45 
 Consolidated Statements of Income - Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 20 20 
 46 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity - Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 49 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 50 
 2. Financial Statement Schedule 
 The following schedule for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is filed herewith: Schedule II - Consolidated Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 81 
 All other schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the information has been otherwise supplied in the financial statements or notes thereto. 3. Exhibits 
 See Item 15(b) for a list of exhibits. 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 Signatures 

43 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Ducommun Incorporated 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ducommun Incorporated and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of changes in shareholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)2 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessment - Structural Systems Reporting Unit 
 As described in Notes 1 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 203.4 million as of December 31, 2022, and the goodwill associated with the Structural Systems reporting unit was 86.0 million. Goodwill is evaluated for impairment on an annual basis on the first day of the fourth fiscal quarter. If certain factors occur, management may be required to perform an interim impairment test. The quantitative approach for potential impairment analysis is performed by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. Fair value is estimated by management using a combination of the income approach (which is based on a discounted cash flow model) and the market approach. Management s cash flow projections include significant judgments and assumptions, including the amount and timing of expected cash flows, long-term growth rates, and discount rates. The cash flows used in the discounted cash flow model are based on management s best estimate of future revenues, gross margins, and adjusted after-tax earnings. The market approach also requires management judgment in selecting comparable business acquisitions and the transaction values observed and its related control premiums. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessment of the Structural Systems reporting unit is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the Structural Systems reporting unit based on a discounted cash flow model; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumption related to the estimate of gross margins; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s goodwill impairment assessment, including controls over the valuation of the Structural Systems reporting unit. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate of the Structural Systems reporting unit based on a discounted cash flow model; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the discounted cash flow model; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumption used by management related to the estimate of gross margins. Evaluating management s assumption related to the estimate of gross margins involved evaluating whether the assumption used by management was reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the Structural Systems reporting unit; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether the assumption was consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 16, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1989. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Ducommun Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable (net of allowance for credit losses of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Contract assets Inventories Production cost of contracts Other current assets Total Current Assets Property and Equipment, Net Operating Lease Right-of-Use Assets Goodwill Intangibles, Net Other Assets Total Assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current Liabilities Accounts payable Contract liabilities Accrued and other liabilities Operating lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Total Current Liabilities Long-Term Debt, Less Current Portion Non-Current Operating Lease Liabilities Deferred Income Taxes Other Long-Term Liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 13, 15) Shareholders Equity Common stock - par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total Shareholders Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Ducommun Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net Revenues Cost of Sales Gross Profit Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Restructuring Charges Operating Income Interest Expense ) ) ) Loss on Extinguishment of Debt ) Gain on Sale-Leaseback Other Income, Net Income Before Taxes Income Tax Expense Net Income Earnings Per Share Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Weighted-Average Number of Shares Outstanding Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Ducommun Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax: Pension Adjustments: Amortization of actuarial losses and prior service costs, net of tax of , , and for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively 
 Actuarial gains (losses) arising during the period, net of tax of , , and for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively 
 ) Change in net unrealized (losses) gains on cash flow hedges, net of tax of , , and for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively 
 ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax ) Comprehensive Income, Net of Tax 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Ducommun Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 Shares Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shareholders Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Employee stock purchase plan Stock options exercised Stock repurchased related to the exercise of stock options and stock awards vested ) ) ) ) Stock awards vested ) Stock-based compensation Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Employee stock purchase plan Stock options exercised Stock repurchased related to the exercise of stock options and stock awards vested ) ) ) ) Stock awards vested ) Stock-based compensation Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Employee stock purchase plan Stock options exercised Stock repurchased related to the exercise of stock options and stock awards vested ) ) ) ) Stock awards vested ) Stock-based compensation Balance at December 31, 2022 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Ducommun Incorporated and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Dollars in thousands) Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net Income Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash operating lease cost Inventory write-down and property and equipment impairment due to restructuring Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) (Recovery of) provision for credit losses ) ) Noncash loss on extinguishment of debt Insurance recoveries related to loss on operating assets Gain on sale-leaseback ) Other ) Changes in Assets and Liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Contract assets ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Production cost of contracts ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Contract liabilities Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Accrued and other liabilities ) Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale-leaseback Proceeds from sale of assets Insurance recoveries related to property and equipment Proceeds from life insurance Post closing cash received from (payments for acquisition of) Magnetic Seal LLC, net of cash acquired ) Post closing cash received from the acquisition of Nobles Worldwide, Inc., net Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Investing Activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Borrowings from senior secured revolving credit facility Repayments of senior secured revolving credit facility ) ) ) Borrowings from term loans Repayments of term loans ) ) ) Repayments of other debt ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) Net cash paid upon issuance of common stock under stock plans ) ) ) Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities ) ) Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 DUCOMMUN INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. 
 primary businesses: Electronic Systems segment Electronic Systems and Structural Systems segment Structural Systems ), each of which is a reportable operating segment. Electronic Systems designs, engineers and manufactures high-reliability electronic and electromechanical products used in worldwide technology-driven markets including A D and Industrial end-use markets. Electronic Systems product offerings primarily range from prototype development to complex assemblies. Structural Systems designs, engineers and manufactures large, complex contoured aerostructure components and assemblies and supplies composite and metal bonded structures and assemblies. Structural Systems products are primarily used on commercial aircraft, military fixed-wing aircraft, and military and commercial rotary-wing aircraft. All reportable operating segments follow the same accounting principles. 
 Taxes paid, net Non-cash activities: Purchases of property and equipment not paid 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 The interest rate cap hedges matured during the second quarter of 2020 and as such, the premium was as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 financial instruments in either 2022 or 2021. 
 million, all with an effective date of January 1, 2024 Forward Interest Rate Swaps to manage our exposure to interest rate movements on a portion of our debt. As such, at the time we entered into the Forward Interest Rate Swaps, there was a high probability of forecasted interest payments on our debts occurring and the swaps are highly effective in offsetting those interest payments and therefore, we elected to apply cash flow hedge accounting. On July 14, 2022, as a result of refinancing all our existing debt, which allows borrowing based on a Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), we were required to complete an amendment of the Forward Interest Rate Swaps from One Month London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR to One Month Term SOFR Amended Forward Interest Rate Swaps ), which occurred on the same day. After the transition of the Forward Interest Rate Swaps and debt to SOFR was completed, we determined the hedging relationship was still highly effective as of the amendment date. See Note 9. As of December 31, 2022, all of our derivative instruments were designated as cash flow hedges. 
 We record changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument that is highly effective and that is designated and qualifies as a cash flow hedge in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax until our earnings are affected by the variability of cash flows of the underlying hedged item. We report changes in the fair values of derivative instruments that are not designated or do not qualify for hedge accounting in current period earnings. We classify cash flows from derivative instruments in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows in the same category as the item being hedged or on a basis consistent with the nature of the instrument. Since the Amended Forward Interest Rate Swaps are not effective until January 1, 2024, we only record the changes in fair value of the derivative instruments that were highly effective and that were designated and qualified as cash flow hedges. As such, during 2022, we recorded changes of million to other assets, deferred income taxes, and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). During the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded an adjustment of million to correct an understatement of the hedge asset balance as of the end of the third quarter of 2022, with a corresponding increase of million to other comprehensive income, net of tax of million. There was no impact to net income. 
 When we determine that a derivative instrument is not highly effective as a hedge, we discontinue hedge accounting prospectively. In all situations in which we discontinue hedge accounting and the derivative instrument remains outstanding, we will carry the derivative instrument at its fair value on our condensed consolidated balance sheets and recognize subsequent changes in its fair value in our current period earnings. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

See Note 2. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 We acquired of the equity interests of Magnetic Seal LLC (f/k/a Magnetic Seal Corporation, MagSeal in December 2021, for an original purchase price of million, net of cash acquired. We recorded goodwill of million in our Structural Systems segment, which is also our reporting unit. See Note 2. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 to years, generally using the straight-line method. The value of other intangibles acquired through business combinations has been estimated using present value techniques which involve estimates of future cash flows. We evaluate other intangible assets for recoverability considering undiscounted cash flows when significant changes in conditions occur, and recognize impairment losses, if any, based upon the estimated fair value of the assets. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. 
 Production cost of contracts includes non-recurring production costs, such as design and engineering costs, and tooling and other special-purpose machinery necessary to build parts as specified in a contract. Production costs of contracts are recorded to cost of sales using the over time revenue recognition model. We review the value of the production cost of contracts on a quarterly basis to ensure when added to the estimated cost to complete, the value is not greater than the estimated realizable value of the related contracts. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, production costs of contracts were million and million, respectively. 
 Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities 
 Contract assets consist of our right to payment for work performed but not yet billed. Contract assets are transferred to accounts receivable when we bill our customers. We bill our customers when we ship the products and meet the shipping terms within the revenue contract. Contract liabilities consist of advance or progress payments received from our customers prior to the time transfer of control occurs plus the estimated losses on contracts. When a contract liability and a contract asset exist on the same contract, we report it on a net basis. 
 Contract liabilities 
 The increase in our contract assets as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 was primarily due to a net increase of products in work in process. 
 The increase in our contract liabilities as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 was primarily due to a net increase of advance or progress payments received from our customers in the current year. We recognized million of the contract liabilities as of December 31, 2021 as revenues during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Performance obligations are defined as customer placed purchase orders POs with firm fixed price and firm delivery dates. Our remaining performance obligations as of December 31, 2022 totaled million. We anticipate recognizing an estimated of our remaining performance obligations as revenue during the next months with the remaining performance obligations being recognized in 2024 and beyond. 
 55 

Table of Contents Commercial aerospace 
 Industrial Total Electronic Systems Military and space ) Commercial aerospace Industrial Total Structural Systems Military and space ) Commercial aerospace Total 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Government Grant 
 In November 2021, we were awarded an Aviation Manufacturing Jobs Protection Program grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation of million. As part of the award, we had to meet, and did complete, certain requirements over a six month performance period from November 15, 2021 to May 14, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we have received the entire million grant balance, million of which was received during 2021. We recorded million and million as a reduction of cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses, respectively, during 2022 and million and million as a reduction of cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses, respectively, during 2021. 
 Charitable Contributions 
 We contributed million to the Ducommun Foundation during 2022. 
 Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding Dilutive potential common shares Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding Earnings per share Basic Diluted 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Note 2. 
 of the outstanding equity interests of Magnetic Seal LLC (f/k/a Magnetic Seal Corporation, MagSeal ), a privately-held leading provider of high-impact, military-proven magnetic seals for critical systems in aerospace and defense applications, offering sealing solutions that are engineered to perform in high-speed, high-vibration, and other challenging environments. MagSeal is located in Warren, Rhode Island. The acquisition of MagSeal will continue to advance our strategy to diversify and offer more customized, value-driven engineered products with aftermarket opportunities. 
 The original purchase price for MagSeal was million, net of cash acquired, all payable in cash. We paid a gross aggregate of million in cash upon the closing of the transaction. Subsequent to the closing of the transaction, during the second quarter of 2022, as part of finalizing the working capital adjustment, we received million back from the seller which lowered the purchase price to million, net of cash acquired. We allocated the final gross purchase price of million to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the aggregate fair values of the net assets was recorded as goodwill. 
 Accounts receivable Inventories Other current assets Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets Goodwill Total assets acquired Current liabilities ) Other non-current liabilities ) Total liabilities assumed ) Total purchase price allocation 
 Backlog Trade name Indefinite 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 million were determined based on the estimated fair values using valuation techniques consistent with the income approach to measure fair value, which represented Level 3 fair value measurements. The useful lives were estimated based on the underlying agreements or the future economic benefit expected to be received from the assets. The value for customer relationships and backlog were estimated based on a multi-period excess earnings approach, while the value for trade name was assessed using the relief from royalty methodology. Inputs to the income approach models and other aspects of the allocation of the purchase price require judgment. The more significant inputs used in the customer relationships intangible asset valuation include (i) future revenue growth rates, (ii) projected gross margins, (iii) the customer attrition rate, and (iv) the discount rate. 
 The goodwill of million arising from the acquisition is attributable to the benefits we expect to derive from expected synergies from the transaction, including complementary products that will enhance our overall product portfolio, opportunities within new markets, and an acquired assembled workforce. All the goodwill was assigned to the Structural Systems segment. The MagSeal acquisition, for tax purposes, is deemed an asset acquisition and thus, is deductible for income tax purposes. 
 Acquisition related transaction costs were not included as components of consideration transferred but have been expensed as incurred. Total acquisition-related transaction costs incurred by us were million during 2021 and charged to selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 MagSeal s results of operations have been included in our consolidated statements of income since the date of acquisition as part of the Structural Systems segment and were immaterial since the date of acquisition. Pro forma results of operations of the MagSeal acquisition have not been presented as the effect of the MagSeal acquisition was not material to our financial results for both 2022 and 2021. 

Note 3. 
 million. As of December 31, 2022, we estimate the remaining amount of charges related to this initiative will be million to million in total pre-tax restructuring charges during 2023. Of these charges, we estimate million to million to be cash payments for employee separation and other facility consolidation related expenses, and million to million to be non-cash charges for impairment of long-lived assets. 
 In the Electronics Systems segment, we recorded million and million during the year ended December 31, 2022, for severance and benefits that were classified as restructuring charges and accelerated depreciation of property and equipment that was classified as restructuring charges, respectively. 
 In the Structural Systems segment, we recorded million, million, million, and million during the year ended December 31, 2022 for inventory write down that was classified as cost of sales, severance and benefits that were classified as restructuring charges, accelerated depreciation of property and equipment that was classified as restructuring charges, and impairment of property and equipment that was classified as restructuring charges, respectively. 
 ) Property and equipment accelerated depreciation due to restructuring ) Property and equipment impairment due to restructuring ) Inventory write down ) Ending balance ) ) 
 The restructuring activities accrual for severance and benefits of million as of December 31, 2022 was included as part of accrued and other liabilities. 
 59 

Note 4. 
 Work in process Finished goods Total 

Note 5. 
 Buildings and improvements - Years 
 Machinery and equipment - Years 
 Furniture and equipment - Years 
 Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation Total 
 Depreciation expense was million, million, and million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Note 6. 
 million and we had no continuing involvement. The carrying value of the building and related land was million and we recognized a gain of million. As part of the Sale-Leaseback Agreement, we entered into an initial lease for the usage of the just sold building and related land, with options to renew in increments. The lease was classified as an operating lease and the future minimum base monthly lease payments during the initial period in aggregate total million. 
 All Leases 
 We elected to utilize the following practical expedients that are permitted under ASC 842: 
 As an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset, elected not to separate nonlease components from lease components and instead to account for each separate lease component and the nonlease components associated with that lease component as a single lease component; and 
 As an accounting policy election not to apply the recognition requirements in ASC 842 to short term leases (a lease at commencement date has a lease term of 12 months or less and does not contain a purchase option that the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise). 
 We have operating and finance leases for manufacturing facilities, corporate offices, and various equipment. Our leases have remaining lease terms of to years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to years, and some of which include options to terminate the leases within year. 
 
 60 

Finance leases expense: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease expense 
 Short term and variable lease expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were not material. 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases 
 The weighted average remaining lease terms were as follows: (In years) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Operating leases Finance leases 
 When a lease is identified, we recognize a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability based on the present value of the lease payments over the lease term discounted using our incremental borrowing rate, unless an implicit rate is readily determinable. As the discount rate in our leases is usually not readily available, we use our own incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate. Our incremental borrowing rate is based on the interest rate on our term loan, which is a secured rate. After we completed a financing of all our existing debt on July 14, 2022, the interest rate on our term loan was based on Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Term SOFR plus an applicable margin. Prior to the refinancing, the interest rate on our term loans were based on London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR plus an applicable margin. 
 Finance leases 
 61 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest Total 
 Operating lease payments related to options to extend lease terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised are million. As of December 31, 2022, there are legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. 
 Finance lease payments related to options to extend lease terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised are not significant. As of December 31, 2022, there are legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. 

Note 7. 
 Accumulated goodwill impairment ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Purchase price allocation refinements ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 We perform our annual goodwill impairment test as of the first day of the fourth quarter. If certain factors occur, including significant under performance of our business relative to expected operating results, significant adverse economic and industry trends, significant decline in our market capitalization for an extended period of time relative to net book value, a decision to divest individual businesses within a reporting unit, or a decision to group individual businesses differently, we may be required to perform an interim impairment test prior to the fourth quarter. 
 We may use either a qualitative or quantitative approach when testing a reporting unit s goodwill for impairment. The qualitative approach for potential impairment analysis to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit was less than its carrying amount. 
 The quantitative approach for potential impairment analysis is performed by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. Fair value is estimated by management using a combination of the income approach (which is based on a discounted cash flow model) and market approach. Management s cash flow projections include significant judgments and assumptions, including the amount and timing of expected cash flows, long-term growth rates, and discount rates. The cash flows used in the discounted cash flow model are based on our best estimate of future revenues, gross margins, and adjusted after-tax earnings. If any of these assumptions are incorrect, it will impact the estimated fair value of a reporting unit. The market approach also requires management judgment in selecting comparable business acquisitions and the transaction values observed and its related control premiums. 
 Our most recent step one goodwill impairment test for our Electronic Systems reporting unit was as of the first day of the fourth quarter of 2019 where the fair value of our Electronic Systems reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. No material adverse factors/changes have occurred since the fourth quarter of 2019 and thus, for our annual goodwill impairment test of our 
 62 

of the outstanding equity of Magnetic Seal LLC (f/k/a Magnetic Seal Corporation, MagSeal for an original purchase price of million, net of cash acquired. We allocated the final gross purchase price of million to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the aggregate fair values was recorded as goodwill within the Structural Systems reporting unit. See Note 2. 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 Other intangible assets are related to acquisitions, including MagSeal, and recorded at fair value at the time of the acquisition. Other intangible assets with finite lives are generally amortized on the straight-line method over periods ranging from to years. 
 Trade names and trademarks Contract renewal Technology Backlog Total finite-lived assets Indefinite-lived assets Trade names and trademarks Total 
 The carrying amount of other intangible assets by operating segment as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 (In thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Gross Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Value Gross Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Value Other intangible assets Electronic Systems Structural Systems Total 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 

Note 8. 
 Accrued income tax and sales tax Other Total 

Note 9. 
 Total debt Less current portion Total long-term debt, less current portion Less debt issuance costs - term loans ) ) Total long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs - term loans Debt issuance costs - revolving credit facility (1) 
 Weighted-average interest rate 
 (1) Included as part of other assets. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 million senior secured loan that matures on July 14, 2027. The 2022 Revolving Credit Facility is a million senior secured revolving credit facility that matures on July 14, 2027. The 2022 Term Loan and 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, collectively are the new credit facilities 2022 Credit Facilities ). 
 The 2022 Term Loan bears interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (i) Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Term SOFR plus an applicable margin ranging from to per year or (ii) Base Rate (defined as the highest of [a] Federal Funds Rate plus , [b] Bank of America s prime rate, and [c] Term SOFR plus , and if the Base Rate is less than zero percent, it will be deemed zero percent) plus an applicable margin ranging from to per year, in each case based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio. Interest payments are typically paid on a quarterly basis, on the last business day each quarter. In addition, the 2022 Term Loan requires quarterly amortization payments of during year one and year two, during year three and year four, and during year five of the original outstanding principal balance of the 2022 Term Loan amount, on the last business day each quarter. The first quarterly amortization payment of million was required to be paid and was paid during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 The 2022 Revolving Credit Facility bears interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (i) Term SOFR plus an applicable margin ranging from to per year or (ii) Base Rate (defined as the highest of [a] Federal Funds Rate plus , [b] Bank of America s prime rate, and [c] Term SOFR plus , and if the Base Rate is less than zero percent, it will be deemed zero percent) plus an applicable margin ranging from to per year, in each case based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio. Interest payments are typically paid on a quarterly basis, on the last business day each quarter. The undrawn portion of the commitment of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility is subject to a commitment fee ranging from to , based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio, typically paid on a quarterly basis, on the last business day each quarter. However, the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility does not require any principal installment payments. 
 In conjunction with the closing of the 2022 Credit Facilities, we utilized the entire million of proceeds from the 2022 Term Loan plus our existing cash on hand to pay off our entire debt balance outstanding of million under prior credit facilities (described below). 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants required under the 2022 Credit Facilities. 
 In December 2019, we completed the refinancing of a portion of our then existing debt by entering into a new revolving credit facility 2019 Revolving Credit Facility to replace the then existing revolving credit facility that was entered into in November 2018 2018 Revolving Credit Facility and entered into a new term loan 2019 Term Loan ). The 2019 Revolving Credit Facility was a million senior secured revolving credit facility that would have matured on December 20, 2024 and replaced the million 2018 Revolving Credit Facility that would have matured on November 21, 2023. The 2019 Term Loan was a million senior secured term loan that would have matured on December 20, 2024. We also had a then existing million senior secured term loan that was entered into in November 2018 that would have matured on November 21, 2025 2018 Term Loan ). The original amounts available under the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility, 2019 Term Loan, and 2018 Term Loan (collectively, the Existing Credit Facilities in aggregate, totaled million at that time. 
 The 2019 Term Loan bore interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (i) the Eurodollar Rate (defined as the London Interbank Offered Rate [ LIBOR ]) plus an applicable margin ranging from to per year or (ii) the Base Rate (defined as the highest of [a] Federal Funds Rate plus , [b] Bank of America s prime rate, and [c] the Eurodollar Rate plus plus an applicable margin ranging from to per year, in each case based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio, typically payable quarterly. In addition, the 2019 Term Loan required amortization payments of of the original outstanding principal balance of the 2019 Term Loan amount on a quarterly basis, on the last day of the calendar quarter. During 2022, we made the required quarterly payments on the 2019 Term Loan before it was refinanced, in aggregate totaling million. 
 The 2019 Revolving Credit Facility bore interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (i) the Eurodollar Rate (defined as LIBOR) plus an applicable margin ranging from to per year or (ii) the Base Rate (defined as the highest of [a] Federal Funds Rate plus , [b] Bank of America s prime rate, and [c] the Eurodollar Rate plus plus an applicable margin ranging from to per year, in each case based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio, typically payable quarterly. The undrawn portion of the commitment of the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility was subject to a commitment fee ranging from to , based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio. However, the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility did not require any principal installment payments. 
 The 2018 Term Loan bore interest, at our option, at a rate equal to either (i) the Eurodollar Rate (defined as LIBOR plus an applicable margin ranging from to per year or (ii) the Base Rate (defined as the highest of [a] Federal Funds Rate plus , [b] Bank of America s prime rate, and [c] the Eurodollar Rate plus plus an applicable margin ranging from 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 to per year, in each case based upon the consolidated total net adjusted leverage ratio, typically payable quarterly. In addition, the 2018 Term Loan required amortization payments of of the outstanding principal balance of the 2018 Term Loan amount on a quarterly basis. 
 Further, under the then Existing Credit Facilities, if we exceeded the annual excess cash flow threshold, we were required to make an annual additional principal payment based on the consolidated adjusted leverage ratio. The annual mandatory excess cash flow payment was based on (i) of the excess cash flow amount if the adjusted leverage ratio is greater than to 1.0, (ii) of the excess cash flow amount if the adjusted leverage ratio was less than or equal to to 1.0 but greater than to 1.0, and (iii) percent of the excess cash flow amount if the consolidated adjusted leverage ratio was less than or equal to to 1.0. We did not exceed the annual excess cash flow threshold for 2021 and thus, no annual excess cash flow payment was required to be paid during the first quarter of 2022. 
 We drew down million on the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility during the first quarter of 2020 to hold as cash on hand, million of which was repaid during the fourth quarter of 2020. The remaining million was repaid during 2021. 
 In addition, since we were paying down on the term loans during the first quarter of 2022, we were required to pay down on the 2019 Term Loan and 2018 Term Loan on a pro-rata basis and thus, we paid down million and million on the 2019 Term Loan and 2018 Term Loan, respectively, for an aggregate total pay down of million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had million of unused borrowing capacity under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, after deducting million for standby letters of credit. 
 The 2022 Term Loan was considered a modification of debt for some lenders and an extinguishment of debt for other lenders, and thus, a loss of million was recorded related to the extinguishment. In addition, the new fees incurred of million were capitalized and will be amortized over the life of the 2022 Term Loan. Further, the remaining debt issuance costs related to the 2019 Term Loan and 2018 Term Loan of million as of the modification date will be amortized over the life of the 2022 Term Loan, using the effective interest method. 
 The 2022 Revolving Credit Facility that replaced the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility was considered a modification of debt except for the portion related to the creditor that is no longer a part of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility and in which case, it was considered an extinguishment of debt. As a result, we expensed the portion of the unamortized debt issuance costs related to the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility that was considered an extinguishment of debt of million. In addition, the new fees incurred of million as part of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility were capitalized and will be amortized over the life of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. Further, the remaining debt issuance costs related to the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility of million as of the modification date will also be amortized over the life of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 The 2019 Term Loan and 2018 Term Loan were considered a modification of debt in 2019 and thus, no gain or loss was recorded at that time. Instead, the new fees paid to the lenders at that time of million were capitalized and were being amortized over the life of the 2019 Term Loan. The remaining debt issuance costs related to the 2018 Term Loan of million as of the modification date in 2019 were being amortized over its remaining life. 
 The 2019 Revolving Credit Facility that replaced the 2018 Revolving Credit Facility was considered an extinguishment of debt except for the portion related to the creditors that were part of both the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility and the 2018 Revolving Credit Facility and in which case, it was considered a modification of debt in 2019. As a result, we expensed the portion of the unamortized debt issuance costs related to the 2018 Revolving Credit Facility that was considered an extinguishment of debt of million in 2019. In addition, the new fees paid to the lenders of million as part of the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility were capitalized and were being amortized over its remaining life. Further, the remaining debt issuance costs related to the 2018 Revolving Credit Facility of million were also being amortized over its remaining life. 
 In December 2021, we acquired of the outstanding equity interests of Magnetic Seal LLC (f/k/a Magnetic Seal Corporation, MagSeal for an original purchase price of million, net of cash acquired, all payable in cash. Upon the closing of the transaction, we paid a gross total aggregate of million in cash, million of which was from drawing down on the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility. This draw down on the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility was paid off by December 31, 2021. See Note 2. 
 Also in December 2021, we entered into a sale-leaseback transaction for the building and related land for our Gardena performance center located in Carson, California, for a sale price of million. A portion of the net proceeds were used to pay down on the million that was drawn on the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility for the MagSeal acquisition. See Note 5. 
 The 2022 Credit Facilities were entered into by us Parent Company and guaranteed by all of our domestic subsidiaries, other than two subsidiaries that were considered minor Subsidiary Guarantors ). The Subsidiary Guarantors jointly and severally guarantee the 2022 Credit Facilities. The Parent Company has no independent assets or operations and therefore, no consolidating financial information for the Parent Company and its subsidiaries is presented. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 million, weighted average fixed rate of , and all terminating on January 1, 2031 Forward Interest Rate Swaps ). The Forward Interest Rate Swaps mature on a monthly basis, with fixed amount payer payment dates on the first day of each calendar month, commencing on February 1, 2024 through January 1, 2031. The Forward Interest Rate Swaps were deemed to be highly effective upon entering into the derivative contracts and thus, hedge accounting treatment was utilized. Since the Forward Interest Rate Swaps are not effective until January 1, 2024, we only recorded the changes in the fair value of the Forward Interest Rate Swaps and recorded in other assets, deferred income taxes, and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of million during December 31, 2022. See Note 1 for further information. 
 On July 14, 2022, as a result of completing a refinancing of our existing debt, we were required to complete an amendment of the Forward Interest Rate Swaps Amended Forward Interest Rate Swaps ). The Forward Interest Rate Swaps were based on U.S. dollar-one month LIBOR and were amended to be based on one month Term SOFR as borrowings using LIBOR are no longer available under the 2022 Credit Facilities. Since this was an amendment of just the reference rate as a result of the cessation of LIBOR, utilizing the guidance under ASU 2020-04, we determined the Amended Forward Interest Rate Swaps as of the amendment date to continue to be highly effective. The Amended Forward Interest Rate Swaps weighted average fixed rate is , as a result of the difference between U.S. dollar-one month LIBOR and one month Term SOFR. 
 In October 2015, we entered into interest rate cap hedges designated as cash flow hedges with a portion of these interest rate cap hedges maturing on a quarterly basis, and a final quarterly maturity date of June 2020, in aggregate, totaling million of our debt. We paid a total of million in connection with entering into the interest rate cap hedges. The interest rate cap hedges matured during our second quarter of 2020 and as such, all remaining amounts related to the interest rate cap hedges were fully amortized and unrealized gains and losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income were also realized at that time. See Note 1 for further information. 

Note 10. 
 shares of preferred stock. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, preferred shares were issued or outstanding. 

Note 11. 
 active stock incentive plans: i) the Amended and Restated 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan ), which expires on April 20, 2032, and ii) the 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). The 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended (the 2013 Plan was closed to further issuances of stock awards in May 2020 and any remaining shares available were folded into the 2020 Plan as part of the approval of the 2020 Plan by shareholders at the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders in May 2020. The 2020 Plan permit awards of stock options, restricted stock units, performance stock units and other stock-based awards to our officers, key employees and non-employee directors on terms determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee ). The aggregate number of shares available for issuance under the 2020 Plan is plus any outstanding awards issued under the 2013 Plan that are subsequently forfeited, terminated, expire or otherwise lapse without being exercised. As of December 31, 2022, shares available for future grant under the 2020 Plan are . Prior to the adoption of the 2020 Plan, we granted stock-based awards to purchase shares of our common stock under certain predecessor plans. No further awards can be granted under these predecessor plans. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The ESPP was adopted by the Board of Directors and approved by the shareholders in 2018, including shares that can be awarded. The first offering period closed on July 31, 2019. Under the ESPP, our employees who elect to participate have the right to purchase common stock at a discount from the lower of the market value of the common stock at the beginning or the end of each offering period and the discount will be treated as compensation to those employees. Employees purchase common stock using payroll deductions, which may not exceed of their eligible compensation and other limitations. The Compensation Committee administers the ESPP. As of December 31, 2022, there are shares available for future award grants. 
 Stock Options 
 In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we granted stock options to our officers and key employees of , , and , respectively, with weighted-average grant date fair values of , , and , respectively. Stock options have been granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our stock on the date of grant and expire not more than from the date of grant. The stock options typically vest over a period of three or from the date of grant. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised ) Expired ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exerciseable at December 31, 2022 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options represents the amount by which the market price of our common stock exceeds the exercise price of the stock option. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. Cash received from stock options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively, with related tax benefits of million, million, and million, respectively. The total amount of stock options vested and expected to vest in the future is shares with a weighted-average exercise price of and an aggregate intrinsic value of million. These stock options have a weighted-average remaining contractual term of years. 
 The share-based compensation cost expensed for stock options for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (before tax benefits) was million, million, and million, respectively, and is included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated income statements. At December 31, 2022, there was remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options. The total fair value of stock options vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 We apply fair value accounting for stock-based compensation based on the grant date fair value estimated using a Black-Scholes-Merton Black-Scholes valuation model. Expected volatility N/A N/A Expected dividends N/A N/A Expected term (in months) N/A N/A 
 We recognize compensation expense, net of an estimated forfeiture rate, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award. We have award populations with option vesting terms of three and . We estimate the forfeiture rate based on our historic experience, attempting to determine any discernible activity patterns. The expected life computation is 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 , , and RSUs during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, with weighted-average grant date fair values (equal to the fair market value of our stock on the date of grant) of , , and per share, respectively. RSUs represent a right to receive a share of stock at future vesting dates with no cash payment required from the holder. The RSUs typically have a vesting term of , and on the first, second and third anniversaries of the date of grant, respectively. If an employee terminates employment, their non-vested portion of the RSUs will not vest and all rights to the non-vested portion will terminate. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 The share-based compensation cost expensed for RSUs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (before tax benefits) was million, million, and million respectively, and is included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated income statements. At December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost (before tax benefits) related to RSUs of million is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The total fair value of RSUs vested for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. The tax benefit realized from vested RSUs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Performance Stock Units 
 We granted performance stock awards PSUs to certain key employees of , , and PSUs during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, with weighted-average grant date fair values of , , and per share, respectively. PSU awards are subject to the attainment of performance goals established by the Compensation Committee, the periods during which performance is to be measured, and all other limitations and conditions applicable to the awarded shares. Performance goals are based on a pre-established objective formula that specifies the manner of determining the number of PSUs that will be granted if performance goals are attained. If an employee terminates employment, their non-vested portion of the PSUs will not vest and all rights to the non-vested portion will terminate. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 The share-based compensation cost expensed for PSUs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (before tax benefits) was million, million and million, respectively, and is included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated income statements. At December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost (before tax benefits) related to PSUs of million is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The total fair value of PSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was million, million, and 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Performance-Based With Market Condition Cash Settled Long-Term Incentive Awards 
 As permitted under the 2020 Plan, performance-based with market condition cash settled long-term incentive awards Performance-Based Cash LTIPs were granted in 2022. Performance-Based Cash LTIPs will be settled in cash and are subject to the attainment of performance goals established by the Compensation Committee (including achievement of relative total shareholder return market condition), the periods during which performance is to be measured, and all other limitations and conditions applicable to the Performance-Based Cash LTIPs values. Performance goals are based on a pre-established objective formula that specifies the manner of determining the value of the Performance-Based Cash LTIPs that will be issued if performance goals are attained. If an employee terminates employment, their non-vested portion of the Performance-Based Cash LTIPs will not vest and all rights to the non-vested portion of the Performance-Based Cash LTIPs will terminate. The Compensation Committee administers the Performance-Based Cash LTIPs. The share-based compensation expense recorded for the Performance-Based Cash LTIPs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (before tax benefits) was million, , and , respectively. 

Note 12. 
 of their compensation or limits established by the Internal Revenue Code. Under this plan, we generally provide a match equal to of the employee s contributions up to the first of compensation, except for union employees who are not eligible to receive the match. Our provision for matching and profit sharing contributions for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Pension Plan and LaBarge Retirement Plan 
 We have a defined benefit pension plan covering certain hourly employees of a subsidiary (the Pension Plan ). Pension Plan benefits are generally determined on the basis of the retiree s age and length of service. Assets of the Pension Plan are composed primarily of fixed income and equity securities. We also have a retirement plan covering certain current and retired employees (the LaBarge Retirement Plan ). 
 The consolidation of one of our performance centers as part of the 2022 Restructuring Plan as discussed in Note 2 resulted in the curtailment of the Pension Plan during the fourth quarter of 2022, but it had an immaterial impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial losses Net periodic pension cost 
 Tax benefit ) Net of tax 
 (1) The amortization expense is included in the computation of periodic pension cost and is a decrease to net income upon reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
 The estimated net actuarial loss for both plans that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic cost during 2023 is million. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Ending benefit obligation (December 31) Change in plan assets Beginning fair value of plan assets (January 1) Return on assets ) Employer contribution Benefits paid ) ) Ending fair value of plan assets (December 31) Funded status underfunded ) ) Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheet Current liabilities Non-current liabilities Unrecognized loss included in accumulated other comprehensive loss Beginning unrecognized loss, before tax (January 1) Amortization ) ) Liability gain ) ) Asset loss (gain) ) Ending unrecognized loss, before tax (December 31) Tax impact ) ) Unrecognized loss included in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
 
 (1) Projected benefit obligation equals the accumulated benefit obligation for the plans. 
 On December 31, 2022, our annual measurement date, the accumulated benefit obligation exceeded the fair value of the plans assets by million. Such excess is referred to as an unfunded accumulated benefit obligation. We recorded an unrecognized loss included in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax at December 31, 2022 and 2021 of million and million, respectively, which decreased shareholders equity. This charge to shareholders equity represents a net loss not yet recognized as pension expense. This charge did not affect reported earnings, and would be decreased or be eliminated if either interest rates increase or market performance and plan returns improve which will cause the Pension Plan to return to fully funded status. 
 Cash and equivalents Debt securities Total (1) 

(1) Our overall investment strategy is to achieve an asset allocation within the following ranges to achieve an appropriate rate of return relative to risk. Cash - 
 Fixed income securities - 
 Equities - 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Fixed income securities Equities (1) 
 Other investments Total plan assets at fair value Pooled funds Total fair value of plan assets 
 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Cash and cash equivalents Fixed income securities Equities (1) 
 Other investments Total plan assets at fair value Pooled funds Total fair value of plan assets 
 
 (1) Represents mutual funds and commingled accounts which invest primarily in equities, but may also hold fixed income securities, cash and other investments. Commingled funds with publicly quoted prices and actively traded are classified as Level 1 investments. 
 Pooled funds are measured using the net asset value NAV as a practical expedient for fair value as permissible under the accounting standard for fair value measurements and have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy in accordance with ASU 2015-07, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent). Pooled fund NAVs are provided by the trustee and are determined by reference to the fair value of the underlying securities of the trust, less its liabilities, which are valued primarily through the use of directly or indirectly observable inputs. Depending on the pooled fund, underlying securities may include marketable equity securities or fixed income securities. 
 The assumptions used to determine the benefit obligations and expense for our plans are presented in the tables below. The expected long-term return on assets, noted below, represents an estimate of long-term returns on investment portfolios consisting of a mixture of fixed income and equity securities. The estimated cash flows from the plans for all future years are determined based on the plans population at the measurement date. We used the expected benefit payouts from the plans for each year into the future and discounted them back to the present using the Wells Fargo yield curve rate for that duration. 
 plans were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate used to determine pension expense Pension Plan LaBarge Retirement Plan 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 plans were as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate used to determine value of obligations Pension Plan LaBarge Retirement Plan Long-term rate of return - Pension Plan only 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 
 Our funding policy is to contribute cash to our plans so that the minimum contribution requirements established by government funding and taxing authorities are met. We expect to make contributions of million to the plans in 2023. 
 Supplemental Retirement Plans 
 We have unfunded supplemental retirement plans. The first plan was suspended in 1986, but continues to cover certain former executives. The second plan was suspended in 1997, but continues to cover certain current and retired directors. The third plan covers certain current and retired employees and further employee contributions to this plan were suspended on August 5, 2011. The liability for the third plan and interest thereon is included in accrued employee compensation and long-term liabilities were both at December 31, 2022, and both at December 31, 2021. The accumulated benefit obligations of the first plans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were both million, and are included in accrued liabilities. 

Note 13. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Note 14. 
 
 State ) Deferred tax (benefit) expense Federal ) State ) ) ) Income tax expense 
 We recognized net income tax benefits from deductions of share-based payments in excess of compensation cost recognized for financial reporting purposes of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Allowance for doubtful accounts Contract overrun reserves Deferred compensation Deferred revenue Employment-related accruals Environmental reserves Federal tax credit carryforwards Inventory reserves Operating lease liabilities Pension obligation Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards Research expenses State tax credit carryforwards Stock-based compensation Other Total gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total gross deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation ) ) Goodwill ) ) Intangibles ) ) Interest rate hedge ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Prepaid insurance ) ) Other ) ) Total gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 We have federal and state tax net operating losses of million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. The federal net operating losses acquired from the acquisition of Nobles are subject to an annual limitation under Internal Revenue Code Section 382; however, we expect to fully realize them under ASC Subtopic 740-10 before they begin to expire in 2036. The state net operating loss carryforwards include million that is not expected to be realized due to various limitations and has been reduced by a valuation allowance. If not realized, the state net operating loss carryforwards, depending on the tax jurisdiction, will begin to expire between 2027 and 2038. 
 We have federal and state tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. A valuation allowance of million has been provided on state tax credit carryforwards that are not expected to be realized under ASC Subtopic 740-10. If not realized, the federal tax carryforwards will begin to expire in 2032 and state tax credit carryforwards, depending on the tax jurisdiction, will begin to expire between 2023 and 2037. 
 We believe it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the benefit of the remaining deferred tax assets. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 State income taxes (net of federal benefit) Foreign derived intangible income deduction ) ) Stock-based compensation expense ) ) ) Research and development tax credits (1) 
 ) ) ) Other tax credits ) ) Changes in valuation allowance ) ) ) Non-deductible book compensation expenses Changes in deferred tax assets ) ) Changes in tax reserves ) Other Effective income tax rate 
 (1) For 2020, ) is additional research and development tax credits related to 2019. 
 Our total amount of unrecognized tax benefits was million, million, and million at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. We record interest and penalty charges, if any, related to uncertain tax positions as a component of tax expense and unrecognized tax benefits. The amounts accrued for interest and penalty charges as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were not significant. If recognized, million would affect the effective income tax rate. As a result of statute of limitations set to expire in 2023, we expect decreases to our unrecognized tax benefits of approximately million in the next twelve months. 
 Additions for tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions related to prior years Reductions for tax positions related to prior years ) Reductions for lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 We file U.S. Federal and state income tax returns. We are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service IRS for tax years after 2018 and by state taxing authorities for tax years after 2017. While we are no longer subject to examination prior to those periods, carryforwards generated prior to those periods may still be adjusted upon examination by the IRS or state taxing authorities if they either have been or will be used in a subsequent period. We believe we have adequately accrued for tax deficiencies or reductions in tax benefits, if any, that could result from the examination and all open audit years. 
 In March 2020, the U.S. enacted the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act that provided tax relief to individuals and businesses affected by the coronavirus pandemic. We considered the provisions of the CARES Act and determined they do not have a material impact on our overall income taxes. We utilized the option to defer payment of the employer portion of payroll taxes (Social Security) that would otherwise be required to be made during the period beginning March 27, 2020 to December 31, 2020. As such, as of December 31, 2020, we deferred payment of income tax deductions related to payroll taxes of million and recorded the related deferred tax asset of million, which was included as part of the net deferred income taxes on the consolidated balance sheet. We were required to and made the payments for 50 of the deferred payroll taxes by December 31, 2021. We were required to and made the payments for the remaining 50 of the deferred payroll taxes by December 31, 2022. 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 TCJA ), which was signed into U.S. law in December 2017, eliminated the option to immediately deduct research and development expenditures in the year incurred under Section 174 effective January 1, 2022. The amended provision under Section 174 requires us to capitalize and amortize these expenditures over five years (for U.S.-based research). As of December 31, 2022, we recorded an increase to income taxes payable of approximately million 
 77 

Table of Contents 

Note 15. 
 million during the fourth quarter 2021, which was subject to court approval. Thus, we recorded accrued liabilities of million as of December 31, 2021. During the second quarter of 2022, additional factual information was identified resulting in an increase in the amount of the tentative settlement to million. Therefore, we recorded an additional accrued liabilities of million for a total accrued liabilities amount of million as of the end of the second quarter of 2022 and remained unchanged as of December 31, 2022 as we were awaiting final court approval of this settlement. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we received final court approval and paid the million on January 17, 2023. 
 Structural Systems has been directed by California environmental agencies to investigate and take corrective action for groundwater contamination at our facilities located in El Mirage and Monrovia, California. Based on currently available information, we have established an accrual for its estimated liability for such investigation and corrective action of million as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, which is reflected in other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Structural Systems also faces liability as a potentially responsible party for hazardous waste disposed at landfills located in Casmalia and West Covina, California. Structural Systems and other companies and government entities have entered into consent decrees with respect to these landfills with the United States Environmental Protection Agency and/or California environmental agencies under which certain investigation, remediation and maintenance activities are being performed. Based on currently available information, we preliminarily estimate that the range of our future liabilities in connection with the landfill located in West Covina, California is between million and million. We have established an accrual for the estimated liability in connection with the West Covina landfill of million as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, which is reflected in other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Our ultimate liability in connection with these matters will depend upon a number of factors, including changes in existing laws and regulations, the design and cost of construction, operation and maintenance activities, and the allocation of liability among potentially responsible parties. 
 In June 2020, a fire severely damaged our performance center in Guaymas, Mexico, which is part of our Structural Systems segment. There were no injuries, however, property and equipment, inventories, and tooling in this leased facility were damaged. Our Guaymas performance center is comprised of buildings with an aggregate total of square feet. The loss of production from the Guaymas performance center is being absorbed by our other existing performance centers. A neighboring, non-related manufacturing facility, also suffered fire damage during the same time as the fire that severely damaged our Guaymas performance center. The cause of the fire is still undetermined and as such, there is no amount of loss that is probable and reasonably estimable at this time. 
 Our insurance covers damage, up to a capped amount, to the facility, equipment, unfinished inventory, and other assets at replacement cost, finished goods inventory at selling price, as well as business interruption, third party property damage, and recovery related expenses caused by the fire, less our per claim deductible. The anticipated insurance recoveries related to losses and incremental costs incurred are recognized when receipt is probable. The anticipated insurance recoveries in excess of net book value of the damaged operating assets and business interruption will not be recorded until all contingencies related to our claim have been resolved. During the year ended December 31, 2020, million of revenue and million of related cost of sales were reversed for revenue previously recognized using the over time method as the revenue recognition process for these items were deemed to be interrupted as a result of these inventory items being damaged. Also during the year ended December 31, 2020, we wrote off property and equipment and tooling with an aggregate total net book value of million and inventory on hand of million that were damaged by the fire. The related anticipated insurance recoveries were also presented within the same financial statement line item in the consolidated statements of income resulting in no net impact, with the anticipated insurance recoveries receivable included as part of other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received insurance recoveries in aggregate total of million for business 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 million for property and equipment and tooling damage and since the contingencies related to property and equipment and tooling were not deemed to be resolved, we did not recognize it as other income during the year ended December 31, 2022. Further, as of December 31, 2022, we have received million of general insurance recoveries, all during 2020. The timing of and the remaining amounts of insurance recoveries, including for business interruption, are not known at this time. 
 In the normal course of business, Ducommun and its subsidiaries are defendants in certain other litigation, claims and inquiries, including matters relating to environmental laws. In addition, Ducommun makes various commitments and incurs contingent liabilities in the ordinary course of business. While it is not feasible to predict the outcome of these matters, Ducommun does not presently expect that any sum it may be required to pay in connection with these matters would have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Note 16. 
 
 GD Lockheed Martin Northrop Raytheon Spirit Viasat Top ten customers (1) 
 
 (1) Includes Boeing, GD, Lockheed Martin, Northrop, Raytheon, and Spirit for 2022, 2021, and 2020, and Viasat for 2022 and 2021. 
 Boeing, GD, Lockheed Martin, Northrop, Raytheon, Spirit, and Viasat represented the following percentages of total accounts receivable: December 31, 2022 2021 Boeing GD Lockheed Martin Northrop Raytheon Spirit Viasat 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, net revenues from foreign customers based on the location of the customer were million, million and million, respectively. No net revenues from a foreign country were greater than of total net revenues in 2022, 2021, and 2020. We have manufacturing facilities in Thailand and Mexico. Our net revenues, profitability and identifiable long-lived assets attributable to foreign revenues activity were not material compared to our net revenues, 
 79 

Table of Contents 

Note 17. 
 strategic businesses, Electronic Systems and Structural Systems, each of which is an operating segment as well as a reportable segment. 
 Structural Systems Total Net Revenues Segment Operating Income (Loss) (1) 
 Electronic Systems Structural Systems Corporate General and Administrative Expenses (2) 
 ) ) ) Operating Income Depreciation and Amortization Expenses Electronic Systems Structural Systems Corporate Administration Total Depreciation and Amortization Expenses Capital Expenditures Electronic Systems Structural Systems Corporate Administration Total Capital Expenditures 
 (1) The results for 2021 include MagSeal s results of operations which have been included in our consolidated statements of income since the date of acquisition as part of the Structural Systems segment. See Note 2. 
 (2) Includes costs not allocated to either the Electronic Systems or Structural Systems operating segments. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Structural Systems Corporate Administration Total Assets Goodwill and Intangibles Electronic Systems Structural Systems Total Goodwill and Intangibles 
 In December 2021, we acquired of the outstanding equity interests of MagSeal for an original purchase price of million, net of cash acquired. We allocated the final gross purchase price of million to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the aggregate fair values of the net assets was recorded as goodwill. See Note 2. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 DUCOMMUN INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ) Valuation Allowance on Deferred Tax Assets ) 2021 Allowance for Credit Losses Valuation Allowance on Deferred Tax Assets ) 2020 Allowance for Credit Losses Valuation Allowance on Deferred Tax Assets ) 
 (1) Includes opening balance of Nobles Worldwide, Inc. acquired in October 2019. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 Exhibit 
 No. Description 
 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 11, 2017, among Ducommun LaBarge Technologies, Inc., LS Holdings Company LLC, and DLS Company LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 11, 2017. 
 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 8, 2019, among Ducommun LaBarge Technologies, Inc., DLT Acquisition, Inc., Nobles Parent Inc., and the Stockholder Representative. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed on October 9, 2019. 
 2.3 Equity Purchase Agreement dated December 15, 2021, by and between Ducommun LaBarge Technologies, Inc., Mag Parent, Inc. and Thomas B. Colby and Lyman J. Colby. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2021. 
 2.4 Agreement of Purchase and Sale and Agreement to Enter into Lease dated as of December 16, 2021 by and among Ducommun Aerostructures, Inc. and Centerpoint 268 Gardena LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2021. 
 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on May 29, 1990. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1990. 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on May 27, 1998. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998. 
 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Ducommun Incorporated, dated as of November 4, 2022. 
 4.1 Description of Ducommun Incorporated Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. 
 10.1 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement entered into on March 20, 2020. 
 10.2 Incremental Term Loan Lender Joinder Agreement and Additional Credit Extension Amendment, dated as of December 20, 2019, by and among Ducommun Incorporated, as Borrower, the subsidiaries of the Borrower party thereto, as Guarantors, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and an L.C. Issuer, and the lender party thereto. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2019. 
 10.3 Credit Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2018, among Ducommun Incorporated, certain of its subsidiaries, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swingline lender and issuing bank, and other lenders party thereto. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on November 26, 2018. 
 10.4 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated May 2, 2018). Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14a, filed on March 23, 2018. 
 10.5 2020 Employee Stock Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14a, filed on March 20, 2020. 
 10.6 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Incorporated by reference to Appendix B of Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14a, filed on March 23, 2018. 
 10.7 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14a, filed on March 20, 2020. 
 10.8 Form of Stock Option Agreement for 2016 and earlier. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. 
 10.9 Form of Stock Option Agreement for 2017. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
 10.10 Form of Stock Option Agreement for 2018 and after. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to Form S-8, filed on May 10, 2018. 
 10.11 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for 2017 through 2019. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
 10.12 Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement dated January 23, 2017 between Ducommun Incorporated and Stephen G. Oswald. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 No. Description 
 10.13 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement for 2020 and after. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Form 10-Q for the period ended June 27, 2020. 
 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan Participants for 2020 and after. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Form 10-Q for the period ended June 27, 2020. 
 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for 2020 and after. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Form 10-Q for the period ended June 27, 2020. 
 10.16 Form of Stock Option Agreement for 2020 and after. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-Q for the period ended June 27, 2020. 
 10.17 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Form 10-Q for the period ended June 27, 2020. 
 10.18 Form of Performance Stock Unit Cash-Based Long-Term Incentive Award Agreement for 2022 and after. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2022. 
 10.19 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Cash-Based Long-Term Incentive Award Agreement for 2022 and after. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2022. 
 10.20 Directors Deferred Compensation and Retirement Plan, as amended and restated February 2, 2010. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 10.21 Non Qualified Deferred Compensation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Form S-8 dated November 26, 2019. 
 10.22 Key Executive Severance Agreement between Ducommun Incorporated and Stephen G. Oswald dated January 23, 2017. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K dated January 27, 2017. 
 10.23 Form of Key Executive Severance Agreement between Ducommun Incorporated and each of the individuals listed below. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Form 8-K dated January 27, 2017. All of the Key Executive Severance Agreements are identical except for the name of the person, the address for notice, and the date of the Agreement: 
 Executive Officer Date of Agreement Laureen S. Gonzalez September 20, 2022 Jerry L. Redondo January 23, 2017 Rajiv A. Tata January 24, 2020 Christopher D. Wampler January 23, 2017 
 10.24 Employment Letter Agreement dated January 3, 2017 between Ducommun Incorporated and Stephen G. Oswald. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K dated January 9, 2017. 
 10.25 Retirement and Release Agreement dated November 29, 2021 between Ducommun Incorporated and Rosalie F. Rogers. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 No. Description 
 10.26 Form of Indemnity Agreement entered with all directors and officers of Ducommun. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1990. All of the Indemnity Agreements are identical except for the name of the director or officer and the date of the Agreement: 
 Director/Officer Date of Agreement Richard A. Baldridge March 19, 2013 Shirley G. Drazba October 18, 2018 Robert C. Ducommun December 31, 1985 Dean M. Flatt November 5, 2009 Laureen S. Gonzalez September 20, 2022 Jay L. Haberland February 2, 2009 Sheila G. Kramer June 1, 2021 Stephen G. Oswald January 23, 2017 Jerry L. Redondo October 1, 2015 Samara A. Strycker December 30, 2021 Rajiv A. Tata January 24, 2020 Christopher D. Wampler January 1, 2016 
 21 Subsidiaries of the registrant. 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 
 32 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL 
 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ___________________ 
 Indicates an executive compensation plan or arrangement. 
 
 85 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 DUCOMMUN INCORPORATED Date: February 16, 2023 By: /s/ Stephen G. Oswald Stephen G. Oswald Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been duly signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 16, 2023. 
 Signature Title /s/ Stephen G. Oswald Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Stephen G. Oswald (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Christopher D. Wampler Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and Treasurer Christopher D. Wampler (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Richard A. Baldridge Director Richard A. Baldridge /s/ Shirley G. Drazba Director Shirley G. Drazba /s/ Robert C. Ducommun Director Robert C. Ducommun /s/ Dean M. Flatt Director Dean M. Flatt /s/ Jay L. Haberland Director Jay L. Haberland /s/ Sheila G. Kramer Director Sheila G. Kramer /s/ Samara A. Strycker Director Samara A. Strycker 

<EX-3.3>
 2
 dco10-k2022_ex3x3xbylaws.htm
 EX-3.3

Document 

Exhibit 3.3 
 As of November 4, 2022 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF DUCOMMUN INCORPORATED 
 Ducommun Incorporated (the Corporation ), pursuant to the provisions of Section 109 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, hereby adopts these Amended and Restated Bylaws, which restate, amend and supersede the Bylaws of the Corporation, as previously amended, in their entirety as described below 
 ARTICLE I OFFICES 
 Section 1. Registered Office . The Registered Office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware shall be at 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, in the City of Wilmington 19808, County of New Castle, and the name of the Registered Agent in charge thereof shall be Corporation Service Company. 
 Section 2. Principal Office . The principal office for the transaction of business of the Corporation shall be 200 Sandpointe Avenue, Suite 700, in the City of Santa Ana, County of Orange, State of California. The Board of Directors has full power and authority to change said principal office from one location to another, whether within or outside said City, County or State, by amendment of this Section 2. 
 Section 3. Other Offices . The Corporation may also have an office or offices at such other place or places, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine as the business of the Corporation may require. 
 ARTICLE II STOCKHOLDERS 
 Section 1. Annual Meetings . The Annual Meeting of Stockholders shall be held each year on such day, other than a legal holiday, and at such time and place, or by virtual platform, as may be designated by the Board of Directors and stated in the notice of the meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice thereof, for the purpose of electing Directors and for the transaction of such other business as may be brought before the meeting. If such annual meeting is not held, or the Directors are not elected thereat, Directors may be elected at a special meeting held for that purpose, and it shall be the duty of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Executive Vice President, any Senior Vice President, any Vice President or the Secretary, upon the demand of any stockholder entitled to vote, to call such special meeting. 
 Section 2. Special Meetings . Special meetings of the stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Board of Directors or by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors. 
 Section 3. Notice of Meetings . Except as otherwise required by law, notice of meetings of stockholders, annual or special, shall be given to stockholders entitled to vote thereat by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or other person charged with that duty not less than ten 

(10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of any such meeting. Such notice may be printed, typewritten, or in handwriting, and may be given to any stockholder either personally or by sending a copy of the notice through the mail, or by telegram, charges prepaid, to his address appearing on the books of the Corporation or supplied by him to the Corporation for the purpose of notice. Except as otherwise expressly required by law, no publication of any notice of a meeting of the stockholders shall be required. Every notice of a meeting of the stockholders shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting, and in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. 
 Section 4. Place of Meetings . All meetings of the stockholders shall be held at the principal office of the Corporation in the State of California or at such other place within or without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate. 
 Section 5. Quorum . A quorum at any meeting of the stockholders shall consist of stockholders holding a majority of the voting power of the shares of this Corporation outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, represented either in person or by proxy, except as otherwise specifically provided by law or in the Certificate of Incorporation. In the absence of a quorum, any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned from time to time by the vote of a majority of the voting stock, the holders of which are either present in person or represented by proxy thereat. The stockholders present at a meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to do business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. 
 Section 6. Adjournments . When a meeting is adjourned for thirty (30) days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given as in the case of the original meeting, but when a meeting is adjourned for less than thirty (30) days it is not necessary to give any notice of the time and place of the adjourned meeting or of the business to be transacted thereat other than by announcement at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed. 
 Section 7. Organization . The Chairman of the Board of Directors, or, in his absence, the Chief Executive Officer, or in the absence of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Executive Vice President, a Senior Vice President or a Vice President shall call meetings of stockholders to order, and shall act as Chairman of such meetings. In the absence of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Executive Vice President, any Senior Vice President and the Vice Presidents, the stockholders shall appoint a Chairman for such meeting. The Secretary of the Corporation shall act as Secretary at all meetings of the stockholders, but in the absence of the Secretary at any meeting of the stockholders, the presiding officer may appoint any person to act as Secretary of the meeting. 
 Section 8. Voting . 
 (a) Each stockholder shall, at each meeting of the stockholders, be entitled to vote in person or by proxy each share or fractional share of the stock of the Corporation having voting rights on the matter in question and which shall have been held by him and registered in his name on the books of the Corporation 
 (i) on the date fixed pursuant to Article II, Section 11 of these Bylaws as the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting, or 

(ii) if no such record date shall have been so fixed, then (a) at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice of the meeting shall be given, or (b) if notice of the meeting shall be waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting shall be held. 
 (b) Shares of its own stock belonging to the Corporation shall not be entitled to vote. Persons holding in a fiduciary capacity stock of the Corporation shall be entitled to vote such stock so held. A person whose stock is pledged shall be entitled to vote such stock, unless in the transfer by the pledger on the books of the Corporation he shall have expressly empowered the pledgee to vote thereon, in which case only the pledgee, or his proxy, may represent such stock and vote thereon. Stock having voting power standing of record in the names of two or more persons, whether fiduciaries, members of a partnership, joint tenants, tenants in common, tenants by the entirety or otherwise, or with respect to which two or more persons have the same fiduciary relationship, shall be voted in accordance with the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
 (c) Any such voting rights may be exercised by the stockholder entitled thereto in person or by his proxy appointed by an instrument in writing or by a transmission permitted by law, including Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), subscribed by such stockholder or by his attorney thereunto authorized and delivered to the Secretary of the meeting provided, however, that no proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date unless said proxy shall provide for a longer period. The attendance at any meeting of a stockholder who may theretofore have given a proxy shall not have the effect of revoking the same unless he shall in writing so notify the Secretary of the meeting prior to the voting of the proxy. At any meeting of the stockholders all matters other than the election of Directors, except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws or by law, shall be decided by the vote of majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereat and thereon, a quorum being present. The vote at any meeting of the stockholders on any question need not be by ballot, unless so directed by the Chairman of the meeting. On a vote by ballot each ballot shall be signed by the stockholder voting, or by his proxy, if there be such proxy, and it shall state the number of shares voted. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the holders of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote for the election of such Directors. 
 Section 9. Inspectors of Election . In advance of any meeting of stockholders, the Board of Directors may appoint inspectors of election to act at such meeting or any adjournment thereof. If inspectors of election be not so appointed, the Chairman of any such meeting may make such appointment at the meeting. The number of inspectors shall be either one or three. 
 Section 10. Consent of Absentees . The transactions of any meeting of stockholders, either annual or special, however called and noticed, shall be as valid as though had at a meeting duly held after regular call and notice, if a quorum be present either in person or by proxy, and if, either before or after the meeting, each of the stockholders entitled to vote, not present in person or by proxy, signs a written waiver of notice. All such waivers shall be filed with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting. Attendance of a person at a meeting of stockholders shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the stockholder attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 

Section 11. Record Date and Closing Stock Books . The Board of Directors may fix a record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at any meeting of stockholders, or for the determination of the stockholders entitled to receive any dividend or distribution or any allotment of rights, or to exercise rights in respect to any change, conversion or exchange of shares. The record date so fixed shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of any such meeting, nor more than sixty (60) days prior to any other action. When a record date is so fixed, only stockholders who are such of record on that date are entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting or to receive the dividend, distribution, or allotment of rights, or to exercise the rights, as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of any shares on the books of the Corporation after the record date. The Board of Directors may close the books of the Corporation against transfers of shares during the whole or any part of a period not more than sixty (60) days prior to the date of a stockholders meeting, the date when the right to any dividend, distribution, or allotment of rights vests, or the effective date of any change, conversion or exchange of shares. A determination of stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of such meeting provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
 Section 12. Conduct of Meetings . The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall have complete authority to establish rules of conduct governing all meetings of stockholders. These rules may include, but shall not be limited to, rules related to attendance, questions from the audience and similar matters. Notwithstanding the above, the nomination at any meeting of stockholders of any person to serve as a Director shall not be valid unless (i) the nomination of such person has been approved by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, or (ii) notice of the nomination of such person has been delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation in full compliance with the procedures set forth in Article II, Section 13 hereof. 
 Section 13. Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations . 
 (a) To be properly brought before the annual meeting of stockholders, business must be either (i) specified in the notice of annual meeting (or any supplement or amendment thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (ii) otherwise brought before the annual meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (iii) brought before the meeting in accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, or (iv) otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting by a stockholder of record of the Corporation at the time the notice provided for in this Section 13(b) is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation, who is entitled to vote at the annual meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 13(b). No business (including nominations) shall be conducted at the annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Article II, Section 13. The officer of the Corporation presiding at an annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the annual meeting that business (including nominations) was not properly brought before the annual meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Article II, Section 13, and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the annual meeting and any such business (including nominations) not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. 
 (b) For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iv) of Section 13(a), the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation and any such nominations or proposed business must constitute a proper matter for stockholder action. To be timely, a stockholder s notice must be delivered to, or mailed to and received by, the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day nor earlier than the close of business 

on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting (provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty five (35) days before or more than seventy (70) days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the date of such annual meeting or, if the first public announcement of the date of such advanced or delayed annual meeting is less than one hundred (100) days prior to the date of such annual meeting, the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation). In no event shall the adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. Such stockholder s notice shall (i) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director, set forth (1) all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act (and such person s written consent to being named in the proxy statement and accompanying proxy card as a nominee and affirmation of such person s intent to serve as a director for the full term if elected) and (2) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings during the past three years, and any other material relationships, between or among such stockholder or beneficial owner, if any, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee, and his or her respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the other hand, including, without limitation, all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 404 promulgated under Regulation S-K if the stockholder making the nomination and any beneficial owner, if any, were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant (ii) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, set forth (1) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the Bylaws of the Corporation, the language of the proposed amendment), the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made and (2) a description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings between such stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder (iii) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made, set forth (1) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation s books, and of such beneficial owner, (2) the class and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, (3) a representation (I) that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business or nomination and (II) whether the stockholder or such beneficial owner, if any, intends or is part of a group which intends (x) to deliver a proxy statement and or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation s outstanding capital stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or elect the nominee and or (y) otherwise to solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such proposal or nomination, (4) any derivative positions held or beneficially held, directly or indirectly, by or on behalf of such stockholder or beneficial owner and whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position, profit interest, option or any borrowing or lending of shares) has been 

made, directly or indirectly, by or on behalf of such stockholder or beneficial owner, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to or manage or share risk or benefit of changes in the value or price of shares of the capital stock of the Corporation for, or to increase or decrease the voting power or economic interest of, such stockholder or any such beneficial owner with respect to any share of capital stock of the Corporation, (5) a description of any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship pursuant to which such stockholder or any such beneficial owner has a right to vote any shares of capital stock of the Corporation or influence the voting over any such shares (6) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially, directly or indirectly, by such stockholder or any such beneficial owner that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of capital stock of the Corporation (7) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that such stockholder or any such beneficial owner is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of capital stock of the Corporation or any derivative position and (8) to the extent known by such stockholder or beneficial owner giving the notice, the name and address of any other stockholder or beneficial owner supporting the nomination or proposal of other business on the date of such stockholder s or beneficial owner s notice, if any, as of the date of such notice, including without limitation any such interests referred to in the foregoing clauses (1) through (8) held by members of such stockholder s or any such beneficial owner s immediate family sharing the same household and (iv) with respect to each nominee for election as a director, include a completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement required by Section 13 of Article III of these Bylaws. The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as it may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation, including any information that could be material to a reasonable stockholder s understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee. 
 (c) A stockholder providing notice of business proposed to be brought before a meeting, including with respect to nominations of directors, shall, in order for such notice to be considered timely, further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice under this Section 13 shall be true and correct as of the record date for the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the date of the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered in writing to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than ten (10) days after the record date for the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of the record date), and not later than eight (8) business days prior to the date for the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). 
 (d) In addition to the requirements of this Section 13 with respect to any nomination proposed to be made at a meeting, each stockholder providing notice as to nominations pursuant to this Section 13 shall comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act with respect to any such nominations. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 13, unless otherwise required by law, (i) no such stockholder shall solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Corporation s nominees unless such stockholder has complied with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act in connection with the solicitation of such proxies, including the provision to the Corporation of notices required thereunder in a timely manner and (ii) if such stockholder (1) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act and (2) subsequently fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) and Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act, including the 

provision to the Corporation of notices required thereunder in a timely manner, then the Corporation shall disregard any proxies or votes solicited for such stockholder s director nominees. Upon request by the Corporation, if any such stockholder provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, such stockholder shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than five (5) business days prior to the applicable meeting, reasonable evidence that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 (e) For purposes of these Bylaws, (i) public announcement shall include disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, (ii) beneficial owner shall mean, when used with respect to securities of the Corporation owned by any stockholder, (1) any beneficial owner of any securities of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder, including any of such person s associates or affiliates, (2) any person acting in concert (pursuant to any agreement, arrangement, understanding or otherwise, whether written or oral) with such stockholder or (3) any person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such stockholder and (iii) derivative position shall mean any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, swap or similar right or agreement, arrangement or understanding with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, or which is intended to increase or decrease (or has the effect of increasing or decreasing) the voting power of any person with respect to the shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument or right or agreement shall be subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of capital stock of the Corporation or otherwise. 
 ARTICLE III BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 Section 1(a). Powers . The corporate powers, business and property of this Corporation shall be exercised, conducted and controlled by a Board of Directors. In addition to the powers and authorities expressly conferred upon it by these Bylaws, the Board may exercise all such powers and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by these Bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. 
 Section 1(b). Minimum and Maximum Number . The authorized number of Directors of this Corporation shall not be less than six (6) nor more than nine (9) until changed by an amendment of this Bylaw the exact number of Directors shall be fixed, within the limits specified in this Section 1(b), from time to time solely by resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of Directors then authorized. 
 Section 2. Vacancies . In case of a vacancy in the Directors through death, resignation, disqualification, or other cause, the remaining Directors, though less than a quorum, by affirmative vote of a majority thereof, or the sole remaining Director, may elect a successor or successors to hold office for the unexpired portion of the term of the Director whose place shall be vacant, and until the election of his successor. 
 Section 3. Place of Meeting . The Directors may hold their meetings and have an office and keep the books of the Corporation in such place or places within or without the State of Delaware as the Board may from time to time determine. 

Section 4(a). Regular Meetings . By resolution and notice thereof to all the Directors at the time in office, the Board of Directors may provide that regular meetings of said Board shall be held at stated intervals and at a place to be fixed in such resolution. In case such regular meetings are provided for, it shall not be necessary to give notice of any such meetings, or of the business to be transacted. A meeting of the Board of Directors may be held without notice immediately after the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 Section 4(b). Special Meetings . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, any two Vice Presidents, any two Directors, or by the sole remaining Director. Written notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be delivered personally to each Director or sent to each Director by email, mail or other form of written communication, charges prepaid, addressed at his business address or his residence address, as either may be shown upon the records of the Corporation, or if not so shown, or not readily ascertainable, at the principal office of the Corporation. In case such notice is delivered personally it shall be delivered at least twenty-four hours prior to the time of the holding of the meeting. In case such notice is sent by telegram, facsimile or e-mail, it shall be transmitted at least twenty-four hours prior to the time of the holding of the meeting. In case such notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least sixty hours prior to the time of the holding of the meeting. Except where otherwise required by law or by these Bylaws, notice of the purpose of a special meeting need not be given. Notice of any meeting of the Board of Directors shall not be required to be given to any Director who shall have waived such notice and such notice shall be deemed to have been waived by any Director who is present at such meeting. 
 Section 5. Quorum . A majority of the authorized number of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, but if at any meeting of the Board there shall be less than a quorum present, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting from time to time. Every act or decision done or made by a majority of the Directors present at a meeting duly held at which a quorum is present shall be regarded as the act of the Board of Directors, unless a greater number be required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 Section 6. Action Without Meeting . Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board shall individually or collectively consent in writing to such action and such written consent or consents shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board. Such action by written consent shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote of the Directors. 
 Section 7. Compensation of Directors . Unless otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors shall have authority to fix the compensation of Directors. Directors may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a stated compensation for serving as Directors. Directors may also be paid their expenses, if any, for attending each meeting of the Board of Directors. No payments to Directors shall preclude any Director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. 
 Section 8. Lead Director . The Board of Directors may elect a Lead Director to preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors at which the Chairman of the Board is not present and to perform such other duties and responsibilities as the Board of Directors may determine. 
 Section 9. Presiding Officers . At all meetings of the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or, in his absence, the Lead Director of the Corporation, or in the absence of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Lead Director, a Chairman chosen by the Directors present shall preside. 

Section 10. Election of Officers . At the first meeting of the Board of Directors each year (at which a quorum shall be present) held next after the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the Board of Directors shall proceed to the election of the Officers of the Corporation. 
 Section 11. Committees of the Board of Directors . The Board of Directors may by resolution appoint an Executive Committee and other committees. Such Executive Committee and other committees shall be composed of two or more members of this Board of Directors and shall have such powers as may be expressly delegated to them by resolution of the Board of Directors, except that no such committee shall have the power to amend the Certificate of Incorporation, to adopt an agreement of merger or consolidation, to recommend to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporation s property and assets, to recommend to the stockholders the dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws. The Executive Committee, if there shall be one, shall have the right and authority to declare dividends. The Board of Directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of members of the committees for attending committee meetings. 
 Section 12. Advisory Directors . The Board of Directors may elect one or more Advisory Directors who shall have such powers and perform such duties as the Directors shall assign to them. Advisory Directors shall, upon election, serve until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Advisory Directors shall receive notice of all meetings of the Board of Directors in the same manner and at the same time as the Directors. They shall attend such meetings in an advisory capacity, but shall not cast a vote or be counted to determine a quorum. Any Advisory Director may be removed, either with or without cause, by a majority of the Directors. The Advisory Directors shall not receive any stated compensation for their services as Advisory Directors, but by resolution of the Board of Directors a fixed fee and expenses of attendance may be allowed for attendance at each meeting. Nothing herein shall be construed to preclude any Advisory Director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity as an officer, agent or otherwise, and receiving compensation therefor. 
 Section 13. Director Qualifications . To be eligible to be a nominee for election or reelection as a Director of the Corporation, the prospective nominee (whether nominated by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or by a stockholder), or someone acting on such prospective nominee s behalf, must deliver (in the case of nominees proposed by a stockholder, in accordance with any applicable time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under Section 13 of Article II of these Bylaws) to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, a written questionnaire with respect to the background and qualification of such person and the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made (which questionnaire shall be in the form provided by the Corporation, which form shall be provided by the Secretary upon written request). The prospective nominee must also provide a written representation and agreement (which written representation and agreement shall be in the form provided by the Corporation, which form shall be provided by the Secretary upon written request) that such prospective nominee (i) is not and will not become a party to (1) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such prospective nominee, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or (2) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such prospective nominee s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such prospective nominee s fiduciary duties under applicable law (ii) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a Director that has not been disclosed therein and (iii) in such person s individual capacity and on behalf of any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is being made, would be in compliance if elected as a Director of 

the Corporation, and will comply with all applicable corporate governance, code of business conduct and ethics, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Corporation. Directors need not be stockholders. For purposes of this Section 13, a nominee shall include any person being considered to fill a vacancy on the Board of Directors. 
 ARTICLE IV OFFICERS 
 Section 1. Officers . The Officers of the Corporation shall be a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Secretary and a Treasurer, who shall be elected by the Directors at their first meeting after the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and who shall hold office until their successors are elected and qualify. The Board of Directors may also elect at its discretion a Chairman of the Board (who may or may not be an officer), one or more Executive Vice Presidents, one or more Senior Vice Presidents, one or more Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries, one or more Assistant Treasurers, and such other Officers as the business of the Corporation may require. The Chairman of the Board, if there shall be such an officer, and the Chief Executive Officer must be members of the Board of Directors. So far as is permitted by law any two or more offices may be held by the same person. 
 Section 2(a) Chairman of the Board . The Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there shall be such an officer, shall preside at meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors, and shall perform such other duties, in major policy areas or otherwise, consistent with his office, as may be assigned to him by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 2(b). Vice Chairman of the Board . The Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there shall be such an officer, shall, during any period when so requested by the Chairman of the Board of Directors or during the absence of the Chairman of the Board of Directors or his inability to act, have the powers and perform the duties of the Chairman. The Vice Chairman shall perform such other duties consistent with his office as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 3. Chief Executive Officer . The Chief Executive Officer shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation. Subject to the control of the Board of Directors, he shall have general executive powers concerning, and active management and supervision over, the property, business and affairs of the Corporation and its several officers. He shall have the powers and shall perform the duties usually incident to the office of Chief Executive Officer and, during any period when so requested by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or during the absence of the Chairman and the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors or the inability of both to act, shall also have the powers and perform the duties of the Chairman of the Board of Directors. The Chief Executive Officer shall perform such other duties consistent with his office as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 4. President . The President shall be the chief operating officer of the Corporation. The President shall exercise general supervision over and have executive control of the operations of the Corporation s business and shall have such powers as may be assigned to him from time to time by the Board of Directors. He shall exercise the functions of the Chief Executive Officer during the absence or disability of the Chief Executive Officer. 
 Section 5(a) Executive Vice President . The Executive Vice President(s), if there shall be such an officer, shall, subject to such powers as shall be assigned to him from time to time by the Board of Directors or by the President, have such managerial responsibility and authority and shall exercise such supervisory powers as shall be assigned to him from time to time by the 

Board of Directors or by the President. He shall exercise the functions of the President during the absence or disability of the President. 
 Section 5(b). Senior Vice President . The Senior Vice President(s) shall exercise general supervision over and have executive control of such departments of the Corporation s business and shall have such powers and discharge such duties as may be assigned to him from time to time by the Board of Directors. The Senior Vice President, as designated by the Board of Directors, shall exercise the functions of the President during the absence or disability of the President and the Executive Vice President. 
 Section 5(c). Vice Presidents . The Vice Presidents shall exercise general supervision over and have executive control of such departments of the Corporation s business and shall have such powers and discharge such duties as may be assigned to each of them from time to time by the Board of Directors. The Vice Presidents in order of their rank, or if not ranked, as designated by the Board of Directors, shall exercise the functions of the President during the absence or disability of the President, the Executive Vice President and the Senior Vice President. 
 Section 6. Secretary . The Secretary shall issue due notice to stockholders and Directors in accordance with these Bylaws and as required by law, shall record all the proceedings of the meetings of the stockholders and Directors in a book to be kept for that purpose, shall have charge of the corporate seal, shall keep or cause to be kept a share register of stockholders of the Corporation, and shall make such reports and perform such other duties as are incident to his office, or assigned to him by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 7. Assistant Secretary . The Assistant Secretaries shall, in the absence or disability of the Secretary, perform the duties and exercise the power of the Secretary. 
 Section 8. Treasurer . The Treasurer shall have the custody of all monies and securities of the Corporation and shall keep regular books of account. He shall disburse the funds of the Corporation in payment of the just demands against the Corporation, or as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the Board of Directors from time to time, as may be required of him, an account of all his transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation. 
 Section 9. Assistant Treasurer . The Assistant Treasurer shall, in the absence or disability of the Treasurer, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Treasurer. 
 Section 10. General Counse l. The General Counsel shall provide legal advice to the Corporation, render legal opinions as necessary in connection with the business of the Corporation, exercise general supervision over the legal affairs of the Corporation and perform such other duties as assigned to him by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 11. Duties . Except as otherwise provided in this Section, the said Officers shall have all the usual powers and shall perform all the usual duties incident to their respective offices and shall, in addition, perform such other duties as shall be assigned to them from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 12. Delegation of Duties . In the absence or disability of any Officer of the Corporation, the Board of Directors may, subject to the provisions of this Section, delegate his powers and duties to any other Executive Officer, or to any Director, during such absence or disability, and the person so delegated shall, for the time being, be the Officer whose powers and duties he so assumes. 

Section 13. Vacancies . A vacancy in any office existing at any time may be filled by the Directors at any regular or special meeting. 
 Section 14. Other Officers . The Board of Directors may appoint such other Officers and agents as it shall deem necessary or expedient, who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 15. Salaries . The salaries of all Officers of the Corporation shall be approved by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 16. Bonds . The Board of Directors may require any and all Officers, respectively, to give a bond for the faithful performance of their respective duties in such sum as said Board of Directors may determine, such bond to be executed by a reliable surety company, but the expense of obtaining the same shall be borne by the Corporation. 
 Section 17. Representation of Shares of Other Corporations . The Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Vice President and the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of this Corporation are authorized to vote, represent and exercise on behalf of this Corporation all rights incident to any and all shares of any other corporation or corporations standing in the name of this Corporation. The authority herein granted to said Officers to vote or represent on behalf of this Corporation any and all shares held by this Corporation in any other corporation or corporations may be exercised either by such Officers in person or by any person authorized so to do by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by said Officers. 
 Section 18. Removal of Officers . Any Officer may be removed at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors. 
 ARTICLE V CERTIFICATES OF STOCK 
 Section 1. Form and Execution of Certificate . The certificates of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be in such form as shall be approved by the Board of Directors. All certificates shall be signed by the Chief Executive Officer, the President or a Vice President, and by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer provided, however, that if any such certificate is countersigned by a transfer agent other than the Corporation or its employee, or by a registrar other than the Corporation or its employee, the signatures of such Chief Executive Officer, President or Vice President and of such Secretary or Assistant Secretary or Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer may be facsimiles. 
 Section 2. Certificates to be Entered . All certificates shall be consecutively numbered and the names in which they are issued, the number of shares and the date of issue shall be entered in the Corporation s books. 
 Section 3. Transfer of Shares . Shares shall be transferred only on the books of the Corporation by the holder thereof, in person or by his attorney, upon the surrender and cancellation of certificates for a like number of shares. 
 Section 4. Regulations . The Board of Directors shall have power and authority to make all such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates of stock, and may appoint a transfer agent or transfer agents and a registrar or registrars of transfers, and may require all stock certificates to bear the signature of any such transfer agent and registrar of transfers. 

ARTICLE VI SEAL 
 The Board of Directors shall provide a corporate seal, which shall be in the form of a circle and shall bear the name of the Corporation in words and figures showing that it was incorporated in the State of Delaware in the year 1970. 
 ARTICLE VII INDEMNIFICATION 
 Section 1. Indemnification of Directors and Officers . The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (including without limitation any action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a Director or Officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees) judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, that he had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. The right of indemnity provided herein shall not be exclusive, and the Corporation may provide indemnification to any person, by agreement or otherwise, on such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may approve. Any agreement for indemnification of any Director, Officer, employee or other person may provide indemnification rights which are broader or otherwise different from those set forth herein. 
 Section 2. Insurance . The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a Director, Officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article VII. 
 ARTICLE VIII FISCAL YEAR 
 The fiscal year of the Corporation shall commence on January 1, and end on December 31 of each year. 

ARTICLE IX AMENDMENTS 
 These Bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed by the vote of stockholders as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation. Subject to the right of stockholders to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws, Bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed by the Board of Directors. 

</EX-3.3>

<EX-21>
 3
 dco10-k2022_ex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 Following is a list of the subsidiaries of the Company (1) 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Certified Thermoplastics Co., LLC 
 Delaware CMP Display Systems, Inc. (2) 
 California Composite Structures, LLC Delaware Ducommun AeroStructures, Inc. Delaware Ducommun AeroStructures Mexico, LLC Delaware Ducommun AeroStructures New York, Inc. New York Ducommun (England) LTD England Ducommun LaBarge Technologies, Inc. Arizona Ducommun LaBarge Technologies, Inc. Delaware Ducommun Technologies (Thailand) Co., Ltd. Thailand LaBarge Acquisition Company, Inc. Missouri LaBarge STC, Inc. (2) 
 Texas Lightning Diversion Systems, LLC Delaware LS Holdings Company, LLC Delaware Magnetic Seal LLC Delaware Nobles Holdings Inc. Delaware Nobles Parent Inc. Delaware Nobles Worldwide, Inc. Minnesota 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Inactive. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 dco10-k2022_ex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-268218) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-264389, 333-238040, 333-235278, 333-224838, 333-214408, and 333-188460) of Ducommun Incorporated of our report dated February 16, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Irvine, California February 16, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 dco10-k2022_ex31x1.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Stephen G. Oswald, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report of Ducommun Incorporated (the registrant on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f), and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 16, 2023 
 s Stephen G. Oswald Stephen G. Oswald Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 dco10-k2022_ex31x2.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Christopher D. Wampler, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report of Ducommun Incorporated (the registrant on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 16, 2023 
 s Christopher D. Wampler Christopher D. Wampler Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 dco10-k2022_ex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Ducommun Incorporated (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stephen G. Oswald, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. By s Stephen G. Oswald Stephen G. Oswald Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer February 16, 2023 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Ducommun Incorporated (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christopher D. Wampler, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and Treasurer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. By s Christopher D. Wampler Christopher D. Wampler Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and Treasurer February 16, 2023 
 
 The foregoing certification is accompanying the Form 10-K solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 dco-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 dco-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 dco-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 dco-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 dco-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

