<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_1411906_0001558370-23-004723.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8512285</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>160694</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1170913</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2928673</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1490418</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2543077</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-004723.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327164144
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-004723
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001411906
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				260179592
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35182
		FILM NUMBER:		23765021

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		373 INVERNESS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-437-6500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		373 INVERNESS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Chay Enterprises, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070910

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-004723.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 ampe-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File Number 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was million based on the closing price of 0.1680 (pre-reverse stock split) as of that date. As of March 22, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share were outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders 2023 Proxy Statement ), to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act within 120 days of our year end of December 31, 2022. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART I Item 1 BUSINESS 5 Item 1A RISK FACTORS 7 Item 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 13 Item 2 PROPERTIES 14 Item 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 14 Item 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 16 PART II Item 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 17 Item 6 RESERVED 17 Item 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 17 Item 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 23 Item 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 23 Item 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 23 Item 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 23 Item 9B OTHER INFORMATION 24 Item 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 24 PART III Item 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 24 Item 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 25 Item 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 25 Item 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 25 Item 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 25 PART IV Item 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 25 Item 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 27 SIGNATURES 28 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report refers to trademarks, such as Ampio and Ampion , which are protected under applicable intellectual property laws and are our property. This Form 10-K also contains trademarks, service marks, copyrights and trade names of other companies which are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, our trademarks and tradenames referred to in this Form 10-K may appear without the or symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate in any way that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights to such trademarks and tradenames. Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Form 10-K to the Company, Ampio, we, us, or our relate to Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K, or Annual Report, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We may also make forward-looking statements in other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), in materials delivered to stockholders and in press releases. In addition, the Company s representatives may from time to time make oral forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report, including statements regarding our anticipated future clinical developments, future financial position, and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as may , will , should , forecast , could , expect , suggest , believe , estimate , continue , anticipate , intend , ongoing , opportunity , potential , predicts , seek , plan, or similar words, or the negatives of such terms or other variations on such terms or comparable terminology, typically identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements relating to the following: projected operating or financial results, including anticipated cash flows used in operations or the effect of any actions we may take to reduce expenses and preserve cash; potential outcomes of preclinical trials for AR-300, any future capital expenditures, research and development expenses and other payments relating to AR-300 and any capital raising activities to fund AR-300 research and development related expenses; our strategic alternatives process, including any potential interested counterparty, transaction structure, timing and transaction expense associated with any strategic alternative and the potential success of any strategic alternative; the expense, time or outcome of any legal proceeding; and our ability to identify strategic partners for Ampion or any other potential product and enter into beneficial license, co-development, collaboration or similar arrangements. 
 We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements for any reason, except as otherwise required by law. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events and trends that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual future results and trends may differ materially from historical results or those reflected in any such forward-looking statements depending on a variety of factors. Important information as to these factors can be found in this Annual Report, including, among others, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the headings of Overview, Liquidity and Capital Resources and annually in Critical Accounting Policies, Estimates and Judgments. Discussion of these factors is incorporated by reference from Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, of this Annual Report, and should be considered an integral part of Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. For additional information concerning factors that may cause actual results to vary materially from those stated in the forward-looking statements, see our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filed with the SEC from time to time. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. PART I Item 1. Business. Overview We are a pre-revenue stage biopharmaceutical company. Until May 2022 we were focused on the clinical development of Ampion and preclinical development of AR-300, a novel, proprietary, small molecule formulation that has (i) demonstrated anti-inflammatory properties in vitro and (ii) protection of cartilage in preclinical rat meniscal tear studies. Subsequently, we have shifted nearly all of our focus towards the preclinical development of AR-300 and we are currently conducting studies to evaluate the efficacy of AR-300 in osteoarthritis-related pain. If the preclinical data is compelling, we would plan to initially target clinical development of AR-300 for the treatment of osteoarthritis of the knee (OAK). Osteoarthritis is widely regarded as being typified by cartilage loss. Substances that protect articular cartilage during the course of osteoarthritis have been termed chondroprotective. Clinical demonstration of cartilage protection and pain management in the knee could position AR-300 for administration early in the current OAK treatment paradigm which we believe is a potentially large and attractive market opportunity. The development of AR-300 to date has been based, in part, on our extensive drug discovery and clinical development experience obtained during the development of Ampion for the treatment of OAK. It is important to note, however, that AR-300 is not Ampion, rather it is a novel and unique formulation in preclinical development. We currently expect to have preclinical pain and chondroprotection results for AR-300 in the first half of 2023. In addition, and given the overall risks associated with preclinical drug development, we continue to opportunistically identify and evaluate strategic opportunities that would allow us to acquire or license later stage assets and/or merge with companies that have those assets as part of the strategic alternatives process that we announced in May 2022. In 2022, we evaluated more than a dozen potential strategic alternatives with the assistance of our legal, clinical and regulatory, and financial advisors consistent with our strategic alternatives process. On November 9, 2022, the Company effected a 15-to-1 reverse stock split. The Company has retroactively applied the reverse stock split made effective on November 9, 2022 to share and per share amounts in the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Additionally, pursuant to their terms, a proportionate adjustment was made to the per share exercise price and number of shares issuable under all of the Company s outstanding options and warrants, and the number of shares authorized for issuance pursuant to the Company s equity incentive plans have been reduced proportionately, with any fractional shares rounded up to the next whole share. The Company also retroactively applied such adjustments in the notes to the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The reverse stock split did not reduce the number of authorized shares of common stock and preferred stock and did not alter the par value. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Government Regulation FDA Approval Process If Ampio determines that pain and chondroprotection data from the AR-300 preclinical studies justify moving forward with the clinical development of AR-300, it is our intent to approach FDA in INTERACT (Initial Targeted Engagement for Regulatory Advice) and pre-IND meeting later in 2023 to discuss the development plan for the drug, which we believe will be regulated as a small molecule formulation, and will require additional, IND-enabling preclinical studies, a Phase 1 safety study, at least one Phase 2 proof of efficacy study, and likely two randomized, controlled Phase 3 studies. Based on current input from our clinical and regulatory advisor, we believe this regulatory process could comprise five-to-seven years and require an incremental investment over and above Ampio s general operating expense during that period. Intellectual Property Summary We will be able to protect our proprietary intellectual property rights from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that such rights are covered by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. We seek to protect our trade secrets and proprietary know-how through confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements and other controls over confidential information. If we do not adequately protect our trade secrets and proprietary know-how, our competitive position and business prospects could be materially harmed. The following describes our patents and patent applications relating to AR-300 and Ampion . AR-300 We own a number of United States provisional patent applications covering AR-300, as well as its uses, formulations, and manufacturing processes. We expect that these provisional patent applications, which are the patent rights we consider most significant in relation to our business as a whole, will be consolidated and filed as a single PCT (Patent Cooperation Treaty) application in the second quarter of 2023. One or more national phase applications will be filed from this PCT application approximately eighteen (18) months later, in the third quarter of 2024. Because we are currently focused on the preclinical development of AR-300, we anticipate filing additional patent applications in the future, covering new discoveries, formulations and/or research advancements in or relating to AR-300, as we determine appropriate. Patents covering AR-300 may extend for varying periods according to the date of patent filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protection is obtained. Generally speaking, patents to issue from the above-mentioned PCT application will exist for a period of twenty years from the filing date of the PCT application, or until the second quarter of 2043. The scope of protection afforded by a patent can also vary from country to country and depends on the patent type, the scope of its patent claims and the availability of legal remedies. Patent term extensions (PTE) may be available in some countries to compensate for a loss of patent term due to delay in a product s approval due to the regulatory requirements. Reliable patent protection and enforcement around the world are among the key factors we consider for continued business and R D investment. The WTO Agreement on Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (WTO-TRIPS) requires participant countries to provide patent and other intellectual property-related protection for pharmaceutical products by law, with an exemption provided for least developed countries until 2033. While some countries have made improvements, we may face patent grant, enforcement and other intellectual property challenges in many countries. Ampion Globally, we own a large number of issued patents and pending patent applications covering Ampion , our proprietary biological pharmaceutical product, as well as its uses, formulations, and manufacturing processes. Given the decision to focus available resources on the research and development of AR-300, we made the decision starting in 2023 to significantly limit or discontinue much of the existing patent portfolio covering Ampion . Those members of the existing Ampion patent estate that we expect to continue to maintain will be based on the relative importance of technologies 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 covered by patents, the geographic jurisdiction of patents, and remaining patent term. We believe that this strategy will significantly reduce the overall number of patents and minimize the economic impact of the Ampion patent estate on the Company. Human Capital Resources As we move forward with the development of AR-300, we believe it is crucial that we have just-in-time access to specific best-in-class expertise at each unique stage of the drug s development, including the following: (i) expertise in planning, executing, and evaluating preclinical development, (ii) planning and executing the Phase 1 safety study, (iii) planning and executing the Phase 2 and 3 clinical studies, (iv) interfacing with regulatory authorities, and (v) maintaining, analyzing, and presenting data required to support regulatory filings and decisions. In addition, we continue to be a public-reporting company and, as such, require the resources to comply with our public reporting and stock exchange obligations. Accordingly, we have implemented a hybrid organizational model whereby we retain the organizational competencies to govern and comply with the public reporting requirements and select and manage specific third-party independent contractors with proven industry expertise in formulation development, preclinical development, GMP manufacturing, clinical development, regulatory and legal on an as needed basis. We believe this model will position us best to develop AR-300 in the most expeditious and cost-effective manner, and effectively control the fixed costs associated with building an all-employee organization. We began implementing this model toward the end of 2022 and have continued implementation into the first quarter of 2023. As of December 31, 2022, we had eight full-time employees focused on research, manufacturing, project management, accounting and finance, administrative support, information technology IT ), and corporate governance. As of February 1, 2023, we had five employees focused on project management, accounting and finance, IT, and corporate governance. Consistent with our outsourcing philosophy, we have contracted with third-party firms to provide medical/clinical oversight, financial and accounting control, assistance with transferring manufacturing methods, and administrative support, and have engaged third-party firms with specific orthopedic expertise to assist with designing and implementing preclinical, clinical and regulatory development plans for AR-300. Available Information We file annual reports, quarterly reports, proxy statements and other documents with the SEC under the Exchange Act. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including Ampio, that file electronically with the SEC. These filings are available through the SEC s website at https://www.sec.gov. Ampio also makes available free of charge through its website, http://www.ampiopharma.com, its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. Information found on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. Item 1A. Risk Factors. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and all other information contained herein as well as the information included in this Annual Report and other reports and filings made with the SEC in evaluating our business and prospects. Risks and uncertainties, in addition to those we describe below, that are not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business and financial results could be harmed, and the price of our common stock could decline. You should also refer to the other information contained in this Annual Report, including our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to the Development of AR-300, Strategic Alternatives and Our Business We are dependent on the success of our AR-300 technology and we cannot be certain that any preclinical data will support its further development. AR-300 is a novel, proprietary (patents pending), small molecule formulation that has demonstrated promising anti-inflammatory properties in vitro and protection of cartilage in preclinical rat meniscal tear studies. We are currently conducting studies to evaluate the efficacy of AR-300 in osteoarthritis pain. We expect to have preclinical pain and chondroprotection results in the first half of 2023. The future development of AR-300 will depend on the success and level of positive data from the current and near-term preclinical studies. At this time, AR-300 is our only potential product in development. We do not have any products that are approved for commercial sale and may never be able to develop marketable products. In 2022, we generated no revenue from any source other than interest income. If the results from the preclinical studies of AR-300 are sufficiently positive, any future product candidate from a formulation of AR-300 will require additional development, including further preclinical studies, as well as clinical trials, optimization of their formulation, and regulatory clearances, before they can be commercialized. Positive results obtained during early development do not necessarily mean later development will succeed. If AR-300 fails to demonstrate sufficiently positive data at any time or we determine there are other barriers to successful commercialization, we may abandon development of AR-300. We believe that sufficiently positive pre-clinical data for AR-300 is a condition to future capital raising to fund AR-300 development. If our available cash resources are insufficient to fund our expenses (including relating to legal proceedings) and the development of AR-300 and/or completion of a strategic transaction, we may implement further cost reduction and other cash-focused measures to manage liquidity and we may pursue a plan of liquidation or dissolution of Ampio or seek bankruptcy protection. If we decided to cease operations and dissolve and liquidate our assets, it is unclear to what extent we would be able to pay our obligations. In such a circumstance and in light of the Company s current liquidity position and pending legal matters, it is unlikely that cash would be available for distributions to stockholders. We may explore strategic alternatives but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying or completing any strategic alternative or that any such strategic alternative will yield value for our stockholders. Given the risks associated with preclinical drug development, we continue to opportunistically identify and evaluate strategic opportunities to acquire or license later stage assets and/or merge with companies that have those assets. To-date, we have evaluated more than a dozen such opportunities. Finding attractive and affordable assets and/or merger partners has been challenging due to competition from the high number of companies with failed clinical trials that are pursuing the same strategy; in addition to our circumstances regarding our cash balance, the uncertainty around our continued listing on a major exchange, and the potential risks associated with ongoing legal and regulatory matters. The process of exploring strategic alternatives is time consuming, and our board of directors has not set a timetable for the conclusion of its review of strategic alternatives. Our review of strategic options and alternatives could result in, among other things, a sale, merger, reverse merger, consolidation or business combination, asset divestiture, partnering, licensing or other collaboration agreements, or potential acquisitions, recapitalizations or restructurings, or in one or more transactions. There can be no assurance that the exploration of strategic alternatives is the correct strategy to pursue or that it will result in the identification or consummation of any transaction. Certain potential strategic transaction alternatives, if available and achieved, could result in substantial dilution to existing stockholders and have a material adverse effect on the market price of Ampio s common stock. Additionally, in light of our current stock price and ongoing legal matters, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient capital resources to fund any strategic transaction, if available. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity securities, including as part of a strategic transaction, it could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders, increased fixed payment obligations, and any issued securities may have rights senior to those of the Company s shares of common stock. We also cannot assure that any potential transaction or other strategic alternative, if identified, evaluated and consummated, will provide greater value to our stockholders or otherwise successfully address the challenges associated with our dependence upon a single preclinical asset for our business. Any potential transaction would be dependent upon a number 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 of factors that may be beyond our control, including, among other factors, market conditions, industry trends, the interest of third parties in our business or preclinical development progress, and the availability of financing to potential buyers on reasonable terms. We rely on third parties for critical resources, including AR-300 development, and we may not be able to manage these third parties to provide timely, high quality, and cost-effective services to us. As of December 31, 2022, we had eight full-time employees and as of February 1, 2023, we had five full-time employees. These employees are focused on project management, accounting finance, IT, and corporate governance. As part of our AR-300 development strategy, we have determined to outsource and contract with independent organizations, advisors and consultants to provide specific services, such as orthopedic expertise to assist with designing and implementing preclinical, clinical and regulatory development plans for AR-300. We have also determined to contract with third parties for other business-related functions such as finance and accounting and administrative support. We believe that we will be able to obtain support and relevant expertise from the third party resources at an overall lower cost profile than hiring our own employees as well as benefit from greater range of expertise from third party resources than may be found in any number of employees. However, there can be no assurance that our strategy of using third parties will result in these intended benefits. We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part on third parties to provide critical services to us. We cannot assure you that the services of these third parties will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements. If the cost of these services increase for any reason, or if these third parties are unable or unwilling provide services to us, we may have to find another third party to provide these services which could result in interruptions, increased costs, delays, in other challenges in the development of AR-300, in the execution of strategic alternatives or strategic transactions, in our ability to fulfill our SEC reporting obligation or comply with the continued listing requirements of NYSE American, or in the proper functioning of other business functions. In addition, if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by third-party service providers is compromised for any reason, we may similarly suffer from interruptions, increased costs, delays and from the other challenges described above. We cannot assure you that we will be able to manage our existing third-party service providers or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Requirements Our history of losses and our cash resources available to execute our business plan over the next twelve months raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In 2022, we experienced net losses of 16.3 million, had no revenue other than interest income, and used 21.1 million in cash to fund our operations. Due to the current level of liquidity at December 31, 2022 and the projected shortfall to cover operating expenses requiring cash for a period of 12 months from the report date of the annual report, management has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2022, our source of liquidity consisted of 12.7 million of cash and cash equivalents. While we implemented cost reductions in 2022, our finite cash resources available to execute our business plan present the risk that we will not have sufficient cash available in the amount or at the time we need it to fund our ongoing operations and execute our business plan involving the development of AR-300 and strategic alternatives over the next twelve months. Our capital needs are based upon management estimates as to future expense and potential future capital raising activity, which involve significant judgment particularly given that we are pursuing a strategic alternatives process and cannot predict the duration or expense associated with this process. Additionally, the expense associated with and outcome of any legal proceeding is not possible to determine at this time. We cannot assure you that additional financing will be available in the amount or at the time we need it, or that it will be available on acceptable terms or at all. We believe that positive pre-clinical data for AR-300 is a condition to future capital raising to fund further development of AR-300 and an identifiable, attractive strategic transaction is a condition to future capital raising to fund that strategic transaction. If our available cash resources are insufficient to fund our expenses (including relating to legal proceedings) and the development of AR-300 and/or completion of a strategic transaction, we may implement further cost reduction and other cash-focused measures to manage liquidity and we may pursue a plan of liquidation or dissolution of Ampio or seek 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 bankruptcy protection. If we decided to cease operations and dissolve and liquidate our assets, it is unclear to what extent we would be able to pay our obligations. In such a circumstance and in light of the Company s current liquidity position and pending legal matters, it is unlikely that cash would be available for distributions to stockholders. We are involved in legal proceedings that likely will adversely affect our financial position and our pursuit of strategic alternatives. We are involved in and may in the future be involved in legal proceedings. Regardless of whether any claims against us are valid or whether we are liable, litigation claims or regulatory proceedings are expensive and time consuming to defend against, require us to advance potentially substantial amounts to director and officer defendants for their defense of the claims, and will result in the diversion of management attention and resources from our business and strategic goals. Insurance may not be available at all or in sufficient amounts to cover any liabilities with respect to these or other matters. The outcome of any legal proceeding is not possible to determine at this time. If we are liable in any legal proceeding, such proceeding could result in injunctions or other equitable relief, settlements, penalties, fines or damages that could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash position and the conduct of our business and pursuit of strategic alternatives. The uncertainty relating to any legal proceedings may also impair our ability to raise capital. Given our limited cash resources, significant liabilities resulting from legal proceedings could force us to implement further cost reduction and other cash-focused measures to manage liquidity, including potential termination of our strategic alternatives process, and the Company may pursue a plan of liquidation or dissolution of the Company or seek bankruptcy protection, any of which could cause the value of any investment in the Company to decline to zero. If we decided to cease operations and dissolve and liquidate our assets, it is unclear to what extent we would be able to pay our obligations. In such a circumstance and in light of the Company s current liquidity position and pending legal matters, it is unlikely that cash would be available for distributions to stockholders. We may need additional capital to fund our future operations, the development of AR-300 and any strategic transaction. As of December 31, 2022, we had 12.7 million of cash and cash equivalents which we expect can fund our operations through the fourth quarter of 2023. Our future capital requirements will depend on, and could increase significantly as a result of, many factors including: progress in and the costs of our AR-300 preclinical studies and any future clinical trials and research and development relating to AR-300; costs relating to the exploration of strategic alternatives and costs associated with pursuit of any strategic transaction, including any consideration we may pay to acquire or license later stage assets and/or merge with companies that have those assets or other transaction or series of transactions; the costs of defending lawsuits and other claims such as those described in Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings and any amounts paid to resolve those legal matters; the costs involved in filing, prosecuting, enforcing, and defending patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 
 efforts to cure any future non-compliance with the minimum stockholders equity or other requirement of the NYSE American; and 
 the costs of sustaining our corporate overhead requirements, including D O insurance, and hiring and retaining necessary personnel or third parties. 
 Our capital needs are based upon management estimates as to future expense and potential future capital raising activity, which involve significant judgment particularly given that we are in the middle of the strategic alternatives process and cannot predict the duration or expense associated with this process. Additionally, the expense associated with and outcome of any legal proceeding is not possible to determine at this time. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 We cannot assure you that additional financing will be available in the amount or at the time we need it, or that it will be available on acceptable terms or at all. We believe that positive pre-clinical data for AR-300 is a condition to pursue future capital raising to fund AR-300 and an identifiable, attractive strategic transaction is a condition to pursue future capital raising to fund that strategic transaction. We may obtain future additional financing by incurring indebtedness or from an offering of our equity securities or any of these. If we raise equity financing, our stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the value of shares of our common stock could decline. Our efforts to raise additional funds from the sale of equity may be hampered by the currently depressed trading price of our common stock, by pending legal matters, and by our prior non-compliance or any future non-compliance with the continued listing requirements of the NYSE American. If we raise additional equity financing, new investors may demand rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing holders of common stock. Our efforts to raise funds by incurring indebtedness may be hampered by our limited assets to secure debt and the absence of any revenue to support debt service payments. Any financing would likely have covenants that would affect the manner in which we conduct our business, including by restricting our ability to incur indebtedness or sell additional equity securities. If we cannot timely raise any needed funds, we may implement further cost reduction and other cash-focused measures to manage liquidity and we may pursue a plan of liquidation or dissolution of Ampio or seek bankruptcy protection. If we decided to cease operations and dissolve and liquidate our assets, it is unclear to what extent we would be able to pay our obligations. In such a circumstance and in light of the Company s current liquidity position and pending legal matters, it is unlikely that cash would be available for distributions to stockholders. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property We are dependent on adequate protection of our patent and proprietary rights. We rely on patents, trade secrets, trademarks, copyrights, know-how, and contractual provisions to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We own a number of United States provisional patent applications covering AR-300, our proprietary small molecule pharmaceutical product, as well as its uses, formulations, and manufacturing processes. We anticipate filing additional patent applications in the future, covering new discoveries, formulations and/or research advancements in or relating to AR-300, as needs arise. If we do not diligently pursue our intellectual property rights or they are invalidated or circumvented, our development of AR-300 and any future commercialization of any formulation of AR-300 will be adversely affected. We must successfully defend these rights against third-party challenges. However, these legal means afford us only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or remedies to gain or keep any advantages we may have over other companies seeking to commercialize product candidates similar or identical to AR-300. If the scope of any patent protection we obtain is not sufficiently broad, or if we lose any of our patent or other legal protections of our intellectual property rights, our ability to prevent our competitors from commercializing product candidates similar or identical to AR-300 would be adversely affected. Additionally, competitors, many of which have substantial resources and may make substantial investments in competing products and product candidates, may apply for and obtain patents that will prevent, limit, or interfere with our ability to develop, manufacture or market any product relating to AR-300. Further, while we do not believe that our claimed intellectual property interferes with the rights of others, third parties may nonetheless assert patent infringement claims against us in the future. Costly litigation may be necessary to enforce patents issued or licensed to us, to protect trade secrets or know-how we own, to defend us against claimed infringement of the rights of others or to determine the ownership, scope, or validity of our proprietary rights and the rights of others. Any claim of infringement against us may involve significant liabilities to third parties, could require us to seek licenses from third parties, and could prevent us from manufacturing, selling, or using any products that we may develop. The occurrence of this litigation or the effect of an adverse determination in any of this type of litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock The price of our stock has been extremely volatile and may continue to be volatile and fluctuate substantially, which could result in substantial losses for purchasers of our common stock. The price of our common stock has been extremely volatile and may continue to be so, particularly as we confront and attempt to address the risks relating to AR-300, our strategic alternatives process, our capital resources, and the other risk factors described in this section. Additionally, the stock market in general and the market for pre-revenue stage biopharmaceutical companies have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. The following factors, in addition to the other risk factors described in this section, may also have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock: any actual or perceived adverse developments in the preclinical studies for AR-300, any clinical trials involving AR-300, or the general development of AR-300; uncertainties relating to the strategic alternatives or any strategic transaction, including actual or perceived adverse developments in this process or the announcement or pendency of any transaction; any announcements of developments with, or comments by, the FDA or other regulatory authorities that may impact Ampio or the potential regulatory path for AR-300; developments in any legal proceeding in which we are or may become involved; any announcements concerning our retention or loss of key employees; our continued compliance with NYSE American listing requirements and any action taken by the NYSE American relating to our common stock; announcements of patent issuances or denials, infringement claims or other intellectual property related developments; announcements of the introduction of new competitive products by other companies; future issuances of common stock or other securities; sales of stock by our stockholders holding a significant position in the Company; economic and other external factors beyond our control; and public confidence in the securities markets and regulation by or of the securities market. 
 A significant drop in the price of our stock could expose us to the risk of securities class action lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business. If we cannot continue to satisfy the NYSE American continued listing requirements and rules, our securities may be delisted, which could negatively impact the price of our securities. Currently, our common stock is listed on the NYSE American. In order to maintain our listing on the NYSE American, we must continue to satisfy the applicable continued listing requirements and rules, including such rules and requirements relating to minimum share price, minimum stockholders equity and a minimum number of public stockholders. The NYSE American may delist the securities of any issuer if, in its opinion, the issuer s financial condition and/or operating results appear unsatisfactory; if it appears that the extent of public distribution or the aggregate market value of the security has become so reduced as to make continued listing on the NYSE American inadvisable; if the issuer sells or disposes of principal operating assets or ceases to be an operating company; if an issuer fails to comply with the NYSE American s listing requirements; if an issuer s common stock sells at what the NYSE American considers a low selling price (generally trading below 0.20 per share for an extended period of time); maintaining minimum stockholders equity at least 6.0 million; or if any other event occurs or any condition exists which makes continued listing on the NYSE American, in its opinion, inadvisable. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 If the NYSE American delists our securities, we could face significant consequences, including: a limited availability for market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; a determination that our common stock is a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in reduced trading; activity in the secondary trading market for our common stock; reduced opportunities for strategic alternatives; limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 While we continue to monitor our compliance with the NYSE American continued listing requirements, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to comply with the NYSE American listing requirements. The market for the Company s common stock may be thinly traded and stockholders may be unable to sell at or near ask prices or at all. The Company s common stock may be thinly traded on the NYSE American, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing the Company s shares at or near ask prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. Consequently, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in the Company s shares is minimal or non-existent. The Company cannot assure investors that a broader or more active public trading market for the Company s common stock will develop or be sustained or that current trading levels will be maintained. Anti-takeover provisions in our charter and bylaws and in Delaware law could prevent or delay a change in control of Ampio. Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay, or prevent a merger or acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. These provisions include: requiring supermajority stockholder voting to effect certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws; restricting the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; and establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports or publish unfavorable research or reports about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. Coverage by securities and industry analysts and initiation of coverage in the future is uncertain at this time. If securities or industry analysts do not cover our company, the trading price for our stock could continue to be negatively impacted. Additionally, if any analyst downgrades our stock, our stock price would likely decline. Click or tap here to enter text. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Properties. We maintain our headquarters, research laboratories, and manufacturing facilities in leased space located in Englewood, Colorado, for monthly minimum lease payments of approximately 30,000. The lease expires in September 2024. Effective March 1, 2023, the Company entered into a sublease agreement with the consent of the Landlord pursuant to which the Company will sublease the Premises for a term commencing on March 1, 2023 and continuing until the expiration of the Lease on September 30, 2024. However, the address of the Company s principal executive offices continues to be 373 Inverness Parkway, Suite 200, Englewood, Colorado 80112. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. From time to time, the Company may be a party to litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. In addition, a s of December 31, 2022, Ampio was involved in the following material pending legal proceedings: Kain v. Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc., et al., 22-cv-2105 On August 17, 2022, a putative Ampio shareholder filed a securities fraud class action against the Company, its current CEO Michael A. Martino and two former executives, Michael Macaluso and Holli Cherevka, in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado, captioned Kain v. Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc., et al. , 22-cv-2105. The Complaint alleges that Ampio and the individual defendants made various false and misleading statements regarding the efficacy, clinical trials and FDA communications relating to Ampio s lead product, Ampion, and its treatment of severe osteoarthritis of the knee in violation of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The Complaint also asserts control person liability against the individual defendants under Section 20 of the Exchange Act. The Complaint relies largely on Ampio s announcement on May 16, 2022, that it had formed a special Board committee to investigate the statistical analysis of Ampio s AP-013 clinical trial and the unauthorized provision of Ampion to various individuals who were not participating in clinical trials, and Ampio s further announcement on August 3, 2022, that the investigation had revealed that various employees were aware that the AP-013 trial did not demonstrate efficacy for Ampion s primary endpoints and did not fully and timely report the results of the trial and the timing of unblinding data from the trial. Based on the Company s reports, the Complaint asserts that various statements made by the Company during the Class Period were false and misleading because they: (i) inflated Ampio s ability to successfully obtain FDA approval for Ampion; (ii) inflated the results of the AP-013 clinical trial and failed to disclose the timing of unblinding the data from the study; and (iii) overstated the Company s business, operations and prospects. The Complaint seeks an unspecified amount of compensatory damages as well as attorneys fees and costs. On October 17, 2022, six putative shareholders filed motions seeking to be named lead plaintiff. On November 7, 2022, two of the movants filed oppositions to each other s motions; the remaining movants either withdrew their motions or filed non-oppositions to another putative shareholder s motion. The Court has not yet ruled on the competing motions for appointment of lead plaintiff. In the interim, the Court approved the parties joint motion to stay proceedings, and all deadlines are deferred until after a decision on the lead plaintiff motion(s). Ampio intends to defend itself vigorously against this action. Maresca v. Martino, et al., 22-cv-2646-KLM On October 7, 2022, putative Ampio shareholder Robert Maresca filed a Verified Shareholder Derivative Complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado, captioned Maresca v. Martino, et al. , 22-cv-2646-KLM. The derivative complaint, brought on behalf of the Company, asserts claims against a number of current and former executives and directors of the Company, namely Michael A. Martino, Michael Macaluso, Holli Cherevka, David Bar-Or, David Stevens, J. Kevin Buchi, Philip H. Coelho and Richard B. Giles. Based largely on the same allegations as the Kain securities fraud class action complaint (including Ampio s reports in May and August, 2022, regarding its internal investigation and findings), the Complaint asserts that the individual defendants caused the Company to make false or misleading statements in its SEC filings by hyp[ing Ampio s] ability to successfully file a BLA for Ampion; exaggerate[ing] results of the AP-013 study; misstat[ing] the true timing of 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 unblinding of data from the AP-013 study; and fail[ing] to maintain internal controls. The Complaint also asserts that the defendants failed to exercise due care and comply with the Company s policies and procedures designed to ensure Board and Audit Committee oversight of the business operations and that ethical business practices were maintained. It also contends that two of the defendants (Cherevka and Coelho) sold Company stock while in possession of material non-public information at artificially inflated prices in violation of the Company s insider trading restrictions. The Complaint asserts that the individuals should not have received compensation while violating their duties to the Company. The Complaint also alleges that the defendants caused the Company to repurchase its own stock at artificially inflated prices, causing damage to the Company itself. The Complaint asserts six causes of action on behalf of the Company and against the individual defendants: (1) violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act based on purportedly false and misleading statements in the Company s proxy statements; (2) violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder; (3) control person liability under Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act; (4) breach of fiduciary duty; (5) unjust enrichment; and (6) waste of corporate assets. The Complaint seeks an unspecified amount of compensatory and restitution damages to be paid to Ampio, together with pre- and post-judgment interest, as well as injunctive relief imposing certain corporate governance reforms and attorneys fees and costs. On November 2, 2022, the Company and plaintiff (together with plaintiff in a second derivative action -- the Marquis action, discussed below) filed a joint motion to consolidate the two derivative actions and appoint the lawyers representing the two plaintiffs as co-lead counsel. That same day, the Company and plaintiff filed a stipulation providing the Company additional time to answer, move or otherwise respond to the Complaint. On January 10, 2023, after the Company received additional extensions of time to respond, the Court granted consolidation of the Maresca and Marquis actions but denied appointment of co-lead counsel for plaintiffs without prejudice. On January 11, 2023, Plaintiffs renewed their motion for appointment of co-lead counsel. On January 12, 2023, the Court granted the renewed motion and appointed co-lead counsel for plaintiffs. On January 17, 2023, the parties filed a joint stipulated motion seeking a temporary stay of the consolidated derivative actions, subject to various conditions, until the earlier of: (1) the dismissal of the Kain action; (2) a defendant filing an answer in the Kain action; or (3) another derivative action being filed that is not stayed for the same duration. On January 25, 2023, the Court granted the motion for temporary stay. Accordingly, all deadlines are deferred until the stay is terminated. Ampio intends to defend itself vigorously against this action. Marquis v. Martino, et al., 22-cv-2803-KLM On October 25, 2022, putative shareholder Samantha Marquis filed a derivative complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado, captioned Marquis v. Martino, et al., 22-cv-2803-KLM. The Complaint, filed on behalf of Ampio, asserts that various current and former officers and directors of Ampio namely, Michael Martino, Michael Macaluso, Holli Cherevka, David Bar-Or, David Stevens, Kevin Buchi, Philip Coelho, and Richard Giles, breached their fiduciary duties as directors and/or officers and violated Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act by causing the Company to file false and misleading proxy statements. The Complaint focuses on the Company s alleged failure to timely report that the results of the AP-013 trial for Ampion were unfavorable, failing to show efficacy on the co-primary endpoints of pain and function, and the Company s alleged failure to disclose the results of and timing of unblinding the study data. The Complaint asserts that the individual defendants breached their fiduciary duties by making or causing the Company to make materially false and misleading statements regarding Ampio s business, operations and prospects and by failing to maintain adequate internal controls. Based on these allegations, the Complaint asserts two causes of action on behalf of the Company: (1) violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act against all defendants other than Cherevka; and (2) breach of fiduciary duty against all defendants. Based on these claims, the Complaint seeks judgment in favor of the Company and against the individual defendants in an unspecified amount of compensatory and restitution damages, together with pre- and post-judgment interest and costs of the action including reasonable attorneys and experts fees as well as a mandatory injunction requiring Ampio and the defendants to reform and improve the corporate governance and internal controls of the Company. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 On November 2, 2022, the Company and plaintiff (together with plaintiff in the previously filed Maresca action, discussed above) filed a joint motion to consolidate the two derivative actions and appoint the lawyers representing the two plaintiffs as co-lead counsel. On January 10, 2023, the Court granted consolidation of the Maresca and Marquis actions but denied appointment of co-lead counsel for plaintiffs without prejudice. On January 11, 2023, Plaintiffs renewed their motion for appointment of co-lead counsel. On January 12, 2023, the Court granted the renewed motion and appointed co-lead counsel for plaintiffs. On January 17, 2023, the parties filed a joint stipulated motion seeking a temporary stay of the consolidated derivative actions, subject to various conditions, until the earlier of: (1) the dismissal of the Kain action; (2) a defendant filing an answer in the Kain action; or (3) another derivative action being filed that is not stayed for the same duration. On January 25, 2023, the Court granted the motion for temporary stay. Accordingly, all deadlines are deferred until the stay is terminated. Ampio intends to defend itself vigorously against this action. McCann v. Martino, et al ., 2023cv30287 On January 27, 2023, putative shareholder John McCann filed a derivative complaint in the District Court, City County of Denver, State of Colorado, captioned McCann v. Martino , et al ., 2023cv30287. The Complaint, filed on behalf of Ampio, asserts that various current and former officers and directors of Ampio namely, Michael Martino, J. Kevin Buchi, David Stevens, Elizabeth Jobes, Holli Cherevka, David Bar-Or, Philip H. Coelho, and Richard B. Giles, breached their fiduciary duties as directors and/or officers by allowing the Company to issue false and misleading statements, The Complaint focuses on the Company s alleged failure to timely report that the results of the AP-013 trial for Ampion were unfavorable, failing to show efficacy on the co-primary endpoints of pain and function, and the Company s alleged failure to disclose the results of and timing of unblinding the study data. The Complaint asserts that the individual defendants breached their fiduciary duties by allowing the Company to make materially false and misleading statements regarding Ampio s business, operations and prospects and by failing to maintain adequate internal controls. Based on these allegations, the Complaint asserts five causes of action on behalf of the Company: (1) breach of fiduciary duty against the current directors; (2) gross mismanagement against the current directors; (3) waste of corporate assets against the current directors; (4) unjust enrichment against all defendants; and (5) breach of fiduciary duty by insider trading against defendants Cherevka and Coelho. Based on these claims, the Complaint seeks judgment in favor of the Company and against the individual defendants in an unspecified amount of compensatory damages, costs of the action including reasonable attorneys and experts fees as well as a mandatory injunction requiring Ampio to reform and improve the corporate governance and internal procedures of the Company. Defendant Cherevka was served and by order dated February 9, 2023, obtained an extension of time to respond to the Complaint through March 31, 2023. On March 2, 2023, the parties filed a joint stipulated motion seeking a temporary stay of the action, subject to various conditions, until the earlier of: (1) the dismissal of the Kain action; (2) a defendant filing an answer in the Kain action; or (3) another derivative action being filed that is not stayed for the same duration. On March 3, 2023, the Court granted the motion for temporary stay. Accordingly, all deadlines are deferred until the stay is terminated. Ampio intends to defend itself vigorously against this action. SEC Investigation On October 12, 2022, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, entered an order directing private investigation and designating officers to take testimony to determine whether we or any other entities or persons have engaged in, or are about to engage in, any violations of the securities laws. The SEC has since issued subpoenas to the Company and numerous current and former officers, directors, employees and consultants of the Company. We intend to cooperate fully with the SEC. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our common stock currently trades on the NYSE American under the ticker symbol AMPE. Holders of Common Stock As of March 22, 2023, there were approximately 191 registered holders of our common stock. A substantially greater number of holders of our common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. Dividend Policy We have never paid cash dividends and have no plans to pay cash dividends in the near future. We intend to utilize all current and future available sources of liquidity to develop and commercialize AR-300. If we issue any preferred stock and/or obtain financing from a bank in the future, the terms of those financings may contain restrictions on our ability to pay dividends in the near or long term. Equity Compensation Plan Information Information regarding our equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference from Part III, Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financings, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should read the Risk Factors section of this Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. Critical Accounting Policies, Estimates and Judgments Our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses incurred during the reporting period. On an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable and appropriate under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The methods, estimates, and judgments used by us in applying these critical accounting policies have a significant impact on the results we report in our financial statements. Additional information regarding our critical accounting policies and estimates is contained in Notes 2, 6, 8 and 10 to the Financial Statements. We consider the following accounting policies to be those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and that require a higher degree of judgment. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Clinical Trial Accrual As part of the process of preparing our financial statements, we are required to estimate our expenses resulting from our obligations under contracts with various vendors, which primarily include clinical and pre-clinical research organizations, consultants and clinical site/investigatory agreements in connection with our active and ongoing clinical trials over the reporting period. The financial terms of these contracts are subject to negotiations, subsequent amendment(s) as a result of change in scope of work and often results in payments that do not match the periods over which materials and/or services are provided under such contracts. Our key objective is to reflect the appropriate trial expenses in the financial statements by matching those expenses with the period in which services are performed, materials are received and efforts are expended. We account for these expenses according to the progress of the trials as measured by subject enrollment and progression/timing of various aspects of the trials. We determine accrual estimates by taking into account discussions with applicable personnel and outside service providers as to the progress or state of the trials, or the services completed. During the course of a clinical trial, we adjust the clinical expense recognition if actual results differ from estimates. We make estimates of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date based on the facts and circumstances known to us at that time. Our clinical trial accruals are dependent upon the timely and accurate reporting of contract research organizations and other third-party vendors. Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and timing of services performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in the reporting of amounts that are too high or too low for any particular period. To date, there have not been any material adjustments to our prior estimates of accrued research and development expenses. As of December 31, 2022 all of the clinical trials related to Ampion have been completed and, as such, we do not expect to incur any significant future costs related to these trials. Share-Based Compensation We account for share-based payments by recognizing compensation expense based upon the estimated fair value of the share-based payments on the date of grant. We determine the estimated fair value of the share-based payments granted using the fair market value of the stock in the case of restricted stock awards or Black-Scholes option pricing model in the case of stock options and recognize compensation costs ratably over the requisite service period which approximates the vesting period using the graded method. To calculate the fair value of the options, certain assumptions are made regarding components of the model, including the fair value of the underlying common stock, risk-free interest rate, volatility, expected dividend yield and expected option life. Changes to the assumptions could cause significant adjustments to the valuation. We calculate our volatility assumptions using the actual changes in the market value of our stock. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur. Our historical option exercises do not provide a reasonable basis to estimate an expected term due to the lack of sufficient data. Therefore, we estimate the expected term by using the simplified method. The simplified method calculates the expected term as the average of the vesting term plus the contractual life of the options. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant for treasury securities of similar maturity. The assumptions used in determining the fair value of share-based awards represent our best estimates, but the estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of our judgment. As a result, if factors change and we use significantly different assumptions or estimates, our share-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Fixed assets are amortized or depreciated over their estimated useful life on a straight-line basis. We monitor conditions related to these assets to determine whether events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining amortization or depreciation period. Management performs an annual evaluation of the recoverability of the carrying value of its long-lived assets or whenever our management concludes events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. When we determine that the useful lives of assets are shorter than we had originally estimated, we accelerate the rate of depreciation over the assets new, shorter useful lives. During the year ended December 31, 2022, management determined that there were impairment indicators; the fair value of the long-lived assets were determined based on Level 3 fair value measurements and resulted in an impairment loss of 1.6 million. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Derivative Warrant Liabilities Warrants issued pursuant to equity offerings that are potentially exercisable resulting in a variable number of shares being issued are considered derivative liabilities and therefore are measured at fair value. The Company uses the Black-Scholes pricing model to estimate fair value at each exercise and period end date. The key assumptions used in the model are the expected future volatility in the price of the Company s shares and the expected life of the warrants. The impact of changes in key assumptions is described in Note 8 . Recent Accounting Pronouncements Information regarding recently issued and relevant accounting standards (adopted and not adopted as of December 31, 2022) is contained in Note 2 to the Financial Statements. Results of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to December 31, 2021 We recognized a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the 2022 period of 16.3 million compared to the net loss recognized of 17.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the 2021 period ). The net loss during the 2022 period was primarily attributable to operating expenses of 22.3 million, that included a 1.9 million impairment loss related to long-lived and ROU assets; partially offset by the non-cash derivative gain and interest income of 5.8 million and 0.2 million, respectively. The net loss during fiscal 2021 was attributable to operating expenses of 20.6 million, partially offset by non-cash derivative gain of 3.5 million. Operating expenses increased 1.7 million, or 9 , from the 2021 period to the 2022 period primarily due to a (i) 2.8 million, or 32 , increase in general and administrative costs, (ii) recognition of 1.9 million impairment loss associated with the Company s long-lived and ROU assets; partially offset by (iii) a 3.0 million reduction in research and development costs. Research and Development Research and development costs decreased by approximately 3.0 million, or 25 , for the 2022 period compared to the 2021 period. Categories of research and development costs are summarized as follows and exclude an allocation of general and administrative expenses: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Clinical trial and sponsored research expenses 2,991,000 5,787,000 Salaries and benefits 2,755,000 2,981,000 Depreciation 1,031,000 1,070,000 Laboratory 890,000 779,000 Professional fees 780,000 335,000 Operations/manufacturing 308,000 816,000 Share-based compensation 139,000 46,000 Other 22,000 86,000 Total research and development 8,916,000 11,900,000 Clinical trial and sponsored research expenses The clinical trial and sponsored research expenses decreased by approximately 2.8 million or 48 , primarily due to a decrease in certain Ampion clinical trial costs (i.e., AP-017, AP-018 and AP-019) totaling 1.7 million. These studies commenced in late 2020 through the first half of 2021 but were substantially completed from a patient enrollment perspective in early 2022. In addition, clinical trial costs related to Ampion clinical trial AP-013 decreased 1.1 million as the study was completed with an analysis of the results filed with the FDA in late first quarter 2022 with modest costs related to final close-out of the study throughout the remainder of the 2022 period. All clinical trials were completed in 2022. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Salaries and benefits Salaries and benefits expenses decreased 0.2 million, or 8 , for the 2022 period compared with the 2021 period primarily due to the reduction in force RIF communicated in August 2022 which resulted in a reduction of 11 full-time equivalents FTEs with 9 FTEs separated in August 2022 and 2 FTEs in January 2023. As a result of the RIF and the termination of two executive officers, 2022 had a weighted average 11 FTEs which was 27 lower than a weighted average 15 FTEs for 2021. The reduction of salary and benefits cost for 2022 resulting from lower average FTEs and the lack of incentive compensation accrued in 2022 was partially offset by severance and related benefits related to the RIF totaling approximately 0.7 million. Accordingly, we have implemented a hybrid organizational model whereby we retain the organizational competencies to govern and comply with the public reporting requirements and select and manage specific third-party independent contractors with proven industry expertise in formulation development, preclinical development, GMP manufacturing, clinical development, regulatory and legal on an as needed basis. We believe this model will position us best to develop AR-300 in the most expeditious and cost-effective manner, and effectively control the fixed costs associated with building an all-employee organization. Professional Fees Professional fees expense increased 0.4 million, or 133 for the 2022 period compared with the 2021 period as a result of the engagement of Chief Medical Officer, serving in the capacity as a consultant which commenced in the fourth quarter 2021 and continued throughout the 2022 period. In addition, we incurred incremental costs in the 2022 period associated with additional third-party biostatisticians and other consultants in connection with finalizing and closing out the prior Ampion clinical studies (i.e., AP-013, AP-017, AP-018 and AP-019). Operations/Manufacturing Operations/manufacturing expense decreased by 0.5 million or 62 as all studies were completed during the 2022 period and, as such, the purchase of supplies to manufacture clinical trial product was not necessary. General and Administrative General and administrative expenses increased 2.8 million, or 32 , for the 2022 period compared to the 2021 period. Categories of general and administrative expenses are summarized as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Professional fees 6,896,000 2,517,000 Salaries and benefits 1,485,000 1,141,000 Insurance 1,124,000 1,186,000 Share-based compensation 814,000 2,758,000 Facilities 538,000 512,000 Director fees 312,000 350,000 Other 297,000 207,000 Total general and administrative 11,466,000 8,671,000 Professional fees Professional fees increased 4.4 million, or 174 , for the 2022 period compared to the 2021 period due primarily to legal costs incurred related to investigations coordinated and conducted by the independent special committee of the Ampio Board of Directors (the Special Committee and which focused primarily on (i) the statistical analysis of Ampio s AP-013 clinical trial and (ii) the unauthorized provision of Ampion. In addition, the increase is also attributable to incremental legal costs associated with an SEC investigation and class action / derivative lawsuits initiated in the second half of 2022. Legal costs will continue to be incurred by the Company to defend itself vigorously against these actions. Finally, we incurred an increase in costs associated with the evaluation and assessment of strategic opportunities and outsourced accounting, market research studies and public and investor relation services which were focused primarily on a special stockholders meeting and the approval of the reverse stock split effected on November 9, 2022. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Salaries and benefits Salaries and benefit expense increased 0.3 million, or 30 , for the 2022 period compared with the 2021 period as a result of market-based compensation adjustments for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer effective in October 2021 which was partially offset by a lower weighted average incremental headcount during the 2022 period due primarily to the termination of the employment of one executive officer in May 2022. Share-based Compensation Share-based compensation expense decreased 1.9 million, or 71 , primarily due to stock option and restricted stock award adjustments related to forfeitures and cancellations of unvested stock options / restricted stock awards resulting from the employee terminations / board resignations during the 2022 period and whereby the expense was previously recognized. Impairment of Long-lived Fixed and ROU Assets In accordance with ASC Topic 360, Property, Plant and Equipment, the Company assesses all of its long-lived assets for impairment when impairment indicators are identified. Based on the assessment performed on September 30, 2022, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment related to its long-lived assets which was triggered by the Company s announcement during the third quarter reporting period that it was discontinuing further development of its lead development asset, Ampion. Since the carrying value of the long-lived assets exceeded its undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss, calculated as the difference between carrying value and fair value, was necessary. Accordingly, the Company recorded a 1.6 million impairment loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 through a direct reduction to the cost basis of the affected assets in its balance sheet. In addition, the Company performed an assessment of potential impairment of the ROU asset consistent with the approach applied to other long-lived assets. ROU assets are reviewed for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is recorded for the excess of the asset s carrying amount over its fair value. Accordingly, the Company recorded a 0.3 million impairment loss on the ROU asset for the year ended December 31, 2022. There were no impairment charges for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash Flows Cash flows for the respective periods are as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (21,128,000) (14,089,000) Net cash used in investing activities (97,000) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (111,000) 30,732,000 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (21,239,000) 16,546,000 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities During the 2022 period, our operating activities used approximately 21.1 million in cash and cash equivalents, which was more than our reported net loss of 16.3 million. The difference of approximately 4.8 million is attributable to a non-cash adjustment of 5.8 million related to the warrant derivative gain and a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 4.0 million, partially offset by non-cash charges related to impairment loss, depreciation, accretion, amortization and stock-based compensation totaling 3.9 million and decreases in prepaid expenses and other of 1.1 million. During the 2021 period, our operating activities used approximately 14.1 million in cash and cash equivalents, which was less than our reported net loss of 17.1 million. The difference is primarily a result of periodic non-cash charges 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 related to depreciation and amortization and share-based compensation totaling 3.9 million and an increase in working capital of 2.6 million; partially offset by the non-cash adjustment for the warrant derivative gain totaling 3.5 million. Net Cash Used in Investing Activities During the 2022 period, there was no change in cash related to investing activities. During the 2021 period, 97,000 in cash and cash equivalents was used to acquire manufacturing machinery and equipment. Net Cash Used in (Provided by) Financing Activities During the 2022 period, we settled a tax liability of 79,000 related to the vesting of restricted stock awards. As a result of the settlement, the Company withheld 9,234 common shares for taxes which represented the fair value of the tax settlement. In addition, the Company paid 32,000 in offering costs related to the registered direct offering which was finalized in December 2021. During the 2021 period, we received gross proceeds of 22.5 million in connection with a registered direct offering, which was partially offset by offering-related costs of 1.8 million. We also received approximately 10.5 million from the sale of approximately 0.4 million shares of common stock pursuant to the ATM equity offering program, which was partially offset by offering-related costs of 0.5 million. In addition, we received proceeds of 0.2 million from investor warrant exercises and stock option exercises which was offset by the shares held back in the settlement of tax obligations related to the restricted stock awards totaling 0.2 million. Contractual Obligations and Commitments Our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 primarily consist of employment agreements and a non-cancellable operating lease arrangement for our office and manufacturing facility. As of December 31, 2022, the value of our obligations under the operating lease was 614,000. For a more detailed description of our contractual obligations see Note 6 to the Financial Statements. Liquidity and Capital Resources Since inception, we have not generated revenue, profits or operating cash flow. Over this period, we have continued to be focused on research and pre-clinical / clinical development all of which has required raising a substantial amount of capital. We have completed the clinical trial reports for all legacy Ampion trials and have concluded any further development efforts on Ampion. We have shifted nearly all of our focus towards the preclinical development of AR-300 and we are currently conducting studies to evaluate the efficacy of AR-300 in osteoarthritis-related pain. The Company s sources of liquidity are its cash and cash equivalents, which were 12,653,000 on December 31, 2022. We expect to use cash in operations for the continued development of AR-300, as well as opportunistically identifying and evaluating strategic opportunities as part of the strategic alternatives process. Based on our current projection we expect our cash balance at December 31, 2022 to support existing business operations through the fourth quarter of 2023. These projections are based on assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. As such, it is possible that we could exhaust our available cash and cash equivalents earlier than presently anticipated. If we determine to move forward with the clinical development of AR-300, we believe the development and regulatory process could comprise five-to-seven years and require an incremental investment over and above Ampio s general operating expense during that period. We intend to fund future AR-300 clinical development expense through an offering of our equity securities. We may also seek to raise equity capital in order to attempt to cure non-compliance with the minimum stockholders equity requirement of the NYSE American. Such additional liquidity is subject to market conditions and other factors, including limitations that may apply to the Company under applicable SEC and NYSE American regulations and challenges associated with raising sufficient capital to meet the Company s financing needs in light of the Company s current stock price and related constraints. Should we require additional financing, financing may not be available in the amount or at the time we need it and/or may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. Although we have implemented cash-focused measures to manage liquidity such as the RIF and implementation of our outsourcing philosophy and the recent sublease of our office and manufacturing facility, we continue to expect cash used 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 by operating activities for 2023 to be negatively impacted by general and administrative expense, driven by higher professional fees including incremental legal and other costs associated with an SEC investigation and class action / derivative lawsuits. Based on management s sensitivity analysis of liquidity requirements, we expect we will be able to maintain current operations and meet anticipated capital expenditure requirements through the fourth quarter 2023 based upon our cash resources and our ability to delay or discontinue development of AR-300 in order to limit expenses consistent with the availability of our cash resources. However, it is possible that we could exhaust our available cash and cash equivalents earlier than presently anticipated due to a number of factors, including unexpected expense associated with legal matters, strategic alternatives or transactions, compliance with our reporting requirements, efforts to raise capital for AR-300 and maintain our listing on the NYSE American. Our lack of revenue or cash inflows and our cash resources on December 31, 2022 raise substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans to address the doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern include active monitoring of our operating expenses and use of our outsourcing philosophy to minimize expenses associated with AR-300. Management expects to manage future expense associated with AR-300 clinical development to align with the timing and amount of expense with future capital raising activities. If our available cash resources are insufficient to fund our expenses (including relating to legal proceedings) and the development of AR-300 and/or completion of a strategic transaction, we may implement further cost reduction and other cash-focused measures to manage liquidity and we may pursue a plan of liquidation or dissolution of Ampio or seek bankruptcy protection. If we decided to cease operations and dissolve and liquidate our assets, it is unclear to what extent we would be able to pay our obligations. In such a circumstance and in light of the Company s current liquidity position and pending legal matters, it is unlikely that cash would be available for distributions to stockholders. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. Not applicable. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The Financial Statements and Supplementary Data required by this item are in Item 15 of Part IV, Index to Financial Statements at page F-1 of this annual report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such terms are defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of the end of the period covered by the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending March 31, 2022, the CEO and the CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the maters identified as part of the Company s decision announced on May 16, 2022, to conduct internal investigations to be overseen by the Special Committee. The Special Committee concluded its investigation and the results and findings are further described in the announcement made on August 3, 2022. The Company has taken the following actions based in part upon the investigations and the findings of the Special Committee: Terminated the employment of two executive officers; Restructured the Board of Directors through resignation of certain directors; Separated the role of Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Re-constituted the Company s Disclosure Committee with additional subject matter experts; Enhanced Company policies and procedures including those related to inventory management and distribution; and Conducted company-wide training regarding use of clinical trial stage pre-development drugs. Due to sufficient passage of time to demonstrate operating effectiveness of the changes and improvements that were implemented subsequent to March 31, 2022, and the results of the evaluation performed under the supervision and with the participation of senior management, including the CEO and the CFO, the company s design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) were deemed effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) . Our management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal controls over financial reporting are effective based on these criteria. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not Applicable. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The information required by this item is to be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement as follows: The information relating to our directors and nominees for director is to be included in the section entitled Proposal 1 Election of Directors; The information relating to our executive officers is to be included in the section entitled Executive Officers; The information relating to our audit committee, audit committee financial expert and procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors is to be included in the section entitled Board of Directors and Committees; Corporate Governance; and If required, the information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is to be included in the section entitled Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports. Such information is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to all of our employees, directors and officers, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, and those of our subsidiaries. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at www.ampiopharma.com under the section entitled Investors under Corporate Governance. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of the SEC Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on our website at the website address and location specified above. Item 11. Executive Compensation. The information required by this item is to be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the sections entitled Executive Compensation, and Non-Employee Director Compensation, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The information required by this item with respect to equity compensation plans is to be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the section entitled Equity Compensation Plan Information and the information required by this item with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is to be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the section entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and in each case is incorporated herein by reference. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. The information required by this item is to be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the sections entitled Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The information required by this item is to be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the section entitled Proposal 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and is incorporated herein by reference. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a)(1) Financial Statements The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K, as set forth on the Index to Financial Statements found on page F-1. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Notes to Financial Statements
 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules Not Applicable. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 

Exhibit number Exhibit title 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Chay Enterprises, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed March 30, 2010). 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (f/k/a Chay Enterprises, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed March 30, 2010). 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed December 18, 2019). 3.4 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed November 9, 2022). 3.5 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, as currently in effect. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed November 14, 2018). 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021). 4.2 Description of Capital Stock of Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2020). 10.1 2010 Stock Incentive Plan and forms of option agreements. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 from Registrant s Form 8-K/A filed March 17, 2010) 10.2 Amendment of 2010 Stock and Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant s Proxy Statement on Form 14A filed October 21, 2011) 10.3 2019 Stock Incentive Plan and forms of option agreements. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 3, 2021) 10.4 Form of restricted stock award agreement under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 29, 2022) 10.5 Lease Agreement by and between Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and NCWP Inverness Business Park, LLC, dated December 13, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed December 19, 2013) 10.6 Employment Agreement between Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Daniel Stokely, dated October 11, 2021. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 29, 2022) 10.7 Employment Agreement between Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Michael Martino, dated November 22, 2021. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K Filed November 29, 2021) 10.8 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement by and between Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Michael A. Martino, dated August 30, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on September 1, 2022) 10.9 Stock Option Cancellation and Grant Agreement for Executive between Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Daniel Stokely, dated August 20, 2019. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed August 23, 2019) 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 10.10 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and certain directors, executive officers and key employees. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 29, 2022) 10.11 Amendment to Cancellation Agreement, dated November 7, 2019, between Ampio Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Daniel Stokely. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2019) 14.1 Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed December 18, 2019.) 23.1 Consent of Moss Adams LLP. 31.1 Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 Inline XBRL (extensible Business Reporting Language). The following materials from Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in XBRL: (i) the Balance Sheets, (ii) the Statements of Operations, (iii) the Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit), (iv) the Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to the Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. This exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. Date: March 27, 2023 By: /s/ Michael A . Martino Michael A . Martino Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities indicated, on March 27, 2023. Signature Title /s/ Michael A. Martino Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director Michael A. Martino /s/ Daniel G. Stokely Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Daniel G. Stokely /s/ David R. Stevens Director David R. Stevens /s/ J. Kevin Buchi Director J. Kevin Buchi /s/ Elizabeth Varki Jobes Director Elizabeth Varki Jobes 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , PCAOB ID F-2 Balance Sheets F-4 Statements of Operations F-5 Statements of Stockholders Equity F-6 Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern Uncertainty The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and cash used in operations that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Impairment Evaluation of Long-lived Assets and Right-of-use Asset As described in Note 2, the Company performs an evaluation on an annual basis, or sooner if management believes a triggering event has occurred, of the recoverability related to the carrying value of its long-lived assets to determine if facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of assets may be impaired and if any adjustment is warranted. The Company recorded impairment charges of 1.6 million and 0.3 million on its long-lived and ROU assets, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022. We identified the impairment evaluation of long-lived assets and right-of-use asset as a critical audit matter because of significant judgements made by management to estimate the fair value of the long-lived assets and right-of-use asset. This required a high degree of auditor judgement and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve internal valuation specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions. The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: Testing management s process for assessing impairment of long-lived assets, including the timing of the triggering events leading to the impairment. We corroborated key events through review of board minutes, external press releases, corroborating inquiries of management, and direct testing of the reduction in force. Utilizing our internal valuation specialist to assist in testing the methodologies and significant assumptions, including marketability of long-lived assets, and calculations of management s fair value estimates. Performing appropriate mathematical checks of supporting schedules related to the assumptions, data, methodology and models used in the valuation report, including the completeness and accuracy of the fixed asset detail used in impairment analysis, as well as the impairment adjustment and agreeing to general ledger. /s/ Moss Adams LLP Denver, Colorado March 27, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. Balance Sheets 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Fixed assets, net Right-of-use asset, net Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Lease liability-current portion Total current liabilities Lease liability-long-term Warrant derivative liability Asset retirement obligation Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 6 and Note 13) Stockholders equity Preferred Stock, par value ; shares authorized; none issued Common Stock, par value ; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding - as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. Statements of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating expenses Research and development General and administrative Long-lived assets impairment Right-of-use asset impairment Total operating expenses Other income Interest income Derivative gain Total other income Net loss ) ) Net loss per common share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. Statements of Stockholders Equity 

Additional Total Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of common stock for services Share-based compensation, net of forfeitures Stock options exercised, net Shares held back in settlement of tax obligation for shares issued in connection with restricted stock awards ) ) ) Warrants exercised, net Shares issued in connection with restricted stock awards Issuance of common stock in connection with the at-the-market equity offering program Issuance of common stock and warrants in connection with the registered direct offering Offering costs related to the issuance of common stock in connection with the at-the-market equity offering program ) ) Offering costs related to the issuance of common stock and warrants in connection with the registered direct offering ) ) Fair value related to the issuance of warrants in connection with the registered direct offering ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Share-based compensation, net of forfeitures Shares held back in settlement of tax obligation for shares issued in connection with restricted stock awards ) ) ) Offering costs related to the issuance of common stock and warrants in connection with the registered direct offering ) ) Restricted stock award forfeitures ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows used in operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Share-based compensation, net of forfeitures Restricted stock award compensation, forfeitures ) Issuance of common stock for services Depreciation and amortization Long-lived assets impairment Right-of-use asset impairment Accretion of asset retirement obligation Derivative gain ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses and other ) (Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Decrease in lease liability ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows used in investing activities Purchase of fixed assets ) Net cash used in investing activities ) Cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities Proceeds from sale of common stock in connection with the at-the-market equity offering program Costs related to sale of common stock in connection with the at-the-market equity offering program ) Proceeds from sale of common stock and warrants in connection with the registered direct offering Costs related to the sale of common stock and warrants in connection with the registered direct offering ) ) Proceeds from warrant and stock option exercises, net Funding of tax obligation relative to shares withheld in connection with restricted stock awards ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Non-cash transactions: Commercial insurance premium financing agreement Recognition of asset retirement obligation The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 AMPIO PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. Notes to Financial Statements -to-1 reverse stock split. The Company has retroactively applied the reverse stock split made effective on November 9, 2022 to share and per share amounts in the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Additionally, pursuant to their terms, a proportionate adjustment was made to the per share exercise price and number of shares issuable under all of the Company s outstanding options and warrants, and the number of shares authorized for issuance pursuant to the Company s equity incentive plans have been reduced proportionately, with any fractional shares rounded up to the next whole share. The Company also retroactively applied such adjustments in the notes to the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The reverse stock split did not reduce the number of authorized shares of common stock and preferred stock and did not alter the par value. in a deposit account at SVB. The balance of the Company s cash was held in an investment account that is not a deposit account and therefore, these amounts would not be impacted by the FDIC s receivership of SVB or subject to FDIC insurance limits. Following the joint statement by the U.S. Treasury, Federal Reserve and the FDIC on March 12, 2023, the Company regained access to all of its deposit account funds. The Company refined its cash management strategy in order to further mitigate the potential risk of loss associated with deposit accounts balances in excess of the FDIC insured amount. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 million and million on its long-lived and ROU assets, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022. impairment existed for long-lived or ROU assets at December 31, 2021. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 million, which is primarily attributable to operating expenses of million, partially offset by the non-cash derivative gain of million (see Note 8 and interest income of million. The Company used million of cash to fund business operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and ended the year with an accumulated deficit and stockholders equity of million and million, respectively. As a pre-revenue stage biopharmaceutical company, the Company has not generated any operating revenues or profits since inception. Based on current cash flow projections, management believes that additional capital will be required to fund the business subsequent to December 31, 2023. Our current projection which contemplates the completion of the preclinical studies for AR-300 and, depending on the data results, taking additional steps toward the filing of an IND reflects that we should have sufficient liquidity to fund operations through the fourth quarter 2023. This projection is based on many assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. As such, it is possible that we could exhaust our available cash and cash equivalents earlier than presently anticipated. Due to the current level of liquidity at December 31, 2022 and the projected shortfall to cover operating expenses requiring cash for a period of 12 months from the report date of the annual report, management has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Over this period, we have continued to be focused on research and pre-clinical / clinical drug development all of which has required raising a substantial amount of capital. Recently, we announced that we completed clinical trial reports for all legacy Ampion trials and submitted those reports to the appropriate agencies for review and ultimate publication on Clinical Trials.gov. In addition, we also informed the FDA that we have discontinued further development of the product and withdrawn the INDs. The combination of these activities concludes the development efforts on Ampion. In addition, we have continued to focus on reducing operating costs, including but not limited to, the reduction of personnel expense to correspond to the conclusion of development efforts relating to Ampion and have engaged a nationally recognized commercial real estate broker to assist with sublease of the existing office space. As previously stated, we are currently conducting preclinical studies to evaluate the safety and efficacy of AR-300 with the initial target for treatment of OAK. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 Deposits Professional fees Clinical trial inventory Other Total prepaid expenses and other Manufacturing facility/clean room - Lab equipment and office furniture - Fixed assets, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Fixed assets, net In accordance with ASC Topic 360, Property, Plant and Equipment, the Company assesses all of its long-lived assets for impairment when impairment indicators are identified. Based on the assessment at September 30, 2022, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment related to its long-lived assets which was triggered by the Company s announcement during the current reporting period that it was discontinuing further development of its lead pipeline asset, Ampion. The Company utilized a market valuation approach for determining the fair value of the ROU asset and a combination of the indirect cost approach and market approach for determining the fair value of the long-lived fixed assets. Based on this analysis, we concluded that the carrying value of the assets exceeded its undiscounted cash flows, and, as such, an impairment loss, calculated as the difference between carrying value and fair value, was deemed necessary. Accordingly, the Company recorded a million impairment loss during the third quarter of 2022 as a direct reduction to the cost basis of the affected assets. Depreciation expense as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 Clinical trials Professional fees Commercial insurance premium financing Accrued severance Accrued compensation Other Accounts payable and accrued expenses Commercial Insurance Premium Financing Agreement In June 2022, the Company entered into an insurance premium financing agreement for million, with a term of and an annual interest rate of and made a down payment of . Under the terms and provisions of the agreement, the Company is required to make principal and interest payments totaling per month over the remaining term of the agreement. The outstanding obligation of as of December 31, 2022 was paid in full in February 2023. million. The contractual provisions required a retainer of , which was applied to study expenses as further defined by the contract. The Company entered into change orders to the initial contract in February 2022 totaling million and April 2022 totaling million which reflected the final costs to close out the study. The Company had an outstanding future contractual commitment of (net of the deposit) as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, trial activities and related services have been completed and, as such, there is commitment for future services. Inhaled treatment for COVID-19 patients AP-018 study and AP-019 study In March 2021, the Company entered into a contract with a CRO totaling in reference to a Phase 1 study for at-home treatment utilizing inhaled Ampion to treat patients with Long-COVID, or prolonged respiratory symptoms due to COVID-19 (the AP-018 study ). Subsequent to March 2021, the Company agreed to a contractual amendment totaling resulting in a total contractual commitment of million. As of December 31, 2022, trial activities and related services have been completed and, as such, there is commitment for future services. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 million in reference to a multicenter Phase 2 clinical trial, using inhaled Ampion in the treatment of respiratory distress due to COVID-19 (the AP-019 study ). The contractual amount was subsequently amended by million resulting in a total contractual commitment of million. The AP-019 study has been completed as of December 31, 2022 and, as such, there is commitment for future services. Intravenous IV treatment for COVID-19 patients AP-017 study In December 2020, the Company entered into a contract with a CRO totaling million in reference to a multicenter Phase 2 clinical trial utilizing IV Ampion in the treatment of patients with COVID-19 requiring oxygen supplementation (the AP-017 study ). The Company stopped the trial after an interim analysis which reflected enrollment of subjects and resulted in a favorable net contractual adjustment and revised contractual commitment of million and million, respectively. The AP-017 study was completed as of December 31, 2022 and, as such, there is commitment for future services. Employment Agreements As of December 31, 2022, the Company is a party to an employment agreement dated October 11, 2021 with Daniel Stokely to serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer with a term ending in October 2024 and at an initial base salary of . On August 30, 2022, the Company amended the existing employment agreement, originally dated November 22, 2021 that specified an initial base salary of , with Michael A. Martino to serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The employment term was extended to November 22, 2023. All other terms and conditions of Mr. Martino s employment agreement remain unchanged. Under these employment agreements, each executive is entitled to a severance payment in the event the Company terminates employee s employment without cause, or employee terminates his employment with good reason. Related Party Research Agreements On February 4, 2022, the Company entered into a sponsored research services agreement with Trauma Research, LLC, an entity owned by one of the Company s former directors. The agreement totaled for research activities to be performed over the next . In addition, the Company also entered into a personal services agreement dated February 4, 2022 with that individual to provide research services. The agreement totaled and was to be paid in equal installments payable quarterly over the term. On August 5, 2022, the Company delivered notice of termination of the personal services agreement, effective September 5, 2022 and during September paid the remaining obligation of . On August 5, 2022, the Company delivered notice of termination of the research services agreement, effective November 4, 2022, and paid the remaining obligation of . Facility Lease In December 2013, the Company entered into a non-cancellable operating lease for office space and a manufacturing facility, set to expire September 2024 with the right to renew for an additional . The effective date of the lease was May 1, 2014. The initial base rent of the lease was per month. The total base rent over the term of the lease is approximately million, which includes rent abatements and leasehold incentives. In accordance with the provisions of the lease agreement, the Company is legally obligated to dismantle and remove certain components of leasehold improvements at the end of the lease term. (See also Note 15 .) In accordance with FASB ASC 410-20, Asset Retirement Obligations, the Company recognized the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation in the amount of million which was capitalized as part of the cost of leasehold improvements. The Company adopted the FASB issued ASC 842, Leases (Topic 842) effective January 1, 2019. With the adoption of ASC 842, the Company recorded an operating right-of-use ROU asset and an operating lease liability on its balance sheet. The ROU asset represents the Company s right to use the underlying asset for the lease term and the lease 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 , based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of the lease payments. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, subject to any changes in the lease or expectations regarding the terms. The lease liability is classified as both current in part and long-term on the balance sheet. Less: Discount Adjustment ) Total lease liability Lease liability-current portion Long-term lease liability The Company reviews the potential for impairment of the ROU asset consistent with the approach applied to other long-lived assets. ROU assets are reviewed for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is recorded for the excess of the asset s carrying amount over its fair value. Accordingly, the Company recorded a million impairment loss on the right-of-use asset, recorded in operating expenses and against the ROU asset, during the year ended December 31, 2022. The following table provides a reconciliation of the Company s remaining ROU asset for its facility lease presented in the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022: Amortization ) Impairment loss ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 The Company recorded lease expense in the respective periods is as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Lease expense 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 million equity-classified warrants and million liability-classified warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Warrants expired ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 The following table summarizes the Company s outstanding warrants between placement agent and investor warrant classifications: Investor August 2018 public offering Investor June 2019 public offering Placement agent Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 In connection with the December 2021 registered direct offering, the Company issued investor warrants to purchase an aggregate of million shares of common stock at an exercise price of with a term of and are immediately exercisable (see Note 9 ). Due to certain derivative features, these warrants were accounted for under liability accounting and are recorded at fair value each reporting period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, these warrants had a fair value of and million, respectively. The assumptions, using the Black-Scholes valuation model as of December 31, 2022, and at issuance were as follows: Volatility Equivalent term (years) Risk-free interest rate Number of warrants Derivative liability In connection with the August 2018 confidentially marketed public offering, the Company issued investor warrants to purchase an aggregate of million shares of common stock at an exercise price of with a term of . Due to certain derivative features, these warrants were accounted for under liability accounting and are recorded at fair value each reporting period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, these warrants had a fair value of approximately and , respectively. The assumptions, using the Black-Scholes valuation model, as of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and at issuance were as follows: 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 Volatility Equivalent term (years) Risk-free interest rate Number of warrants Derivative liability - In connection with the June 2017 registered direct offering, the Company issued investor warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of with a term of . Due to certain derivative features, these warrants are accounted for under liability accounting and are recorded at fair value each reporting period. The investor warrants expired on June 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, these warrants had a fair value of . Significant assumptions as of December 31, 2021 were as follows: Volatility Equivalent term (years) Risk-free interest rate Number of warrants Derivative liability There were no issuances or exercises of warrants during the year ended December 31, 2022. The total value for the warrant derivative liability as of December 31, 2022 was approximately (see Note 8 ). During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock as a result of the exercise of investor warrants with an exercise price of . The Company received proceeds of during the period related to these investor warrant exercises. In addition, former placement agents elected to exercise of their warrants utilizing the net exercise option, where the total number of shares of common stock issued was reduced to cover the exercise price and, as such, the Company issued shares of common stock. The Company did not receive any cash related to the exercise of placement agent warrants. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 December 31, 2021 Liabilities: Warrant derivative liability The recurring warrant derivative liability was valued using the Black-Scholes valuation methodology because that model embodies all the relevant assumptions that address the features underlying these instruments. The significant assumptions in valuing the warrant derivative liability as of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and at issuance are disclosed in Note 7 . Change in fair value ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 million authorized shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following table summarizes the Company s remaining authorized shares available for future issuance: 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 Common stock outstanding Options outstanding Warrants outstanding Reserved for issuance under 2019 Stock and Incentive Plan Available shares for future issuance Registered Direct Offering In December 2021, the Company completed a registered direct offering whereby it issued million shares of its common stock at a price of per share, along with investor warrants to purchase up to million shares of common stock, generating gross proceeds of million. In connection with this offering, the Company entered into a Placement Agent Agreement with the placement agent. Pursuant to the Placement Agent Agreement, the placement agent received a commission of million, and as compensation for other costs related to the offering. The Company also incurred expenses related to legal, accounting, and other registration costs of . The shares and warrants were offered and sold pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement. The investor warrants issued in connection with the registered direct offering have an exercise price of per share and are immediately exercisable with a term of from issuance. Based on the terms of the warrant and related securities law, the contract does not meet the criteria within Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging to permit the company to settle in unregistered shares. Therefore, the Company could be forced to cash settle the warrants. Based on this derivative feature, these warrants must be accounted for as a liability at fair value under ASC 815. On the date of issuance, these warrants were valued at million, using the Black-Scholes valuation model (see Note 7 and represents a reduction in additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. ATM Equity Offering Program Sales Agreement In February 2020, the Company entered into a Sales Agreement with agents to implement an at the market (ATM) equity offering program under which the Company, from time to time and at its sole discretion, may offer and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price up to million to the public through the agents until (i) each agent declines to accept the terms for any reason, (ii) the entire amount of shares has been sold, or (iii) the Company suspends or terminates the Sales Agreement. The Sales Agreement includes customary indemnification rights in favor of the agents and provides that the agents will be entitled to an aggregate fixed commission of of the gross proceeds to each agent) to the Company from any shares sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement. Due to its terms and conditions, the Company does not anticipate any sales of stock under the Sales Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had no activity under the ATM equity offering program. During December 31, 2021, the Company sold shares of common stock which resulted in net proceeds of million after deducting million for placement agent commissions and issuance costs. Issuance of Common Stock for Services The Company issued shares of common stock under the Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2019 Stock and Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ), valued at , as partial compensation for the services of non-employee directors, during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did t issue any shares of common stock as partial compensation for the services of non-employee directors. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 million shares to be reserved for issuance under the 2019 Plan, which was reduced to shares as a result of the -to-1 reverse stock split effective November 9, 2022. The Company s previous 2010 Stock and Incentive Plan (the 2010 Plan was cancelled concurrently with the adoption of the 2019 Plan. Options granted ) Forfeited, expired and/or cancelled equity option awards Forfeited, expired and/or cancelled equity restricted stock awards Shares forfeited to settle exercise price and tax obligation Remaining shares available for future equity awards as of December 31, 2022 Options The Company s stock option activity is summarized in the table below: Granted Forfeited, expired and/or cancelled ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 Outstanding options that were issued in accordance with the 2010 Plan and 2019 Plan are summarized in the table below: 2019 Plan Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 Stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022 are summarized in the table below: - - and above Total Restricted Stock Awards In connection with the executive employment agreements issued in October 2021, the Company awarded shares of restricted stock in accordance with the 2019 Plan, of which a portion vested immediately, with the remaining shares of restricted stock awards vesting annually on January 1st until 2025. The 2019 Plan allows the restricted stock award grantee to authorize the Company to withhold shares of common stock to settle the tax obligation at such time the shares vest. The shares of restricted stock that vested immediately were subject to statutory tax withholdings and all employees authorized the Company to withhold shares of common stock to settle the tax obligation, which resulted in a forfeiture of shares of common stock, due to the termination of two executives during 2022, and net shares of common stock being issued during the year ended December 31, 2022. The restricted stock awards activity for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 is summarized in the table below: Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested as of December 31, 2022 Share-based Compensation The Company computes the fair value for all options granted or modified using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. To calculate the fair value of the options, certain assumptions are made regarding components of the model, including the fair value of the underlying common stock, risk-free interest rate, volatility, expected dividend yield and expected option life. Changes to the assumptions could cause significant adjustments to the valuation. The Company calculates its volatility assumption using the actual changes in the market value of its stock. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur. The Company s historical option exercises do not provide a reasonable basis to estimate an expected term due to the lack of sufficient data. Therefore, the Company estimates the expected term by using the simplified method. The simplified method calculates the expected term as the average of the vesting term plus the contractual life of the options. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant for treasury securities of similar 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 - - Risk free interest rate - - Expected term (years) - - Based on these assumptions, the Company recognized approximately million of share-based compensation related to options, which was partially offset by million due to reversals for non-vested shares for director and employee forfeitures during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company also computes the fair value for all restricted stock awards based on the closing stock price on the grant date and recognizes share-based compensation ratably over the requisite service period which approximates the vesting period. The Company recognized million of share-based compensation relating to restricted stock awards which was fully offset by million due to forfeitures. Share-based compensation expense related to the fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards is included in the statements of operations as research and development expenses and general and administrative expenses as set forth in the table below. The Company determined the fair value as of the date of grant for options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and expenses the fair value ratably over the vesting period. The following table summarizes stock-based compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: General and administrative expenses Issuance of common stock for services (see Note 9 Share-based compensation, net of forfeitures Total share-based compensation, net of forfeitures Unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to stock options as of December 31, 2022 Weighted average remaining years to vest for stock options Unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to restricted stock awards as of December 31, 2022 Weighted average remaining years to vest for restricted stock awards 
 F-21 

Table of Contents) ) State, net of federal income tax impact ) ) Stock-based compensation Registered offering gain/warrant expense ) ) Change in state deferred tax rate Expiration of tax attribute carryforwards Other Change in valuation allowance Effective tax rate Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences in the recognition of certain items for income tax and financial reporting purposes. The approximate tax effects of significant temporary differences which comprise the deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows for the respective periods: Interest expense carryforward ROU asset ) ) Lease liability Net operating loss carryforward Share-based compensation Unrealized loss on trading security Property and equipment Warrants Capitalized development costs Asset retirement obligation Other Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Total long-term deferred income tax assets (liabilities) As of December 31, 2022, Ampio has approximately million in net operating loss NOL carryforwards that, subject to limitation, may be available in future tax years to offset taxable income. These net operating loss carryforwards expire from 2023 through 2037. Approximately million of the NOL carryforward carries forward indefinitely. Under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, substantial changes in the Company s ownership may result in limitations on the amount of NOL carryforwards that can be utilized in future years. The Company has provided a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as it has determined that it is not more likely than not that recognition of such deferred tax assets will be utilized in the foreseeable future. The amount of income taxes and related income tax positions taken are subject to audits by federal and state tax authorities. The Company has adopted accounting guidance for uncertain tax positions which provides that in order to recognize an uncertain tax benefit, the taxpayer must be more likely than not of sustaining the position, and the measurement of the benefit is calculated as the largest amount that is more than likely to be realized upon recognition of the benefit. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents) ) Less: decrease in fair value of investor warrants ) ) Net loss available to common stockholders ) ) Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding Add: dilutive effect of equity instruments Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding Earnings per share basic ) ) Earnings per share diluted ) ) The potentially dilutive shares of common stock equivalents that have been excluded from the calculation of net loss per share because of the anti-dilutive effect as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Outstanding stock options Restricted stock awards Total potentially dilutive shares of common stock 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 former executives, Michael Macaluso and Holli Cherevka, in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado, captioned Kain v. Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc., et al. , 22-cv-2105. The Complaint alleges that Ampio and the individual defendants made various false and misleading statements regarding the efficacy, clinical trials and FDA communications relating to Ampio s lead product, Ampion, and its treatment of severe osteoarthritis of the knee in violation of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The Complaint also asserts control person liability against the individual defendants under Section 20 of the Exchange Act. The Complaint relies largely on Ampio s announcement on May 16, 2022, that it had formed a special Board committee to investigate the statistical analysis of Ampio s AP-013 clinical trial and the unauthorized provision of Ampion to various individuals who were not participating in clinical trials, and Ampio s further announcement on August 3, 2022, that the investigation had revealed that various employees were aware that the AP-013 trial did not demonstrate efficacy for Ampion s primary endpoints and did not fully and timely report the results of the trial and the timing of unblinding data from the trial. Based on the Company s reports, the Complaint asserts that various statements made by the Company during the Class Period were false and misleading because they: (i) inflated Ampio s ability to successfully obtain FDA approval for Ampion; (ii) inflated the results of the AP-013 clinical trial and failed to disclose the timing of unblinding the data from the study; and (iii) overstated the Company s business, operations and prospects. The Complaint seeks an unspecified amount of compensatory damages as well as attorneys fees and costs. On October 17, 2022, putative shareholders filed motions seeking to be named lead plaintiff. On November 7, 2022, of the movants filed oppositions to each other s motions; the remaining movants either withdrew their motions or filed non-oppositions to another putative shareholder s motion. The Court has not yet ruled on the competing motions for appointment of lead plaintiff. In the interim, the Court approved the parties joint motion to stay proceedings, and all deadlines are deferred until after a decision on the lead plaintiff motion(s). Ampio intends to defend itself vigorously against this action. Maresca v. Martino, et al., 22-cv-2646-KLM On October 7, 2022, putative Ampio shareholder Robert Maresca filed a Verified Shareholder Derivative Complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado, captioned Maresca v. Martino, et al. , 22-cv-2646-KLM. The derivative complaint, brought on behalf of the Company, asserts claims against a number of current and former executives and directors of the Company, namely Michael A. Martino, Michael Macaluso, Holli Cherevka, David Bar-Or, David Stevens, J. Kevin Buchi, Philip H. Coelho and Richard B. Giles. Based largely on the same allegations as the Kain securities fraud class action complaint (including Ampio s reports in May and August, 2022, regarding its internal investigation and findings), the Complaint asserts that the individual defendants caused the Company to make false or misleading statements in its SEC filings by hyp[ing Ampio s] ability to successfully file a BLA for Ampion; exaggerate[ing] results of the AP-013 study; misstat[ing] the true timing of unblinding of data from the AP-013 study; and fail[ing] to maintain internal controls. The Complaint also asserts that the defendants failed to exercise due care and comply with the Company s policies and procedures designed to ensure Board and Audit Committee oversight of the business operations and that ethical business practices were maintained. It also contends that of the defendants (Cherevka and Coelho) sold Company stock while in possession of material non-public information at artificially inflated prices in violation of the Company s insider trading restrictions. The Complaint asserts that the individuals should not have received compensation while violating their duties to the 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 causes of action on behalf of the Company and against the individual defendants: (1) violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act based on purportedly false and misleading statements in the Company s proxy statements; (2) violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder; (3) control person liability under Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act; (4) breach of fiduciary duty; (5) unjust enrichment; and (6) waste of corporate assets. The Complaint seeks an unspecified amount of compensatory and restitution damages to be paid to Ampio, together with pre- and post-judgment interest, as well as injunctive relief imposing certain corporate governance reforms and attorneys fees and costs. On November 2, 2022, the Company and plaintiff (together with plaintiff in a second derivative action -- the Marquis action, discussed below) filed a joint motion to consolidate the derivative actions and appoint the lawyers representing the plaintiffs as co-lead counsel. That same day, the Company and plaintiff filed a stipulation providing the Company additional time to answer, move or otherwise respond to the Complaint. On January 10, 2023, after the Company received additional extensions of time to respond, the Court granted consolidation of the Maresca and Marquis actions but denied appointment of co-lead counsel for plaintiffs without prejudice. On January 11, 2023, Plaintiffs renewed their motion for appointment of co-lead counsel. On January 12, 2023, the Court granted the renewed motion and appointed co-lead counsel for plaintiffs. On January 17, 2023, the parties filed a joint stipulated motion seeking a temporary stay of the consolidated derivative actions, subject to various conditions, until the earlier of: (1) the dismissal of the Kain action; (2) a defendant filing an answer in the Kain action; or (3) another derivative action being filed that is not stayed for the same duration. On January 25, 2023, the Court granted the motion for temporary stay. Accordingly, all deadlines are deferred until the stay is terminated. Ampio intends to defend itself vigorously against this action. Marquis v. Martino, et al., 22-cv-2803-KLM On October 25, 2022, putative shareholder Samantha Marquis filed a derivative complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado, captioned Marquis v. Martino, et al., 22-cv-2803-KLM. The Complaint, filed on behalf of Ampio, asserts that various current and former officers and directors of Ampio namely, Michael Martino, Michael Macaluso, Holli Cherevka, David Bar-Or, David Stevens, Kevin Buchi, Philip Coelho, and Richard Giles, breached their fiduciary duties as directors and/or officers and violated Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act by causing the Company to file false and misleading proxy statements. The Complaint focuses on the Company s alleged failure to timely report that the results of the AP-013 trial for Ampion were unfavorable, failing to show efficacy on the co-primary endpoints of pain and function, and the Company s alleged failure to disclose the results of and timing of unblinding the study data. The Complaint asserts that the individual defendants breached their fiduciary duties by making or causing the Company to make materially false and misleading statements regarding Ampio s business, operations and prospects and by failing to maintain adequate internal controls. Based on these allegations, the Complaint asserts causes of action on behalf of the Company: (1) violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act against all defendants other than Cherevka; and (2) breach of fiduciary duty against all defendants. Based on these claims, the Complaint seeks judgment in favor of the Company and against the individual defendants in an unspecified amount of compensatory and restitution damages, together with pre- and post-judgment interest and costs of the action including reasonable attorneys and experts fees as well as a mandatory injunction requiring Ampio and the defendants to reform and improve the corporate governance and internal controls of the Company. On November 2, 2022, the Company and plaintiff (together with plaintiff in the previously filed Maresca action, discussed above) filed a joint motion to consolidate the derivative actions and appoint the lawyers representing the plaintiffs as co-lead counsel. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 matching employee contributions during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 F-27 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ampe-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-237723) and Form S-8 (No. 333-235853) of Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company ), of our report dated March 27, 2023, relating to the financial statements of the Company (which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph relating to a going concern uncertainty), appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Moss Adams LLP Denver, Colorado March 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ampe-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Michael A. Martino, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Michael A. Martino Michael A. Martino Chief Executive Officer Date: March 27, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ampe-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Daniel G. Stokely, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. /s/ Daniel G. Stokely Daniel G. Stokely Chief Financial Officer and Secretary Date: March 27, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ampe-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company, certifies to his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 906), the following: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report. 

/s/ Michael A. Martino Michael A. Martino Chief Executive Officer /s/ Daniel G. Stokely Daniel G. Stokely Chief Financial Officer and Secretary Date: March 27, 2023 
 This certification accompanies the annual report on Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and will be retained by Ampio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ampe-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ampe-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ampe-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ampe-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

