<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1615063_0001493152-23-007974.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16281654</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>463182</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2349834</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7211245</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2540308</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3199587</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007974.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316172308
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007974
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		148
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Inspired Entertainment, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001615063
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				471025534
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36689
		FILM NUMBER:		23739860

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 WEST 57TH STREET, SUITE 415
		CITY:			NEW YORK,
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646) 565-3861

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 WEST 57TH STREET, SUITE 415
		CITY:			NEW YORK,
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10107

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140728

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007974.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____ to _____ 

COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

, 

 , 

(Address,
including zip code, of principal executive offices 

 and
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market
 LLC 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Date File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of the chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 
 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 126-2 of the act): Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed to be affiliates of
the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price for the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022, the last business
day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market, was approximately
 million. For the purpose of this disclosure, executive officers, directors and holders of 10 or more of the registrant s
common stock are considered to be affiliates of the registrant. 

As
of March 13, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 16 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 34 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 Properties 
 
 35 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 35 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 35 

PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 Reserved 
 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 58 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 59 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 59 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 59 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 63 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 63 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 64 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 64 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 64 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 64 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 64 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 64 
 
 ITEM
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 65 

SIGNATURES 
 
 69 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain
statements and other information set forth in this report, including in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere herein, may relate to future events and expectations, and as such
constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ), and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Our forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our business strategy, plans and objectives and our expected or contemplated
future operations, results, financial condition, beliefs and intentions. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations or predictions of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions on which such statements
are expressly or implicitly based, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate , believe , continue ,
 can , could , estimate , expect , intend , may , might ,
 plan , possible , potential , predict , project , scheduled ,
 seek , should , would and similar expressions, among others, and negatives expressions including
such words, may identify forward-looking statements. 

Our
forward-looking statements reflect our current expectations about our future results, performance, liquidity, financial condition, prospects
and opportunities, and are based upon information currently available to us, our interpretation of what we believe to be significant
factors affecting our business and many assumptions regarding future events. Actual results, performance, liquidity, financial condition,
prospects and opportunities could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements. This could
occur as a result of various risks and uncertainties, including the following : 

government regulation of
 our industries; 

our ability to compete
 effectively in our industries; 

the effect of evolving
 technology on our business; 

our ability to renew long-term
 contracts and retain customers, and secure new contracts and customers; 

our ability to maintain
 relationships with suppliers; 

our ability to protect
 our intellectual property; 

our ability to protect
 our business against cybersecurity threats; 

our ability to successfully
 grow by acquisition as well as organically; 

fluctuations due to seasonality; 

our ability to attract
 and retain key members of our management team; 

our need for working capital; 

our ability to secure capital
 for growth and expansion; 

changing consumer, technology
 and other trends in our industries; 

our ability to successfully
 operate across multiple jurisdictions and markets around the world; 

changes in local, regional
 and global economic and political conditions; and 

other factors. 

In
light of these risks and uncertainties, and others discussed in this report, there can be no assurance that any matters covered by our
forward-looking statements will develop as predicted, expected or implied. Readers should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements. Except as expressly required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason. We advise
you to carefully review the reports and documents we file from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

Inspired
Entertainment, Inc. (the Company , Inspired , we or us is a global gaming technology
company, supplying content, platform and other products and services to online and land-based regulated lottery, betting and gaming operators
worldwide through a broad range of distribution channels, predominantly on a business-to-business basis. We provide end-to-end digital
gaming solutions (i) on our own proprietary and secure network, which accommodates a wide range of devices, including land-based gaming
machine terminals, mobile devices and online computer applications and (ii) through third party networks. Our content and other products
can be found through the consumer-facing portals of our interactive customers and, through our land-based customers, in licensed betting
offices, adult gaming centers, pubs, bingo halls, airports, motorway service areas and leisure parks. 

Our customer base includes regulated operators of lotteries, licensed sports
bookmakers, gaming and bingo halls, casinos and regulated online operators, adult gaming centers, pubs, holiday parks, and motorway service
areas. Some of our key customers include William Hill, SNAI, Sisal, Lottomatica, Betfred, Paddy Power, Betfair, Genting, bet365, Sky Bet,
Fortuna, the Greek Organisation of Football Prognostics S.A. (OPAP.), Entain, the Pennsylvania Lottery, Bourne Leisure, Greentube, Stonegate,
Mitchells Butler, Marstons, Greene King, JD Wetherspoon, Parkdean Resort, Centre Parcs Resorts and Novomatic. Geographically, 73 
of our revenues (excluding VAT-related revenue) for the year ended December 31, 2022 were generated from our UK operations, with the remainder
generated from Greece and the rest of the world. Our products are designed to operate within applicable gaming and lottery regulations
and our customers are regulated gaming or lottery operators or are otherwise licensed to operate our products. 

We
conduct business across different jurisdictions of which Great Britain, Italy and Greece have historically contributed the most significant
recurring revenues. Recently we have begun to conduct a meaningful amount of business in North America as well. We are licensed or certified
(as applicable) by the Gambling Commission in the United Kingdom, and by the Hellenic Gaming Commission in Greece, and registered with
L Agenzia delle dogane e dei Monopoli ADM in Italy. We are licensed by regulators in other jurisdictions such as
the Malta Gaming Authority, Licensing Authority of Gibraltar, the Alderney Gambling Control Commission, the Belgian Commission, Autorit 
Des March s Financiers (Quebec), the Romanian National Gambling Office, Oficiul National pentru Jocuri de Noroc and we hold licenses
with the US States of Connecticut, Illinois, Michigan,, New Jersey, Oregon, Pennsylvania, West Virginia and the Canadian provinces of
Alberta, Nova Scotia, Ontario and Saskatchewan. 

1 

We
are headquartered in the United States, with principal operating facilities located in the United Kingdom, India and Italy. As of December
31, 2022, we had approximately 1,600 employees, approximately 1,500 of which were full-time. We generated total revenue of
 285.4 million and Adjusted EBITDA of 99.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
Company is publicly listed on the NASDAQ and had an equity market capitalization of approximately 328.27 million as of December 31,
2022 (based upon a closing stock price of 12.67 on December 30, 2022). 

Certain
product and company names referred to herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. 

Our
Products 

We
operate in four business segments: Gaming, Virtual Sports, Interactive and Leisure, as further described below. 

Gaming
Segment 

Our
Gaming segment supplies gaming terminals as well as gaming software and games for the terminals provided to betting offices, casinos,
gaming halls and high street adult gaming centers. It utilizes our Server Based Gaming SBG technology to supply products
to our customers global land-based gaming venues. SBG products offer an extensive portfolio of games through digital terminals.
Our games are currently deployed through more than 35,000 digital terminals. Because our SBG products are fully digital, they interact
with a central server and are provided on a distributed basis, which allows us to access a wide geographic footprint through
internet and proprietary networks. 

Our
SBG game portfolio includes a broad selection of popular omni-channel slots titles including the Centurion TM game family and
Super Hot Fruits (featuring the Sizzling Hot Spins TM game family). These games offer customers a wide range of
volatilities, return-to-player and other special features, which we collectively refer to as game math. We also offer a
range of more traditional casino games through our SBG network, such as roulette, blackjack and numbers games. 

We
distribute games to devices through different game management systems GMS ), each tailored to a specific operator or sector.
Our CORE TM GMS is designed for distributed street-gaming sectors and uses Inspired cabinets in combination with gaming content
from Inspired, as well as a wide portfolio of content from independent game developers. CORE-CONNECT is our American Gaming Association
G2S standard-based VLT GMS, currently deployed in the Greek VLT sector and North America. Our SBG products comply with all requirements
in the UK (B2/B3), Italy (6B), Greece (G2S) and Illinois (G2S). 

Our
SBG terminals in the United Kingdom account for a material portion of all SBG terminal placements, and we offer over 100 games for play
across this portfolio. We are also a material supplier to customers in Greece and Italy. Over the past two years, we have grown our business
in North America where we have sold products in Illinois and to the Western Canada Lottery Corporation. We offer SBG terminals such as
the Flex4k curved screen, Vantage , Eclipse TM , Valor TM , Prismatic TM and Sabre Hydra TM ,
each offering a different size terminal, graphics, technology and price proposition. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a total installed base of 35,003 units, which were operated primarily under participation-based contracts.
We generate revenue by participating, typically as a function of gross revenue from each machine, in a percentage of volumes generated
by these machines. Because we participate in our customers revenues under such contracts, we are aligned with our customers in
benefitting from the introduction of our new content, which can drive growth of the win per unit per day of our installed base. Additionally,
we earn revenue through the sale of units, as well as receiving a fixed daily fee for some of our installed units. During 2022, we sold
2,927 units, 53 of these in the UK and 47 internationally. With our participation-driven business model, approximately 96 of service
revenue for our Gaming segment was recurring in nature in 2022 (excluding 2.0 million of performance bonus revenue and 1.0 million
of VAT-related revenue) and derived under long-term contracts. We have successfully renewed contracts with our three largest customers
in the UK LBO market. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our Gaming segment generated revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of 111.7 million and 41.6 million, respectively
(excluding VAT related income), as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, during which we generated 81.4 million and 26.1 million
in revenue and Adjusted EBITDA, respectively (excluding VAT related income). 

2 

Virtual
Sports Segment 

Our
Virtual Sports business designs, develops, markets and distributes ultra-high-definition games that create an always-on sports wagering
experience in betting shops, other locations and online. Our Virtual Sports product comprises a complex software and networking package
that provides fixed odds wagering on an ultra-high definition computer rendering of a simulated sporting event, such as soccer, football
or basketball. Players can bet on the simulated sporting event, overcoming the relative infrequency of live sporting events. We have
developed this product using an award-winning TV and film graphics team with advanced motion capture techniques. 

We
believe we are one of the most innovative suppliers of Virtual Sports gaming products in the world. We offer a wide range of sports and
numbers games to approximately 32,000 retail venues as well as through various online websites. Our products are installed in over 20
gaming jurisdictions worldwide, including the UK, Italy, Greece, Turkey, Morocco, and the U.S. 

Our
Virtual Sports game portfolio includes titles such as V-Play Soccer TM , V-Play Women s Soccer TM , V-Play
Football TM , V-Play Basketball TM , V-Play Baseball TM , and V-Play NFLA TM , as well as
greyhounds, other horse racing products, tennis, motor racing, cycling, cricket, speedway, golf and darts. We have also licensed the
use of images of certain sports brands in our games, including with the NFL Alumni. In 2021, we entered into an exclusive licensing
agreement with the Major League Baseball Players Alumni Association to create and license a new V-Play Home Run Shoot-out Legends TM 
virtual baseball product. 

Our
customers are many of the largest operators in lottery, gaming and betting worldwide. We are contracted to supply Virtual Sports to mobile
and online operators in the United Kingdom; the U.S. states of Nevada, Pennsylvania, D.C. and New Jersey; Gibraltar and other regulated
EU sectors, including Italy, Greece and Poland; and other jurisdictions such as Ontario, Turkey and Morocco. Virtual Sports can be adapted
to function in sports betting, lottery, or gaming environments and is therefore available to a wide range of customers in both public
and private implementations. 

The
Virtual Sports events are capable of being offered to millions of customers, through retail, online and mobile platforms, many of them
available 24 hours per day, 7 days per week, and often concurrently within the same location or interactive platform. We have multiple
hosting solutions capable of fulfilling the product delivery needs of our customers including our proprietary Virtual Plug and Play end
to end online and mobile turnkey solutions. In addition, a cloud-based solution is available to customers who require an XML sportsbook
integration that is fully hosted and operated by Inspired. 

Our
Virtual Sports products are typically offered to operators on a participation basis, whereby we receive a portion of the gaming revenues
generated, plus an upfront software license fee. With our participation-driven business model, our Virtual Sports segment produces approximately
99 of total revenue on a recurring basis under long-term contracts for which our standard term is three years in duration. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our Virtual Sports segment generated revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of 55.1 million and 46.3 million,
respectively, as compared to the year ended December 31 2021, during which we generated 36.0 million and 28.4 million in revenue and
Adjusted EBITDA, respectively. Virtual Sports revenue generated through online and mobile channels has increased from 26.1 million in
2021 to 43.4 million in 2022. 

3 

Interactive
Segment 

Our
Interactive business uses unique interactive-only content as well as offerings from our Gaming and Virtual Sports segments to create
games that are hosted on remote gaming servers to allow online gaming operators to use our games and content online and on mobile devices
worldwide. Our interactive content includes a wide range of premium random number generated casino content from feature-rich bonus games
to European-style casino free spins and table games incorporating well-known first and third-party brands including Space Invaders ,
20p Roulette TM , Jagr s Super Slot TM , Super Hot Fruits and Reel King Megaways TM . Inspired
releases several new titles per month and new games can be seamlessly deployed to the full estate of operators and aggregators through
its proprietary Virgo RGS . Games are available on over 300 websites across much of regulated Europe including the UK, Gibraltar,
Malta, Spain, Sweden, Italy, Germany, the Netherlands, Romania, Greece and Belgium as well as in New Jersey, Michigan, Pennsylvania,
Connecticut, Ontario and Quebec. We expect to next go live in West Virginia and Alberta during 2023. 

Inspired s
Virgo RGS is integrated with a number of best known casino brands, including William Hill, Entain, bet365, Flutter, 888, Kindred,
Gamesys, BetFred, Rank, Leo Vegas, OPAP and Stoiximan. We are also now live with thirteen North American operators: Bet MGM, Draft Kings,
Caesars, Resorts/Mohegan, Rush Street Interactive, Wynn, Unibet, Ballys, Tipico, Ocean, 888 and Golden Nugget and with Loto Quebec in
Canada. 

Our
Interactive products are typically offered to operators on a participation basis, whereby we receive a percentage of total amount of
stakes wagered or a percentage of net gaming revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our Interactive segment generated revenue
and Adjusted EBITDA of 23.1 million and 12.3 million, respectively. With our participation-driven business model, approximately 100 
of revenue for our Interactive segment is recurring in nature and derived under long-term contracts for which our standard term is three
years in duration. We have successfully renewed all of our key Interactive contracts expiring over the last three years. We believe the
COVID-19 global pandemic accelerated the market adoption of interactive gaming by end-users, and that our EBITDA margins in this segment
will expand as our revenue grows due to the low variable costs we expect to incur on incremental revenue, versus our existing base of
revenue. 

4 

Leisure
Segment 

We
are a supplier of gaming terminals and amusement machines to the Leisure and Hospitality sectors and one of the largest operators of
 pay to play gaming terminals and amusement machines in the UK. As of December 31, 2022, we supplied and operated over 11,000
gaming terminals and 4,500 pool tables, prize vending and jukeboxes located in pubs, bingo halls, and adult gaming centers. We also service
approximately 2,800 gaming terminals under maintenance only contracts. The increasing majority of gaming terminals we operate are server
based, allowing us to distribute content supplied by our in house design studios as well as some of the most popular content
titles from our strategic partners. 

In
addition, we also supply and operate approximately 9,500 amusement machines and 2,200 gaming terminals in family entertainment centers
and adult gaming centers located in holiday parks, bowling centers and other entertainment venues. These include virtual reality simulators
and arcade games, redemption and skill with prize games, basketball, air hockey and cue sports. Commercial arrangements are typically
structured as either revenue participations or rental agreements. 

Our
customers in this segment include the vast majority of recognizable brands that participate in the geographies and sectors in which we
operate. These customers include large pub operators JD Wetherspoons, Stonegate Pub Company, Greene King, Mitchells and Butler, Whitbread
Marstons and Admiral Taverns. In the Bingo sector, we supply gaming terminals and services to Buzz Bingo and Mecca. We supply gaming
terminals and services to transport hub operators, Moto and Welcome Break and major airports, including Heathrow. We also operate our
own adult gaming centers under the Quicksilver TM brand in Extra Motorway Services. We have joint venture agreements with holiday
park operators including Parkdean Resorts, Bourne Leisure and Butlins, where we supply machines and trained staff to manage and operate
family entertainment centers. 

Overall,
our Leisure segment had, as of December 31, 2022, an installed base of over 16,000 gaming terminals, which were operated primarily
under participation-based contracts. We generate revenue by participating, typically as a function of gross revenue from each
machine, in a percentage of volumes generated by these machines. Because we participate in our customers revenues under such
contracts, we are aligned with our customers in benefitting from the introduction of our new content, which can drive growth in the
win per unit per day of our installed base. Additionally, we earn revenue through the sale of units, as well as a fixed daily fee
for certain of our installed units. With our participation-driven business model, approximately 96 of revenue for our Leisure
segment is recurring in nature and derived under long-term contracts. Notably, we have successfully renewed contracts with pub
operators Greene King, Marstons PLC, Mitchells Butlers, Admiral Taverns, Stonegate and Whitbread. We have also secured new
contracts with Bourne Leisure and Butlins. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our Leisure segment generated revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of 95.5 million and 24.4 million, respectively. 

5 

Our
Strengths 

We
believe key factors that give us an advantage in the gaming technology space include: 

Established
presence across multiple Product Verticals 

We
have a substantial installed base across each of our product verticals, including over 31,800 digital terminals in the Gaming segment
located across key jurisdictions in the United Kingdom, Greece, Italy and South America, with approximately 13,700 terminals installed
in UK Licensed Betting Offices and approximately 8,700 installed in Greek video lottery terminals VLTs ). In our Leisure
segment, we supply and operate an installed base of approximately 16,000 gaming terminals (including approximately 2,200 gaming terminals
under maintenance only contracts) and 7,000 pool tables, prize vending and jukeboxes to pubs, bingo halls and adult gaming centers. In
addition, we also supply and operate approximately 9,300 amusement machines and 2,200 gaming terminals in family entertainment centers
located in holiday parks, bowling centers and other entertainment venues. We have award winning content and products in our Virtual Sports
segment, which offers a wide range of sports and numbers games through approximately 32,000 retail venues as well as through various
online channels. Our Virtual Sports gaming products are installed in approximately 35 gaming jurisdictions worldwide, including the United
Kingdom, Italy, Greece, Morocco and the United States, our customers being many of the largest operators of lottery, gaming, and betting
operations worldwide. Additionally, our Interactive segment provides a wide range of premium iGaming content to large operators primarily
located in the United Kingdom, Italy, Greece and North America, as well as several other countries across Europe through over 170 websites. 

Highly
Diversified Business Underpinned by Longstanding Customer Relationships 

We
operate in several business segments and geographic locations that provide us a diversified revenue and cash flow stream that has proven
to be resilient under various economic environments. While our Gaming segment has represented the largest proportion of our revenue in
each of the last three years, our Virtual Sports and Interactive segments represent substantial growth opportunities as demonstrated
by recent trends, including during the COVID-19 global pandemic, which are expected to continue to diversify our business. Additionally,
we continue to expand in high growth markets, such as North America, which are expected to drive further geographic diversification across
business segments. We have over 600 customers, including major lottery, sports betting and gaming operators (both interactive and location-based)
within regulated sectors worldwide. Many of our customer relationships in the UK and European sectors are long-standing and in excess
of 10 years. We expect that our diverse customer base will afford us opportunities to sell incremental products to certain of these customers
in the future. 

Substantial
Recurring Revenue Supported by Long-Term Participation-Based Contracts 

We
believe our robust recurring revenue business model will drive our performance and free cash flow generation. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, our recurring revenue, which included revenue generated from participation-based contracts and licensing
arrangements, represented 86 of total revenue (87 excluding VAT-related revenue and 2.0 million of performance bonus), as compared to approximately 86 of total
revenue (87 excluding VAT-related revenue) for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our content and products, which are provided
primarily pursuant to long-term contracts, are essential to generating revenue for our customers and satisfying the demand of our
end users. Our long-term contracts typically have an initial duration of three to five years depending on the business segment and
the customer and, over the last three years, we have successfully renewed the significant majority of expiring contracts with key customers in our Gaming,
Virtual Sports and Interactive segments, and have successfully renewed all expiring contracts with key customers in our Leisure
segment since the Company s acquisition of the Gaming Technology Group of Novomatic UK Ltd., a division of Novomatic Group, an
international supplier of gaming equipment and solutions in October 2019 (the NTG Acquisition ). 

6 

Proprietary
Technology and Track-Record of Strong Content Development 

We
are dedicated to being at the forefront of our industry in terms of technology and innovation. We combine complementary expertise in
technology and operations, positioning us as a provider of superior technical solutions. As of December 31, 2022, we held approximately
15 patents and approximately 200 trademarks worldwide. We focus our product development efforts on emerging technology trends, utilizing
a combination of customer research, design experience and engineering excellence. We are committed to developing innovative products
for our customers and are focused on improving player entertainment and customer profitability. 

We
believe convergence trends in the gaming industry emphasize the importance of proprietary content, including licensed content. Such content
is needed to successfully promote a compelling game offering across multiple platforms and to develop distinctive products for operator-clients.
Our proprietary content drives engagement across gaming platforms. Our full suite of high-quality gaming products, services and multichannel
distribution capabilities, extensive traditional content library, sizeable installed gaming machine base and deep relationships with
operator-customers help make us an attractive partner for potential licensors of branded content. 

Our
Interactive business has expanded rapidly, with revenue growing at an approximate compound annual growth rate of 103 on a functional
currency at constant rate basis between 2019 and 2022. We believe this growth has been driven, in part, by our content library of over
100 slot games . Many of our recent game launches, including Gold Cash Free Spins TM , Big Fishing Fortune TM , and
the Reel King family of games, have been omni-channel, offering a premium player experience across multiple platforms though,
unlike our older games, they originated online and, once proved successful, were migrated to retail platforms. 

Inspired s
award-winning Virtual Sports products offer a wide range of betting markets and what we consider to be superior graphics. Our Virtual
Sports revenue has been growing fast and has achieved high Adjusted EBITDA margins, while providing an attractive recurring-revenue base. 

Positioned
To Benefit From Key Market Trends 

With
our proprietary digital gaming platform and content comprising an end-to-end product offering and our multi-channel capabilities and
robust relationships across the client spectrum, we believe we are well-positioned to benefit from emerging gaming sector trends, including
growth stimulated by liberalization of government gaming regulations, the emergence of multi-channel offerings and the increasing importance
of proprietary content. 

Our
multi-channel offerings are well-positioned to benefit from the increased prevalence of smart phones and tablets and the legalization
of online gaming in certain parts of the United States, Canada and other jurisdictions. Such jurisdictions have provided new growth opportunities
for gaming and lottery operators through the introduction of new channels and portals for delivering games to customers. This supplements
the existing broad-based online gambling market across Europe. Our multi-channel solutions and customer relationship management capabilities
position us to take advantage of new opportunities to extend our gaming solutions across different channels for our customers to reach
new players, expand the player demographic base and access players wherever they are whenever they want to play. Our technology extends
play for existing players and has the capability to reach new player segments. This and other technology help position us for future
online real-money gaming opportunities by offering play-for-fun online gaming options in jurisdictions where online real-money gaming
may be legalized in the future. 

Government
initiatives, such as the legalization of casino operations in new jurisdictions, increases in the number of casinos allowed to operate
in a given jurisdiction and the legalization of new products, have helped stimulate growth in the gaming market. In the United States,
legislative change has led to an increase in the legalization of sports betting. As of December 31, 2022, 21 U.S. states and the District
of Columbia have legalized sports betting. 

7 

Experienced
Management Team 

Our
seasoned management team is led by our Executive Chairman, Lorne Weil, who is known as a gaming industry innovator and whose past leadership
includes growing a diversified global gaming technology company both organically and through extensive acquisitions and joint ventures
further bolstering the business. Other members of the Company s Office of the Executive Chairman (the OEC are our
President and Chief Executive Officer, Brooks H. Pierce; our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Stewart F.B. Baker;
and our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, Carys Damon. The OEC executes the day-to-day management of the Company. Our management
team has broad and deep experience in the gaming industry, working with lotteries, casino operators, betting platforms, and online operators.
The members of the OEC have, on average, decades of experience in the gaming industry, including relationships with customers around
the world, helping them build and sustain revenue growth. In addition, the members of the OEC have centered their careers on identifying,
acquiring and integrating, through the implementation of value creation initiatives, complementary businesses. 

Our
Strategy 

We
seek to deliver innovative and differentiated products that provide value to our customers and exciting experiences to their players
in multiple jurisdictions throughout the world while achieving long-term growth in revenues, profit and cash flow. We place great emphasis
on developing creative solutions, in terms of game content and play that deliver and sustain superior performance through operators across
interactive and location-based channels. Our technology often allows us to update our games and operating software remotely, keeping
pace with evolving requirements in game play, security, technology and regulations. We seek to achieve these goals as we: 

Extend
our positions in each of the sectors in which we operate by developing new content and products which can often be utilized across multiple
distribution channels. 

We
continually invest in new content and product development in each of the business segments in which we operate. We believe these investments
can benefit our existing and prospective customers by making new content and products available to them and bringing exciting entertainment
experiences to their players. Our approach, which seeks to distribute our content across a wide range of channels, protocols and regulatory
standards, allows us to distribute our content across multiple sectors in which we operate on a cost-efficient basis. We have continued
to focus on channels where we believe there is considerable growth available especially in our digital businesses. We believe
our technological approach allows us to quickly adapt to changes in player preferences. 

Continue
to invest in content and technology in order to grow our existing customers revenues and penetrate new customers in our existing
markets. 

Over
the last three years, a substantial portion of our annual revenue has been recurring and based on long-term contracts with customers,
where our revenues typically grow in line with the growth of our customers gaming revenues from our content and products. We seek
to work closely with our customers to assist in the optimization of their operations so they can achieve growth in their revenues generated
by our content and products, which we believe is to our benefit. Accordingly, we continually invest in new content and technology offerings
that we believe will enable our customers to keep their offerings fresh and allow them to offer their players new forms of entertainment.
As our content demonstrates successful commercial results, we seek to place it with additional customers who recognize its performance.
We believe content development is a key aspect of our strategy and we intend to continue this strategic priority for each of the businesses
in which we operate. 

Add
new customers by expanding into underpenetrated markets. 

We
believe our historical growth has been driven by our entry into new geographies, and supplemented by increasing our share in existing
markets. We expect to continue to focus on North American markets in the Gaming, Virtual Sports and Interactive segments for such expansion.
We believe North America is a major gaming market in which we currently have limited participation, but where our products are well positioned,
or can be positioned, for future success. For example, in 2021 and 2022, we placed 399 and 1,006 VLT terminals, respectively, in North
America. We also believe there are likely to be growth opportunities in Latin America which will be available to us in the future. 

Pursue
targeted mergers and acquisitions to expand our product portfolio and distribution footprint. 

In
addition to growing our business organically, we have pursued, and continue to pursue, merger and acquisition opportunities that we believe
will help strengthen and scale our operations and take further advantage of our competitive position. Our management team shares a combination
of operating, investing, financial and transactional experience that we believe will serve the Company well as it seeks to identify opportunities
for value-adding acquisitions and negotiate and close on beneficial acquisition transactions. In December 2021, we completed the acquisition
of Sportech Lotteries, LLC (currently Inspired Entertainment Lotteries LLC), which is our first lottery-focused acquisition, further
diversifying our business model on a product, customer, and geographic level. 

8 

Industry
Overview 

We
operate within the global gaming and lottery industry. Global gaming and lottery growth has been resilient in the face of economic cycles
over the last decade. According to the H2 Database, the global gaming and lottery industry has grown at a 2 compounded annual growth
rate from 2012 to 2022, which has been driven by increased consumer spend and the introduction of new regulated sectors but declined
dramatically in 2020 due to land-based venues being closed due to COVID-19 mandated shutdowns and restrictions. 

During
this period, the digital online and mobile gaming and lottery sectors have grown at a faster pace than the industry as a whole. According
to the H2 Database, these industry sectors have grown at a 15 compounded annual growth rate from 2012 to 2022, driven by rapid growth
in the deployment of digital games and technologies, including many of our products, into land-based venues in the primary sectors in
which we operate, where regulators have supported the transition to digital, online and retail channels. According to the H2 Database,
the total global gaming and lottery industry is projected to grow an average of 6 per year from 2022 to 2027 driven by the projected
growth in mobile and online gaming. 

We
believe the global gaming and lottery industry will return to a growth trajectory, with more robust growth in the digital gaming and
lottery sectors, as further described below. We believe the industry is content driven and, much like music, videogames and motion pictures,
will continue to be transformed by the propagation of digitally-networked technologies. 

As
a gaming and lottery business-to-business supplier focused on digital products and technologies, we believe we are well-positioned to
benefit from these trends. 

Influencers
of Digital Adoption 

We
believe the digital segment of the global gaming and lottery industry will continue to grow, including as a result of the following factors: 

Governments:
Opening of new gaming territories . Many national and state governments operating in developed economies in Europe and the United
States are suffering from structural funding deficits. The regulation and liberalization of gaming and lottery is frequently relied upon
to raise new sources of revenue for these governments. In most cases, we believe such liberalization does not favor buildouts of large
new destination resort casinos, but rather focuses on smaller distributed gaming EDGE venues with lottery, gaming and
sports betting, combined with online or mobile gaming. 

Digital
Multi-Channel Offerings: Replacement of legacy analog machines with larger volume of smart digital devices, both interactive and location
based . In many established sectors, as existing gaming sectors mature, governments and regulatory authorities have implemented
regulations to upgrade the established terminal base to digital operation. 

Smartphones
and Mobile Devices: Rapid adoption of gaming and lottery applications on growing volume . In certain sectors, mobile play on sports
betting and gaming now exceeds such play on personal computers. According to the H2 Database, mobile gaming revenues in such sectors
exhibited a 27.0 compound annual growth rate between 2010 and 2021. Mobile gaming and lottery is now expanding in other sectors, and
mobile play has recently been approved in other sectors for gaming or lottery. 

In
addition to the foregoing, we believe there are significant benefits for our customers in adopting digitally networked gaming and lottery
technologies. We believe our digitally-enabled products allow operators to remotely manage their operations with minimal disruption to
their businesses. The system centralization enabled by digital operations offers flexibility to rotate or change games, tailor game availability
to time-of-day, target specific player demographics and take advantage of seasonal and themed marketing opportunities. New games often
can be phased in without the interim revenue declines often associated with replacing games on traditional slot machines. In addition,
digital operations permit more games per terminal, enabling operators to test new games and new suppliers, seek to appeal to a broader
base of players with minimal cost or risk, commission games from third-party suppliers on an open game interface and reduce procurement
risk. Moreover, digital operations can significantly reduce the need for on-site repairs, improve terminal up-time and should extend
terminal life cycles as well as the time period over which capital costs can be depreciated. 

9 

Regulatory
Framework 

We
conduct business in a number of different jurisdictions, of which Great Britain, Italy and Greece have historically contributed the most
significant recurring revenues. The gaming regulator responsible for our activities in Great Britain is the Gambling Commission of Great
Britain (the UK Gambling Commission or the Gambling Commission ). In Italy, the operation of gaming machines
and remote gaming is regulated by L Agenzia delle dogane e dei Monopoli ADM ). In Greece, the operation of gaming
machines and remote gaming is regulated by the Hellenic Gaming Commission. In addition, we are licensed or certified (as applicable)
in a number of other jurisdictions by regulators such as the Malta Gaming Authority, Licensing Authority of Gibraltar, the Alderney Gambling
Control Commission, the Belgian Commission, Autorit Des March s Financiers (Quebec) and state regulators in various jurisdictions
in North America. 

Great
Britain 

In
the British sector, we supply and distribute Category B3 gaming machines (with maximum betting stakes for players of 2) and ETG
machines to third parties who are licensed to operate such machines in bricks-and-mortar premises. In addition, we operate a number of
Adult Entertainment Centers. We also supply virtual racing software to local retail venues and to online operators who are licensed to
target the British sector. We also supply our Interactive product to remote operators who are licensed to target the British sector.
The provision of our products and services in relation to the British sector is authorized by a series of licenses issued by the UK Gambling
Commission, namely remote and non-remote Gaming Machine Technical (Full) operating licenses, a remote casino operating license, a remote
and non-remote gambling software license and a remote general betting standard (virtual events) license gaming machine general adult
gaming center license and a gaming machine general family entertainment center license. 

British
Betting and Gaming Laws and Regulations. The Gambling Act 2005 (the GA05 is the principal legislation in Great
Britain governing gambling (other than in relation to the National Lottery, which is governed by separate legislation). The GA05 applies
to both land-based gambling (referred to as non-remote gambling) and online and mobile gambling (referred to as remote 
gambling). 

10 

The
GA05 provides that it is an offense to make a gaming machine available for use without an appropriate operating license. There are a
number of different categories of licensable gaming machines (the GA05 provides for category A to D machines, although no category A
machines are currently in operation); each category is subject to different levels of maximum stakes and prize limits. In addition, there
are limits on the numbers and types of gaming machines that can be operated from licensed premises: for example, a licensed betting office
is permitted to house up to four category B3 to D machines, while a large casino may house up to 150 category B to D machines (subject
to satisfying certain ratios of machines to gaming tables). 

Gaming
machine suppliers are required to hold an operating license in order to manufacture, supply, install, adapt, maintain or repair a gaming
machine or part of a gaming machine. Gaming machine suppliers must also comply with the Gaming Machine Technical Standards published
by the Gambling Commission in relation to each category of machine, and such machines must meet the appropriate testing requirements. 

In
relation to remote gambling, the GA05 (as amended by the Gambling (Licensing and Advertising) Act 2014 provides that it is an offense
to provide facilities for remote gambling either (a) using remote gambling equipment situated in Great Britain,
or (b) which are used by players situated in Great Britain, in each case without a remote gambling operating license. It is also an offense
to manufacture, supply, install or adapt gambling software in Great Britain without an appropriate gambling software license. 

A
remote gambling operating license holder providing facilities for remote gambling to British players is required to use gambling software
manufactured and supplied by the holder of a gambling software license (and failure to do so is an offence). Where gambling software
is used or supplied for use in relation to the British sector, it must satisfy the Remote Gambling and Software Technical Standards published
by the Gambling Commission. 

The
holder of a British gambling operating license is subject to a variety of ongoing regulatory requirements, including, but not limited
to, the following: 

Shareholder disclosure:
 An entity holding a gambling license must notify the Gambling Commission of the identity of any shareholder holding 3 or more of
 the equity or voting rights in the entity (whether held or controlled either directly or indirectly). 

Change of corporate control:
 Whenever a new person becomes a controller (as defined in section 422 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000)
 of a company limited by shares that holds a gambling operating license, the licensed entity must apply to the Gambling Commission
 for permission to continue to rely on its operating license in light of the new controller. A new controller includes any person
 who holds or controls (directly or indirectly, including ultimate beneficial owners who hold their interest through a chain of ownership)
 10 or more of the equity or voting rights in the licensed entity (or who is otherwise able to exercise significant influence 
 over it). The Gambling Commission must be supplied with specified information regarding the new controller (which, in the case of
 an individual, includes detailed personal disclosure) and this information will be reviewed by the Gambling Commission to assess
 the suitability of the new controller to be associated with a licensed entity. If the Gambling Commission concludes that it would
 not have issued the operating license to the licensed entity had the new controller been a controller when the application for the
 operating license was made, the Gambling Commission is required to revoke the operating license. It is possible to apply for approval
 in advance from the Gambling Commission prior to becoming a new controller of a licensed entity. 

Compliance with the License
 Conditions and Codes of Practice (LCCP): The LCCP is a suite of license conditions and code provisions which attach to operating
 licenses issued by the Gambling Commission. The provision of gambling facilities in breach of a license condition is an offense under
 the GA05. Certain specified Social Responsibility code provisions are accorded the same weight as license conditions
 in this regard (whereas breach of an ordinary code provision is not an offense in itself, but may be evidence of unsuitability
 to continue to hold a gambling license). The LCCP imposes numerous operational requirements on licensees, including compliance with
 the Gambling Commission s Remote Gambling and Software Technical Standards, segregation of customer funds, the implementation
 of a variety of social responsibility tools (such as self-exclusion), anti-money laundering measures, age verification of customers
 and a host of consumer protection measures. The Gambling Commission regularly reviews and revises the LCCP. 

Regulatory returns and
 reporting of key events: The LCCP requires licensees to submit quarterly returns to the Gambling Commission detailing prescribed
 operational data. Licensees are also required to notify the Gambling Commission as soon as practicable and in any event within 5
 working days of becoming aware of the occurrence of certain specified key events which, in summary, are events which
 could have a significant impact on the nature or structure of the licensee s business. Licensees are also required to notify
 suspicion of offenses and suspicious gambling activity. 

Personal licenses: Key
 management personnel are required to maintain personal licenses authorizing them to discharge certain responsibilities on behalf
 of the operator. These personal licenses are subject to renewal every five years. Personal licenses are subject to compliance with
 certain license conditions. 

11 

Italy 

We
operate two different gaming businesses in Italy. We provide platform and games for video lottery terminals VLTs ), we
also supply platforms for bets on Virtual Sports events to betting shops and online platforms. Our businesses are operated through the
Italian branches of certain of our UK subsidiaries. These branches hold police licenses and are enrolled in the ADM Register of Gestori,
as further described below. We supply our platform and games and Virtual Sports products only to operators licensed under Italian gaming
laws and regulations. 

Our
VLT and Virtual Sports platforms must be connected over the internet to servers operated by the ADM. Information regarding gaming sessions
and the amounts wagered and won is provided in real time through the ADM servers, in order to enable the ADM to monitor the operation
of machines and games and to verify the amount of taxes due. 

Italian
Betting and Gaming Laws and Regulations. Operators of betting premises offering VLTs (including the entities managing the networks
connecting such VLTs to ADM servers), and operators of betting premises or online platforms offering Virtual Sports products, must hold
an Italian gaming license. No gaming license is required in order to supply VLTs or Virtual Sports products to such operators. Such VLT
platforms, machines and games, and Virtual Sports platforms and games, must be certified and approved by either SOGEI, an entity controlled
by the Italian Ministry of Finance and authorized to conduct such certifications or testing labs accredited with ADM. Such certifications
and approvals must be obtained by such operators, rather than the suppliers of such VLT platforms, machines and games, and Virtual Sports
platforms and games. 

Suppliers
of gaming machines, including VLTs, must hold a police license (as prescribed by article 86, paragraph 3, of the Italian United Text
of Public Security Law (TULPS) provided by the Royal Decree 18 June 1931, No. 773) and be enrolled in a registry prescribed by article
1, paragraph 82 of Law No. 220/2010 and managed by ADM (known as the ADM Register of Gestori ). If a supplier of gaming
machines is not enrolled in the ADM Register of Gestori, any agreement it enters into regarding the supply of gaming machines is null
and void. In addition, if the enrollment is not renewed, existing agreements regarding the supply of gaming machines become null and
void. Enrollment in the ADM Register of Gestori is subject to, among other things, a review of the suitability of the applicant business
entity and its directors. In the event of a change of control of the entity enrolled in the ADM Register of Gestori (but not of such
entity s direct or indirect parent entities), the details of such change must be notified to the ADM and suitability must be reconfirmed. 

Suppliers
of Virtual Sports products are not required to hold a police license, be enrolled in the Register of Gestori or otherwise be licensed
or registered. 

Greece 

In
Greece, we supply VLTs, including the terminal machines themselves, the related online platforms and the games available on the machines,
to brick-and-mortar gaming locations operated by OPAP, the country s sole licensed operator of gaming machines. We supply such
VLTs under a certification provided by the Hellenic Gaming Commission (the HGC ). We also supply Virtual Sports products
within retail venues operated by OPAP and via self-service betting terminals within OPAP venues and supply interactive games and Virtual
Sports to online operators in Greece including Stoiximan, OPAP and Novibet. 

Greek
Betting and Gaming Laws and Regulations : According to Article 44 par. 2 of Law 4002/2011, as well as according to HGC s
Decision No 225/2/25.10.2016 as well as Ministerial Decision 79314/23.07.2020 (GG B 3263/5 August 2020) as amended with Decision
13530 /02.02.2022 (GG B 356 03.02.2022) and again with Decision 187634/27.12.2022 (GG B 6716/2712.2022) and 79305/05.08.2020
(GG B 3262/5 August 2020), all suppliers of gaming machines in Greece must be certified by the HGC in order to legally supply,
sell, lease, offer or distribute any VLT or virtual game or any other game of chance (i.e. games including wagers or bets and the result
of which games depends, even partly, on the influence of luck). Moreover, for Manufacturers which are defined under the aforesaid Decision
79305 as the person or entity which manufactures (indicatively, studies, designs, assembles, produces, programs) and in any way makes
available to an Operator and/or Importer any Technical Means and Hardware, and has received a Suitability License by the HGC to this
end, as well as the person that holds a license for a Studio , Decision 79305, provides in Article 9 for a Suitability License provided
a Manufacturers (type A.1 licence) and in Article 10 to Importers/Distributors (type E1 and E2)Accordingly, manufacturers need to obtain
a Suitability License Type A1, while importers/distributors need to obtain a Suitability License Type E1 or E2. 

12 

As regards online gaming, Articles 45 -52 of Law 4002/2011 (GG A 180/22.8.2011), which was recently amended by Law 4635/2019 (GG
A 167/30.10.2019), introduces several new provisions such as the two exclusive types of online licenses for online gaming operators:
a) Online Betting License; and b) a license for Other Online Games (it covers online casino games and online poker games and variants
thereof). Furthermore, Article 14 of the HGC s Decision No 79835/05.08.2020 (GG B 3265/5.8.2020) states that all Manufacturers
have to submit an application to the HGC, accompanied by the required compliance certificates, for the following elements: i. the Gaming
Platform (Betting Platform); ii. the Random Number Generator (RNG) per type/group of Games that the Manufacturer offer to each License
Holder; and iii. each individual game or multigame. Lastly, Suitability Licenses for suppliers are also divided into two types: a) Manufacturers
Suitability License and b) Importers/Distributors Suitability License (according to articles 9 and 10 of Decision No 79305/05.08.2020).
Accordingly, manufacturers need to obtain a Suitability License Type A1 or A2 (depending on whether the manufacturer provides management
services to the operator or not), while importers/distributors need to obtain a Suitability License Type E1 or E2. 

Gaming
Regulation and Changes in Ownership 

In
all of the jurisdictions in which we are subject to gaming regulations, regulators require us to keep them informed as to our ownership
structure and composition and, to varying extents and in various circumstances, require us to disclose certain information regarding
the persons who directly or indirectly hold our shares. Depending on the regulator, we may need to provide such information not only
when we first seek licenses or certifications, but also when material changes (measured at different levels) occur in the ownership of
our shares. As a result, material changes in our shareholdings may be subject to special procedures in order to ensure the continuation
of our gaming licenses and certifications. 

Content
Development 

We
continually invest in new product development in each of our Gaming, Virtual Sports, Interactive and Leisure business
segments. Inspired has a full stack game development structure, combining its proprietary technology frameworks together with some
of the industry s best math, art, creative and production personnel spread across 3 game studios (Inspired, Astra and Bell
Fruit). We release over 100 games each year onto our own priority gaming system, Interactive RGS and to our G2S clients around the
world in markets such as North America, UK, Greece, Spain, Belgium, Italy, Sweden and more. Whilst many of our game launches are
omni-channel, we have a focus on building the right game for the right market and take pride in tweaking and modifying the math and
themes for the target player. In Virtual Sports we combine graphical assets and software that controls those assets to schedule
events and generate results via a random number generator, as well as supplying on demand versions of our content. In 2020, we
launched the Virtual Plug and Play (VPP) product range. Using our award winning Virtuals assets, with our Interactive RGS and the
addition of a Virtuals Bet Management System, VPP gives our operators a Virtuals Sportsbook in a box, with ease of integrations and
operation. We account for our development costs as software development costs and these are typically amortized over a two-year
period. 

Suppliers 

Our
principal supply arrangements concern the supply of our terminal components, content provision and outsourced labor. We work closely
with our key suppliers to ensure a high level of quality of goods and services is obtained and have worked with many of these suppliers
for many years. We have achieved significant cost savings through centralization of purchases. 

Customers 

Our
customer base includes regulated operators of lotteries, licensed sports bookmakers, gaming and bingo halls, casinos, pubs, adult gaming
centers, holiday parks and regulated online operators. We typically implement design and content variations to customize their terminals
and player experiences. Our license agreements with customers for the provision of machines, content and Virtual Sports products include
provisions to protect our intellectual property rights in our games and other content. 

Customer
Contracts Gaming 

Our
contracts in the Gaming segment involve supplying gaming terminals and licensing gaming software and games for the terminals. We supply
the terminals on an exclusive or non-exclusive basis for all terminals of a customer or for specific locations. Under these contracts,
we have general obligations to deliver, install, upgrade and service the terminals and software. The contracts may be terminated early
in various circumstances such as if we fail to meet performance targets in servicing the machines. 

Under
some contracts, we receive an upfront fee for the provision of the terminals but more typically generate revenue as a percentage of income
generated on terminals. With our participation-driven business model, approximately 94 of service revenue (excluding VAT related income)
for our Gaming segment is recurring in nature and derived under long-term contracts that are typically between three and five years (although
may be shorter for contract extensions). Over the last three years, we have renewed a significant majority of contracts that were expiring. 

13 

Customer
Contracts Virtual Sports 

Our
contracts in the Virtual Sports segment typically involve the supply of licenses to operators to make available, either via online or
retail channels, virtual sporting events such as darts, cricket, or basketball, and to enable end-users to place bets on these events.
These are typically one-time non-exclusive licenses specific to the virtual sporting event. We may agree to customize and brand the virtual
sporting events for the operator or to provide language variations of the event. The contracts may be terminated early in various circumstances,
including, for example, if the operator fails to pay an invoice within 60 days of receipt. 

Our
Virtual Sports products are typically offered to operators on a participation basis, whereby we receive a portion of the gaming revenues
generated, plus an upfront software license fee. With our participation-driven business model, our Virtual Sports segment produces approximately
99 of total revenue on a recurring basis under long-term contracts that average four years when entered into and we have historically
had a 100 renewal rate over the last three years for contracts that expired. 

Customer
Contracts Interactive 

Our
contracts in the Interactive segment vary but generally involve the provision of a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable
license to operators to display certain slot and casino content on which online bets are placed or to make our games available for play
by end-users of an operator s online gaming business operations. The contracts may be terminated early in various circumstances,
including material breach or inability to operate due to a change in regulatory status. 

Our
Interactive products are typically offered to operators on a participation basis, whereby we receive a percentage of total amount of
stakes wagered or a percentage of net gaming revenue. With our participation-driven business model, approximately 100 of revenue for
our Interactive segment is recurring in nature and derived under long-term contracts that averaged three years from when we entered into
these contracts. Over the last three years, we have renewed approximately 100 of these contracts for those customers that have continued
to trade. 

Customer
Contracts Leisure 

Our
contracts in the Leisure segment vary but generally involve (i) agreement whereby the operator or proprietor of certain leisure resorts
contributes premises and we provide, on an exclusive basis, gaming and amusement terminals as well as gaming software and games for the
machines provided, (ii) contracts to supply gaming terminals as well as gaming software and games for the terminals provided to leisure
operators on a non-exclusive basis, and (iii) rental agreements, which we enter into with certain motorway services providers, whereby
we rent unit space in motorway service areas and populate this space with our gaming terminals. 

Depending
on the contract type, we have general obligations to deliver, install, upgrade and service the terminals and software provided, to acquire
licensing for the various prizes and toys, which may be used in the terminals, to keep the premises open for minimum operating hours
and not to use the premises for certain business. These contracts may be terminated early in various circumstances, including for material
breach or insolvency events. 

Under
our leisure contracts, we typically generate revenue on a participation-basis by participating, typically as a function of gross revenue
from each terminal, in a percentage of volumes generated by these terminals. With our participation-driven or fixed weekly fee business
model, approximately 100 of service revenue for our Leisure segment is recurring in nature and derived under long-term contracts that
are usually between three and five years. Since the NTG Acquisition, within the Leisure segment we have successfully renewed or extended
the significant majority of major contracts that have expired. 

Operations
and Employees 

Our
operations include game production, platform and hardware design, production, testing, and distribution; the maintenance, management,
and extension of our centralized network for product distribution and product monitoring; the delivery and, in certain circumstances,
maintenance of SBG terminals; gaming machine engineering, assembly, repair and storage; parts supply; change and release management;
remote operational services; problem management; business development; market account management; and general administration and management,
including Finance, Legal, People (Human Resources), Investor Relations, Marketing and Communications, Quality, Compliance and Information
Security. 

14 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1,600 employees, approximately 1,500 of which were full-time. Of those employees, over 600
were dedicated to delivering our digital gaming platforms, content and manufacturing. Approximately 85 of our employees were assigned
to the ongoing operation of our network, through which we supply and maintain our products. Approximately 600 of our employees were involved
in UK field operations. Our management, sales and administration teams accounted for approximately 200 employees. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
intellectual property consists principally of the propriety software we develop to operate our network and in the design and distribution
of our games. We depend upon agreements relating to trade secrets and proprietary know-how to protect our rights in this intellectual
property. We require all our employees, contractors and other collaborators to enter into agreements that prohibit the disclosure of
our confidential information to other parties. In addition, it is our policy to require our employees, contractors and other collaborators
who have access to proprietary and trade secret material to enter into agreements that require them to assign any and all intellectual
property rights to us that arise as a result of their work on our behalf. We also require our employees to review and acknowledge our
intellectual property policies regarding how we handle intellectual property. These agreements, acknowledgements and policies may not
provide adequate protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use or
disclosure in violation of these agreements, and may not be sufficient to secure for us the value in such developments that they are
designed to secure. 

We
also hold certain patents, trademarks, design rights and other intellectual property rights in respect of our products, systems, web
domains, and other intellectual property. We also rely on certain products and technologies that we license from third parties. Proprietary
licenses typically limit our use of intellectual property to specific uses and for specific time periods. 

The
terms of our intellectual property registrations vary based on the type of registration and the date and jurisdiction of filing or grant.
European and U.K trademark registration lasts for 10 years but can be renewed indefinitely. European and U.K design registration lasts
for five years but it can be renewed four times (giving a maximum total of 25 years of protection). European and U.K patents can only
be renewed for up to 20 years. U.S. design patents expire 15 years from the date of grant, and the term of utility patents generally
expires 20 years from the date of filing of the first non-provisional patent application in a family of patents. The actual protection
afforded by a patent depends upon the type of patent, the scope of its coverage and the availability of legal remedies in the applicable
country. 

Competition 

We
operate in a highly competitive industry, and in highly competitive business segments. We face competition from a number of worldwide
businesses, many of which have substantially greater financial resources and operating scale than we do. Such competition could adversely
affect our ability to win new contracts and sales and renew existing contracts. We operate in a period of intense price-based competition
in some key sectors, which could affect the profitability of the contracts and sales we do win. In certain sectors, our businesses also
face competition from suppliers, operators or licensees who offer products for internet gaming in illegal or unregulated sectors, but
are still able or permitted to supply products and compete with us in regulated sectors. These competitors often have substantially greater
financial resources and operating scale than we do. Some larger competitors hold long term contracts which control access points for
some of our products and this may mean we must contract with those competitors rather than directly with the customer to provide our
products. Our principal competitors include, among others, certain businesses that have vertically integrated gaming machine and retail
betting operations and businesses that operate in both regulated and unregulated sectors and thereby effectively subsidize their regulated
operations with unregulated operations. 

Corporate
Information 

We
maintain a website at www.inseinc.com. Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and
any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act are available free of charge through
the Investors link on our website as soon as reasonably practical after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Also
available on our website are our Code of Ethics, as well as the charters of the audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance
committees of the Board of Directors. Information on our website is not incorporated into this report. 

15 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Our
business is subject to a high degree of risk. You should carefully read and assess our discussion of the risk factors facing our business,
below. Any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects, and
cause the value of our common stock to decline, which could cause investors in our common stock to lose all or part of their investments. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Our
business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. These risks are discussed more fully below
and include, but are not limited to, risks related to the following: 

We rely on a relatively
 small number of customers for a significant portion of our sales, and the loss of, or material reduction in, sales to any of our
 top customers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

We are dependent on our
 relationships with key suppliers to obtain equipment and other supplies for our business on acceptable terms. 

The UK Government s
 impending review of the Gambling Act, together with other rules that may be considered in the UK in response to recent consultations,
 could have a material negative impact on our business. 

Data privacy and security
 laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business could increase the cost of our operations and subject us to possible
 sanctions and other penalties. 

Our results of operations
 fluctuate due to seasonality and other factors and, therefore, our periodic operating results are not guarantees of future performance. 

Our industry is subject
 to strict government regulations that could limit our existing operations and have a negative impact on our ability to grow. 

Our industry is subject
 to regulations that set parameters for levels of gaming or wagering duty, tax, stake, prize and return to player. 

We may be adversely affected
 by disruptions to our transaction gaming and lottery systems, as well as disruptions to our internal enterprise and information technology
 systems. 

Our directors and key personnel
 are subject to the approval of certain regulatory authorities, which, if withheld, would require us to sever our relationship with
 non-approved individuals, which could adversely impact our operations. 

Licensing and gaming authorities
 have significant control over our operations and ownership and could cause us to redeem certain stockholders on potentially disadvantageous
 terms. 

Certain of our executive
 officers and directors are affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those conducted by us (or may enter
 into similar business activities in the future) and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular
 business opportunity should be presented to us or to another entity. 

We have operations in a
 variety of countries, which subjects us to additional risks. 

We may have future capital
 needs and may not be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms. 

Because tax laws and regulations are subject to interpretation and uncertainty,
tax payments may ultimately differ from amounts currently recorded by the Company. 

16 

We may be unable to develop
 sufficient new products and product lines and integrate them into our existing business, which may adversely affect our ability to
 compete our expansion into new sectors may present competitive and regulatory challenges that differ from current ones. 

We may be required to recognize
 impairment charges related to goodwill, identified intangible assets and property and equipment or to take write-downs or write-offs,
 restructuring or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and
 stock price, which could have an adverse effect on your investment. 

Volatility or disruption
 in the financial markets could materially adversely affect our business and the trading price of our common stock. 

Global economic conditions
 could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We face risks and uncertainty
 arising from the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business and Industry 

Disruption
of our supply chain or distribution capabilities have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
ability to manufacture and ship machines is critical to our success. We are subject to damage or disruption to supplies of parts or our
manufacturing or distribution capabilities (in particular, to the extent that our parts are sourced globally) due to weather, including
any potential effects of climate change, natural disaster, fire, terrorism, adverse changes in political conditions or political unrest,
pandemic, strikes, labor shortages, freight transportation availability, disruption in logistics, import restrictions, or other factors
that impair our ability to manufacture or sell our machines. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact
of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations, as well as require additional resources to restore our supply chain. 

Our
results of operations could be adversely affected by labor shortages, turnover, and labor cost increases. 

Inflationary
pressures, shortages in the labor market, and increased competition within and outside our industry for talented employees have increased
our labor costs, which could negatively impact our profitability. Labor shortages or lack of skilled labor have led to increases in costs
to meet demand as we roll out incremental programs to attract and retain talent. Labor shortages may also negatively impact us from servicing
all demand that exists for our products or operating our service operations and manufacturing facilities efficiently. Further, we distribute
our machines and receive parts through the freight transportation market, and reduced trucking capacity due to shortages of drivers has
led to increased costs and reduced service levels due to lack of freight transportation availability. 

We
operate in a highly competitive industry and our success depends upon our ability to effectively compete with numerous worldwide businesses. 

We
face competition from a number of businesses, including worldwide businesses, many of which have substantially greater financial resources
and operating scale than we do. Such competition could adversely affect our ability to win new contracts and sales and renew existing
contracts. We operate in a period of intense price-based competition in some key sectors, which could affect the profitability of the
contracts and sales we do win. 

In
certain sectors, our businesses also face competition from suppliers, operators or licensees who offer products for internet gaming in
illegal or unregulated sectors, but are still able or permitted to supply products and compete with us in regulated sectors. These competitors
often have substantially greater financial resources and operating scale than we do. 

If
we cannot successfully compete in our industry and business segments, our business, results, financial condition and prospects could
suffer. 

17 

We
are heavily dependent on our ability to renew our long-term contracts with our customers and we could lose substantial revenue if we
are unable to renew certain of these contracts. 

Generally,
customer contracts in our Gaming, Virtual Sports and Interactive business segments are for initial terms of three to five years, but
longer in certain territories, with renewals at the customer s option. Generally, our customer contracts within the Leisure business
segment are for terms of four to six years (although in certain cases they are longer), but certain customers have options for early
termination under certain circumstances or to reduce machines volumes in certain circumstances, and we may face pressure to renew or
upgrade terminals during the lives of these contracts, which could adversely affect revenues or our return on capital and leave us with
surplus terminals. At any given time, we have multiple substantial customer contracts that have years to run and others that may be nearing
expiration or renewal, which we may lose if we cannot compete effectively to retain their business. 

There
can be no assurance that current contracts will be extended or that we will be awarded contract extensions or new contracts as a result
of competitive bidding processes or otherwise. The termination, expiration or failure to renew one or more of our contracts could cause
us to lose substantial revenue. 

Changes
in applicable gambling regulations or taxation regimes may affect the revenues or profits generated by the contracts we enter into with
our customers. Many of the contracts we have with our customers are on revenue-sharing (net of gaming taxes) terms, and therefore changes
which adversely affect our customers may also adversely affect us. In addition, any such changes may cause our customers to seek to renegotiate
their contracts, may alter the terms on which such customers are prepared to renew their contracts and may affect their ability or willingness
to renew their contracts. 

We
rely on a relatively small number of customers for a significant portion of our sales, and the loss of, or material reduction in, sales
to any of our top customers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Certain
key customers, including certain UK, Italian and Greek gaming terminal customers and certain Virtual Sports customers, make a significant
contribution to our revenues and profitability. Our top ten customers generated approximately 56 of total revenues and one customer
generated more than 10 of total revenues in the year ended December 31, 2022. We expect that these customers will continue to represent
a significant portion of our sales in the future. However, the loss of any of our top customers, whether through contract expiry and
non-renewal, breach of contract or other adverse factors could materially adversely affect our revenues or return on capital and leave
us with surplus terminals. Moreover, if any of these customers experience reduced revenue, such reduction could adversely affect any
revenue-sharing arrangements we have with those customers, reduce our own revenues and adversely affect our financial results. 

We
are dependent on our relationships with key suppliers to obtain equipment and other supplies for our business on acceptable terms. 

We
have achieved significant cost savings through our centralization of equipment and non-equipment purchases. However, as a result, we
are exposed to the credit and other risks of a group of key suppliers. While we make every effort to evaluate our counterparties prior
to entering into long-term and other significant procurement contracts, we cannot predict the impact on our suppliers of the current
economic environment and other developments in their respective businesses. Insolvency, financial difficulties, supply chain delays or
other factors may result in our suppliers not being able to fulfill the terms of their agreements with us. Further, such factors may
render suppliers unwilling to extend contracts that provide favorable terms to us, or may force them to seek to renegotiate existing
contracts with us. In addition, our business has signed a number of significant contracts whose performance depends upon third party
suppliers delivering equipment on schedule for us to meet its contract commitments. Failure of the suppliers to meet their delivery commitments
could result in us being in breach of and subsequently losing those contracts. Although we believe we have alternative sources of supply
for the equipment and other supplies used in our business, concentration in the number of our suppliers could lead to delays in the delivery
of products or components, and possible resultant breaches of contracts that we have entered into with our customers; increases in the
prices we must pay for products or components; problems with product quality or components coming to the end of their life; and other
concerns. 

18 

Our
ability to bid on new contracts may be dependent upon our ability to fund any required up-front capital expenditures through our cash
from operations, the incurrence of indebtedness or the raising of additional equity capital. 

Our
Gaming and Leisure terminal contracts in the UK, Italy and Greece often require significant up-front capital expenditures for terminal
assembly, software customization and implementation, systems and equipment installation and telecommunications configuration. Historically,
we have funded these up-front costs through cash flows generated from operations and external borrowings. Our ability to continue to
procure new contracts, including in new jurisdictions, will depend upon, among other things, our liquidity levels at the time or our
ability to obtain additional debt or equity funding at commercially acceptable terms to finance the initial up-front costs. If we do
not have adequate liquidity or are unable to obtain other funding for these up-front costs on favorable terms or at all, we may not be
able to bid on certain contracts, which could restrict our ability to grow and have an adverse effect on our ability to retain existing
contracts and therefore on future profitability. Certain contracts within the Leisure business segment also require injections of capital
expenditure during the term for new or replacement hardware. 

The
UK Government s impending review of the Gambling Act, together with other rules that may be considered in the UK in response to
recent consultations, could have a material negative impact on our business. 

In
December 2020, DCMS announced that it is reviewing the Gambling Act, the consultation period for which closed on March 31, 2021 with
the objective of (i) examining whether changes are needed to the system of gambling regulation in Great Britain to reflect changes to
the gambling landscape since 2005, particularly due to technological advances (ii) ensuring there is an appropriate balance between consumer
freedoms and choice on the one hand, and prevention of harm to vulnerable groups and wider communities on the other and (iii) making
sure customers are suitably protected whenever and wherever they are gambling, and that there is an equitable approach to the regulation
of the online and the land based industries. There have a been a number of similar consultations launched, including a DCMS consultation
in relation to fees which closed on March 25, 2021 and a Gambling Commission consultation in relation to Remote Customer Interaction
which closed on February 9, 2021. The potential outcomes of such reviews are not currently known but new legislation or regulations could
adversely affect our business. A recent example of legislative change implemented by the UK Government which adversely affected our business
was the reduction of maximum permitted bets from 100 to 2 on B2 Gaming Machines which became effective as of April 1, 2019.
As a result of this change, a number of land-based operators commenced a rationalization of their retail operations, which among other
measures led to the closure of certain land-based operator shops. 

Our
business depends on our ability to prevent or mitigate the effects of a cybersecurity attack. 

Our
information technology may be subject to cyber-attacks, security breaches or computer hacking, including a widespread ransomware attack
encrypting corporate IT equipment, a directed motivated attack against us or a data breach or cyber incident happening to a third-party
network and affecting us. Regardless of our efforts, there may still be a breach and the costs to eliminate, mitigate or address the
aforementioned threats and vulnerabilities before or after a cyber incident could be significant. Any such breaches or attacks could
result in interruptions, delays or cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential suppliers or customers. In addition, breaches
of our security measures and the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal, proprietary or confidential information about the
Company, our business partners or other third parties could expose us to significant potential liability and reputational harm. We could
also be negatively impacted by existing and proposed laws and regulations, and government policies and practices related to cybersecurity,
data privacy, data localization and data protection. The risk of cyber attacks may also increase owing to the current war in Ukraine. 

Our
business depends upon the protection of our intellectual property and proprietary information. 

We
believe that our success depends, in part, on protecting our intellectual property in the UK and in other countries. Our intellectual
property includes certain trademarks relating to our systems, as well as certain patents and proprietary or confidential information
that is not subject to patent or similar protection. Our intellectual property protects the integrity of our games, systems, products
and services, which is a core value of the industries in which we operate. Protecting our intellectual property can be expensive and
time-consuming, may not always be successful depending on local laws or other circumstances, and we also may choose not to pursue registrations
in certain countries. Competitors may independently develop similar or superior products, software, systems or business models. In cases
where our intellectual property is not protected by an enforceable patent, or other intellectual property protection, such independent
development may result in a significant diminution in the value of our intellectual property. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to protect our intellectual property. We enter into confidentiality or license agreements with
our employees, vendors, consultants and, to the extent legally permissible, our customers, and generally control access to, and the distribution
of, our game designs, systems and other software documentation and other proprietary information, as well as the designs, systems and
other software documentation and other information we license from others. Despite our effort to protect these proprietary rights, parties
may try to copy our gaming products, business models or systems, use certain of our confidential information to develop competing products,
or independently develop or otherwise obtain and use our gaming products or technology, any of which could have an adverse effect on
our business. Policing unauthorized use of our technology is difficult and expensive, particularly because of the global nature of our
operations. The laws of some countries may not adequately protect our intellectual property. 

There
can be no assurance that our business activities, games, products and systems will not infringe upon, misappropriate of otherwise violate
the proprietary rights of others, or that other parties will not assert infringement or misappropriation claims against us. Any such
claim and any resulting litigation, should it occur, could subject us to significant liability for costs and damages and could result
in invalidation of our proprietary rights, distract management, and/or require us to enter into costly and burdensome royalty and licensing
agreements. Such royalty and licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or may not be available
at all. In the future, we may also need to file lawsuits to defend the validity of our intellectual property rights and trade secrets,
or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Such litigation, whether successful or unsuccessful, could
result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. 

We
also rely on certain products and technologies that we license from third parties. Proprietary licenses typically limit our use of intellectual
property to specific uses and for specific time periods. There can be no assurance that these third-party licenses, or the support for
such licenses, will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. In the event that we cannot renew and/or expand
existing licenses, we may be required to discontinue or limit our use of the products that include, incorporate, or rely on licensed
intellectual property. 

19 

Data
privacy and security laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business could increase the cost of our operations and
subject us to possible sanctions and other penalties. 

Our
business is subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations governing data privacy and security, including
with respect to the collection, storage, use, transmission and protection of personal information. In particular, we are subject to the
EU General Data Protection Regulation (the EU GDPR where we are established in the EEA or where we are not established
in the EEA but process personal data of individuals in the EEA in relation to the offering of goods or services to, or the monitoring
the behavior of, individuals in the EEA. 

Following
the end of the Brexit Transition Period on December 31, 2020, the EU GDPR has been implemented in the UK as the UK GDPR .
The requirements of the UK GDPR are (for the time being) virtually identical to those of the EU GDPR. 

The
EU GDPR and the UK GDPR (collectively the GDPR set out a number of requirements that must be complied with when handling
personal data including (amongst others): (i) accountability and transparency requirements, and enhanced requirements for obtaining valid
consent; (ii) obligations to consider data protection as any new products or services are developed and to limit the amount of personal
data processed; (iii) obligations to comply with data protection rights of data subjects; and (iv) reporting of personal data breaches
to the supervisory authority without undue delay (and no later than 72 hours where feasible). 

The
GDPR also prohibits the international transfer of personal data from the EEA/UK to countries outside of the EEA/UK unless made to a country
deemed to have adequate data privacy laws by the European Commission or UK Government or a data transfer mechanism has been put in place.
In July 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union CJEU in its Schrems II ruling invalidated the EU-US Privacy
Shield framework, a self-certification mechanism that facilitated the lawful transfer of personal data from the EEA/UK to the United
States, with immediate effect. The CJEU upheld the validity of standard contractual clauses SCCs as a legal mechanism
to transfer personal data but companies relying on SCCs will need to carry out a transfer privacy impact assessment, which among other
things, assesses laws governing access to personal data in the recipient country and considers whether supplementary measures that provide
privacy protections additional to those provided under SCCs will need to be implemented to ensure an essentially equivalent level of
data protection to that afforded in the EU. This may have implications for our cross-border data flows and may result in compliance costs. 

In
addition, Brexit has implications for transfers of personal data between the UK and the EU and vice versa. Transfers of personal data
from the UK to the EU are unrestricted and do not require additional safeguards as the UK has approved the adequacy of the EU and all
12 nations deemed adequate by the EU. As regards transfers of personal data from the EEA to the UK, under the terms of the Trade and
Cooperation Agreement agreed between the EU and UK on December 24, 2020, such data flows remain unrestricted as the European Commission
granted the UK an adequacy decision meaning transfers of personal data from the EEA to the UK may continue unrestricted
and would not require any additional safeguards. 

Compliance
with the GDPR will incur compliance and operational costs. In addition, a data supervisory authority may find our data processing practices
and compliance steps to be inconsistent with the GDPR s application in their respective jurisdiction. Data supervisory authorities
also have the power to issue fines for non-compliance of the GDPR of up to 4 of an organization s annual worldwide turnover or
 20m 17.5 million under the UK GDPR), whichever is higher. Data subjects also have a right to compensation as a result of
an organization s breach of the GDPR that has affected them, for financial or non-financial losses (e.g., distress). 

Our
results of operations fluctuate due to seasonality and other factors and, therefore, our periodic operating results are not guarantees
of future performance. 

Our
revenues are subject to a number of variations. Equipment sales and software license revenues usually reflect a limited number of large
transactions, which may not recur on an annual basis. Consequently, revenues and operating results can vary substantially from period
to period as a result of the timing of equipment sales and software licensing. In addition, revenues may vary depending on the timing
of contract awards and renewals, changes in customer budgets and general economic conditions. A proportion of our revenues are subject
to regular seasonal variations of the sort often related to seasonal consumer behavior, income from the Leisure business segment is generally
strongest in the spring and summer, predominantly in Leisure parks, and in Italy and Greece we experience reductions in revenue in the
summer. 

Our
industry is subject to strict government regulations that could limit our existing operations and have a negative impact on our ability
to grow. 

In
certain jurisdictions, forms of wagering, betting and lottery may be expressly authorized and governed by law and in other jurisdictions
forms of wagering, betting and lottery may be expressly prohibited by law. If expressly authorized, such activities are typically subject
to extensive and evolving governmental regulation. Gaming regulatory requirements vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Therefore,
we are subject to a wide range of complex gaming laws, rules and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we are licensed or may seek
to be licensed. Most jurisdictions require that we are licensed or authorized, that our key personnel and certain of our security holders
are found to be suitable or are licensed, and that our products are reviewed, tested and certified or approved before placement. If a
license, approval, certification or finding of suitability is required by a regulatory or national authority and we fail to seek or do
not receive the necessary approval, license, certification or finding of suitability, or if it is revoked, then we may be prohibited
from distributing our products for use in the respective jurisdiction. Additionally, such prohibition could trigger reviews of our Company
by regulatory bodies in other jurisdictions and adversely affect our ability to obtain or retain the required licenses and approvals
in those jurisdictions. 

20 

The
regulatory environment in any particular jurisdiction may change in the future, and any such change could have an adverse effect on our
results of operations or business in general. Moreover, there can be no assurance that the operation of Server Based Gaming terminals,
Video Lottery Terminals or other Terminals, Virtual Sports betting, betting online, lottery or other forms of wagering systems will be
approved, certified or found suitable by additional jurisdictions or that those jurisdictions in which these activities are currently
permitted will continue to permit such activities in their existing forms (stricter regulations, including regulation relating to age
verification, could come into force which could have adverse impacts on the Company) or at all. While we believe that we have the means
to continue to develop procedures and policies designed to comply with and monitor the requirements of evolving laws, there can be no
assurance that law enforcement agencies, governmental agencies or gaming regulatory authorities, whether in existing or new jurisdictions,
will not seek to restrict our business or otherwise institute enforcement proceedings or other legal claims against the Company. Moreover,
in addition to the risk of such enforcement actions or claims, we are also at risk from loss of business reputation in the event of any
potential legal or regulatory investigation whether or not we are ultimately accused of or found to have committed any violations. 

We
supply our products to operators of gaming venues, platforms and websites who typically must themselves be licensed by gaming regulators.
If any one of these operators fails to maintain its gaming licenses, or violates gaming laws or regulations, our business may suffer,
due to our loss of a viable customer and, in instances where we have a revenue-sharing arrangement with the operator, due to our loss
of our shares of the revenue generated by that operator s business. 

We
supply certain of our products to operators who operate gaming websites. Some of those operators may take bets from customers in sectors
where no gaming laws or regulations exist and where the provision of online gaming is effectively unregulated. Although the Company seeks
to ensure that its customers only take bets in sectors where online gaming is legal, if any of those operators is subjected to investigatory
or enforcement action for acting otherwise, this could result in the operator suffering interventions ranging from special conditions
being applied to its licenses, license suspension or license loss, or the operator otherwise withdrawing from or curtailing its activities
in its sector. Any such developments could adversely affect such operator s revenues and in turn adversely affect our earnings
from such operator. The Company may itself be subject to investigatory or enforcement action (if and to the extent that local laws or
the laws of other jurisdictions in which the Company operates impose liability on suppliers for the activities of the customers that
they supply or for receiving funds that are deemed to be illegal because of such activities). We seek to protect ourselves against any
such liability for the activities of the operators that we supply, including by contractually requiring those operators not to operate
in certain territories and only supplying operators who we have reviewed to determine whether they uphold the requisite standards of
regulatory and legal compliance. Nonetheless, there is a risk that we may fail to undertake sufficient due diligence, fail to receive
accurate information on which to conduct due diligence, or become subject to investigatory or enforcement action should we or any of
our customers be accused of breaching any regulations or laws. Any such action may adversely affect our standing with gaming regulators
and our ability to obtain and retain required licenses and other approvals in other jurisdictions. 

We
may be required to obtain and maintain licenses and certifications from various state and local jurisdictions in order to operate certain
aspects of our business and we and our key personnel and certain security holders may be subject to extensive background investigations
and suitability standards. We may also become subject to regulation in any other jurisdiction where our customers are permitted to operate
in the future. Licenses and ongoing regulatory compliance can be costly. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain new
licenses or renew any of our existing licenses, and the loss, denial or non-renewal of any of our licenses could have an adverse effect
on our business. Generally, regulatory authorities have broad discretion when granting, renewing or revoking approvals and licenses.
Our failure, or the failure of any of our key personnel, systems or machines, in obtaining or retaining a required license or approval
in one jurisdiction could have a negative impact on our ability (or the ability of any of our key personnel, systems or gaming machines)
to obtain or retain required licenses and approvals in other jurisdictions. The failure to obtain or retain a required license or approval
in any jurisdiction would decrease the geographic area where we may operate and generate revenues, decrease our share in the gaming marketplace
and put us at a disadvantage compared with our competitors. In addition, the levy of substantial fines or forfeiture of assets could
significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Some
jurisdictions also require extensive personal and financial disclosure and background checks from persons and entities beneficially owning
a specified percentage of equity securities of licensed or regulated businesses. The failure of beneficial owners of our common stock
to submit to such background checks and provide required disclosure could jeopardize our business. In light of these regulations and
the potential impact on our business, our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for the prohibition of stock
ownership by persons or entities who fail to comply with informational or other regulatory requirements under applicable gaming law,
who are found unsuitable to hold our stock by gaming authorities or whose stock ownership adversely affects our ability to obtain, maintain,
renew or qualify for a license, contract, franchise or other regulatory approval from a gaming authority. The licensing procedures and
background investigations of the authorities that regulate our businesses and the proposed amendment may inhibit potential investors
from becoming significant stockholders or inhibit existing stockholders from retaining or increasing their ownership. 

21 

Our
businesses are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations governing data privacy and security, including
with respect to the collection, storage, use, transmission and protection of personal information and other consumer data. In particular,
the EU has adopted strict data privacy regulations. Following recent developments such as the European Court of Justice s 2015
ruling that the transfer of personal data from the EU to the U.S. under the EU/U.S. Safe Harbor was an invalid mechanism of personal
data transfer, the adoption of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield as a replacement for the Safe Harbor (which has since been declared invalid
by Schrems II), and coming into effect of the EU s General Data Protection Regulation, data privacy and security compliance in
the EU are increasingly complex and challenging. The scope of data privacy and security regulations continues to evolve, and we believe
that the adoption of increasingly restrictive regulations in this area is likely within the U.S. and other jurisdictions. Compliance
with data privacy and security restrictions could increase the cost of our operations and failure to comply with such restrictions could
subject us to criminal and civil sanctions as well as other penalties. 

We
are subject to the provisions of the UK Bribery Act 2010, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws. The
UK Bribery Act generally prohibits giving a financial or other advantage to another person with the intention of inducing that person
to improperly perform a relevant function or activity. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act generally prohibits U.S. persons and companies
and their agents from offering, promising, authorizing or making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of
obtaining or retaining business. Certain of these anti-corruption laws also contain provisions that require accurate record keeping and
further require companies to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Because a significant percentage
of our revenue derives from foreign sources, and our business activities involve continuing relationships with governmental regulators,
there exists a risk that certain provisions of these anti-corruption laws may be breached. We are also subject to anti-money laundering
and anti-terrorist financing laws and regulations, and to economic and trade sanctions programs administered by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control (OFAC) in the United States relating to our ability to engage in transactions with entities that are domiciled in countries
or territories subject to comprehensive OFAC trade sanctions (currently, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and Crimea), or that are included
on OFAC s list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons. Although we have policies and controls in place that are
designed to ensure compliance with these laws, if those controls are ineffective or an employee or intermediary fails to comply with
the applicable regulations, we may be subject to criminal and civil sanctions as well as other penalties. Any such violation could disrupt
our business and adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

We
review and develop our internal compliance programs in an effort to ensure that we comply with legal requirements imposed in connection
with our business activities. The compliance program is run on a day-to-day basis by our in-house legal department with compliance and
technical advice provided by our compliance manager and outside professionals. There can be no assurance that such steps will prevent
the violation of one or more laws or regulations, or that a violation by us or an employee will not result in the imposition of administrative,
civil and even criminal sanctions, monetary fines or suspension or revocation of one or more of our licenses. 

Our
industry is subject to regulations that set parameters for levels of gaming or wagering duty, tax, stake, prize and return to player. 

In
most jurisdictions in which we operate or expect to seek to operate, the level of duty or taxation, the stake, prize and return to player
of wagering, betting and lottery games and the speed at which players can participate in gaming are defined in government regulations
which are subject to change. Those regulations may also affect the premises in which gaming activities may take place (i.e., by limiting
the number of gaming machines which may be housed in a licensed gaming location, or by restricting the locations in which licensed gaming
premises may be situated). Once authorized, such parameters are subject to extensive and evolving governmental regulation. Moreover,
such gaming regulatory requirements vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Therefore, we are subject to a wide range of complex gaming
parameters in the jurisdictions in which we are licensed. If a key parameter is changed, such as the level of taxation or duty or the
maximum stake or prize or return to player of a game, then it may be to the detriment of our business, financial condition, results and
prospects or we may be unable to distribute our products profitably. 

Our
business is subject to evolving technology. 

The
sectors for our products are affected by changing technology, new regulations and evolving industry standards. Our ability to anticipate
or respond to such changes and to develop and introduce new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis will be a significant
factor in our ability to expand, remain competitive, attract new customers and retain existing contracts. For example, some of our contracts
with customers require that the technology being licensed by the customer remain compliant with applicable regulations. Because regulatory
changes cannot always be foreseen, such contractual requirements can from time-to-time result in us having to incur unforeseen costs
to adapt our technology to changes in regulation. 

Generally,
there can be no assurance that we will achieve the necessary technological advances, have the financial resources, introduce new products
or services on a timely basis or otherwise have the ability to compete effectively on a technological basis in the sectors we serve. 

22 

Our
business competes on the basis of the stability, security and integrity of our software, networks, systems, games and products. 

We
believe that our success depends, in significant part, on providing secure products and systems to our vendors and customers with high
levels of uptime, quality and availability. Attempts to penetrate security measures may come from various combinations of customers,
retailers, vendors, players, employees and others. Our ability to monitor and ensure quality of our products is continually reviewed
and enhanced. There can be no assurance that our business might not be affected by a security breach, virus, Denial of Service attack,
or technical error, failure or lapse which could have an adverse impact on our business. 

Additionally,
we maintain a large number of games and terminals and jackpot systems, which rely on algorithms and software designed to pay out winnings
to players at certain ratios. Our systems, testing and processes to monitor and ensure the payout of games are continually reviewed and
enhanced, and are additionally reviewed and tested by third-party expert test houses. There can be no assurance that our business might
not be affected by a malicious or unintentional breach or technical error, failure or lapse which could have an adverse impact on payout
ratios which would consequently have an adverse effect on our business in the form of lost revenues or penalty payments to players or
customers. Gaming regulators may take enforcement action against us (including the imposition of significant fines) where the payout
ratios fall below the ratios advertised to customers, or our software, networks, systems, games and/or products otherwise suffer from
technical error, failure or lapse. 

We
may be adversely affected by disruptions to our transaction gaming and lottery systems, as well as disruptions to our internal enterprise
and information technology systems. 

Our
operations are dependent upon our transactional gaming, lottery and information technology systems. We rely upon such systems to manage
customer systems on a timely basis, to coordinate our sales and installation activities across all of our locations and to manage invoicing.
A substantial disruption in our transactional gaming, lottery and information technology systems for any prolonged time period (arising
from, for example, system capacity limits from unexpected increases in our volume of business, outages, computer viruses, unauthorized
access or delays in its service) could result in delays in serving our customers, which could adversely affect our reputation and customer
relationships and could result in monetary penalties pursuant to the terms of customer contracts. Our systems might be damaged or interrupted
by natural or man-made events or by computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar disruptions affecting the Internet
and our disaster recovery plan may be ineffective at mitigating the effects of these risks. Such delays, problems or costs could have
an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Because
tax laws and regulations are subject to interpretation and uncertainty, tax payments may ultimately differ from amounts currently recorded
by the Company. 

We are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, in both
the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. The determination of the Company s worldwide provision for income taxes and other
tax liabilities requires judgment and is based on diverse legislative and regulatory structures that exist in the various jurisdictions
where the company operates. The ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in the Company s financial statements and may
adversely affect the Company s financial results for the period when such determination is made. Tax authorities may disagree with certain
positions we have taken and assess additional taxes via tax audit. We work with local tax experts to support our tax provisions in line
with our tax strategy. However, there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to challenge and the future outcome of any potential
audits could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Gaming
opponents persist in their efforts to curtail legalized gaming, which, if successful, could limit our existing operations. 

Legalized
gaming is subject to opposition from gaming opponents, including in the UK, Italy and other sectors where we are active. There can be
no assurance that this opposition will not succeed in either preventing the legalization of gaming in jurisdictions where these activities
are presently prohibited or prohibiting or limiting the expansion or continuance of gaming where it is currently permitted, in either
case to the detriment of our business, financial condition, results and prospects. 

Our
directors and key personnel are subject to the approval of certain regulatory authorities, which, if withheld, would require us to sever
our relationship with non-approved individuals, which could adversely impact our operations. 

Our
members, managers, directors, officers and key employees must be approved by certain government and state regulatory authorities. If
such regulatory authorities were to find a person occupying any such position unsuitable, we would be required to sever our relationship
with that person. We may thereby lose key personnel which would have a negative effect on our operations. Certain public and private
issuances of securities and certain other transactions by us also require the approval of certain state regulatory authorities. Further,
our gaming regulators can require us to disassociate ourselves from suppliers or business partners found unsuitable by the regulators.
The regulatory environment in any particular jurisdiction may change in the future and any such change could have an adverse effect on
our results of operations. In addition, we are subject to various gaming taxes, which are subject to increase at any time. 

23 

Licensing
and gaming authorities have significant control over our operations and ownership, and could cause us to redeem certain stockholders
on potentially disadvantageous terms. 

Regulatory
authorities have broad powers to request detailed financial and other information, to limit, condition, suspend or revoke a registration,
gaming license or related approval and to approve changes in our operations. Some jurisdictions also require extensive personal and financial
disclosure and background checks from persons and entities beneficially owning a specified percentage of equity securities of licensed
or regulated businesses. For example, in the UK, an entity holding a gambling license must notify the Gambling Commission of the identity
of any stockholder holding, directly or indirectly, 3 or more of its equity or voting rights, and must apply for permission to continue
to rely on its operating license whenever a new person acquires, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of its equity or voting rights.
The failure of beneficial owners of our common stock to submit to such background checks and provide required disclosure could jeopardize
our business. Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, to the extent required by the gaming authority
making the determination of unsuitability or to the extent the board of directors determines, in its sole discretion, that a person is
likely to jeopardize the Company s or any affiliate s application for, receipt of, approval for, right to the use of, or
entitlement to, any gaming license, shares of our capital stock that are owned or controlled by an unsuitable person or its affiliates
are subject to mandatory redemption by us. The redemption price may be paid in cash, by promissory note, or both, as required, and pursuant
to the terms established by, the applicable gaming authority and, if not, as we elect. Such a redemption could occur on terms or at a
time that a stockholder believes to be disadvantageous. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with, or liabilities under, any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business,
investments and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional, state and local governments, including non-U.S. governments. Compliance
with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and
their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have an adverse effect on our business,
investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied,
or liabilities thereunder, could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Certain
of our executive officers and directors may become affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those conducted
by us (or may enter into similar business activities in the future) and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining whether
a particular business opportunity should be presented to us or to another entity. 

Certain
of our executive officers and directors may become affiliated with entities that are engaged in businesses similar to the ones we operate
(or may enter into similar business activities in the future). As a result, any of them may become aware of business opportunities which
may be appropriate for presentation to us and to other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly,
they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented to us
or to another entity. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential business opportunity may be presented to another
entity prior to its presentation to us. Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest
in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in
his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one that we are legally and contractually permitted
to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

We
are a holding company and conduct all of our operations through our subsidiaries. 

We
are a holding company and derive all of our operating income from our subsidiaries. Other than any cash we retain, all of our assets
are held by our direct and indirect subsidiaries. We rely on the earnings and cash flows of our subsidiaries, which are paid to us by
our subsidiaries, if and only to the extent available, in the form of dividends and other payments or distributions, to meet our debt
service obligations. The ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments or distributions to us will depend upon
their respective operating results and may be restricted by, among other things, the laws of their jurisdiction of organization (which
may limit the amount of funds available for the payment of dividends and other distributions to us), the terms of existing and future
indebtedness and other agreements of our subsidiaries and the covenants of any future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries
incur. 

24 

Our
inability to complete future acquisitions of gaming and related businesses we acquire in the future could limit our future growth, if
any. 

We
continue to pursue expansion and acquisition opportunities in gaming and related businesses. There can be no assurance that acquisition
opportunities will be available on acceptable terms or at all or that we will be able to obtain necessary financing or regulatory approvals
to complete potential acquisitions. Our ability to succeed in implementing our strategy will depend upon the ability of our management
to identify, complete and successfully integrate commercially viable acquisitions. Acquisition transactions may disrupt our ongoing business
and distract management from other responsibilities. Any future acquisition transactions involving the use of company stock would dilute
our existing stockholders and earnings per share. 

Our
business may be affected by changes in general and local economic and political conditions. 

The
demand for our services is sensitive to general and local economic conditions over which we have no control, including changes in the
levels of consumer disposable income and geographic exposure to macro-economic trends and taxation. In addition, the economic stability
of certain Eurozone countries where we conduct or intend to conduct business may become affected by sovereign debt crises or other general
and local economic and political conditions. Adverse changes in economic conditions may affect our business generally or may be more
prevalent or concentrated in particular sectors in which we operate. Any deterioration in economic conditions or the continuation of
uncertain economic conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Other economic risks which may adversely affect our performance include high interest rates, inflation and volatile foreign exchange
markets, and effects arising from Great Britain s exit from the European Union Brexit ). 

The
performance of our business may also be subject to political risks in certain jurisdictions where we operate, including change of government,
political unrest, war or terrorism. 

Our
revenues can vary substantially from period to period and you should not rely upon our periodic operating results as indications of future
performance. 

Our
revenues are subject to variations. Wagering equipment sales and software license revenues usually reflect a limited number of large
transactions, which may not recur on an annual basis. Consequently, revenues and operating results can vary substantially from period
to period as a result of the timing of major equipment sales and software license revenue. In addition, revenues may vary depending on
the timing of contract awards and renewals, changes in customer budgets and general economic conditions. Revenues may also vary based
on adverse sequences of payouts of prizes, unusual jackpot wins, and other variations in game margin. 

Our
business could also be affected by natural or man-made disasters such as floods, storms or terrorist attacks. We have taken steps to
have disaster recovery plans in place but there can be no assurance that such an event would not have a significant adverse impact on
our business. 

We
have operations in a variety of countries, which subjects us to additional risks. 

We
are a global business and derived substantially all of our revenue outside the United States during the year ended December 31, 2022.
In the year ended December 31, 2022, we earned approximately 73 of our revenue from our operations in the UK, 8 of our revenue from
our operations in Greece, and 19 of our revenue from our operations in the rest of the world. Our business in foreign markets subjects
us to risks customarily associated with such operations, including: 

foreign withholding taxes
 on, or bank regulatory restrictions on expatriating, our subsidiaries earnings that could reduce cash flow available to meet
 our required debt service and other obligations; 

the complexity of foreign
 laws, regulations and markets; 

the impact of foreign labor
 laws and disputes; 

potential risks relating
 to our ability to manage our foreign operations, monitor our customers activities or our partners activities which
 may subject us to risks involving such other entities financial condition or to inconsistent interests or goals; 

recent gaming tax increases
 in Italy; 

25 

other economic, tax and
 regulatory policies of foreign governments; and 

the ability to attract
 and retain key personnel in foreign jurisdictions. 

Our
consolidated financial results are significantly affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Foreign currency exchange rate
exposures arise from current transactions and anticipated transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. Dollars, and from the
translation of foreign currency balance sheet accounts into GBP-denominated or USD-denominated balance sheet accounts. Exposure to currency
exchange rate fluctuations exists and will continue because a significant portion of our revenues are denominated in currencies other
than the USD, particularly GBP and the Euro. Exchange rate fluctuations have in the past adversely affected operating results and cash
flows and may continue to adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows and the value of assets. 

As
a result of the geographic concentration of our operations in the UK, Italy and Greece, our operating results and cash flow depend significantly
on economic conditions and the other factors listed above in these sector areas. There can be no assurance that we will be able to operate
on a continuing successful basis in these sectors or in any combination of different geographical sectors. 

Our
business could be negatively affected by ownership changes and consolidation in the gaming industry. 

Because
a substantial part of our revenue is recurring in nature, our medium to long term results of operations, cash flows and financial condition
could be negatively affected if any of our customers were sold to or merged with other customers, or if consolidation in the gaming industry
were otherwise effected. Consolidation among gaming operators could result in our customers using more products and services of our competitors
or reducing their spending on our products, or could otherwise cause downward pricing pressures, any of which outcomes could negatively
affect our business. 

We
may not be able to capitalize on the expansion of interactive gaming or other trends and changes in the gaming and lottery industries,
including due to laws and regulations governing these industries, and other factors. 

We
participate in new and evolving aspects of the interactive gaming and lottery industries. Part of our strategy is to take advantage of
the liberalization of regulations covering these industries on a global basis. These industries involve significant risks and uncertainties,
including legal, business and financial risks. The fast-changing environment in these industries can make it difficult to plan strategically
and can provide opportunities for competitors to grow their businesses at our expense. Consequently, our future results of operations,
cash flows and financial condition are difficult to predict and may not grow at the rates we expect. 

Laws
relating to interactive gaming are evolving. To varying degrees, governments have taken steps to change the regulation of interactive
wagering through the implementation of new or revised licensing and taxation regimes, including the possible imposition of sanctions
on unlicensed providers. We cannot predict the timing, scope or terms of the implementation or revision of any such state, federal or
foreign laws or regulations, or the extent to which any such laws and regulations may facilitate or hinder our strategy. 

In
jurisdictions that authorize interactive gaming, we cannot assure that we will be successful in offering our technology, content and
services to interactive gaming operators, because we expect to face intense competition from our traditional competitors in the gaming
and lottery industries as well as a number of other domestic and foreign competitors (and, in some cases, the operators themselves),
many of which have substantially greater financial resources or experience in this area than we do. 

Know-your-customer
and geo-location programs and technologies supplied by third parties are an important aspect of certain interactive gaming products and
services, because they can confirm certain information with respect to players and prospective players, such as age, identity and location.
Payment processing programs and technologies, typically provided by third parties, are also a necessary feature of interactive wagering
products and services. These programs and technologies are costly, and our use of them may have an adverse impact on our results of operations,
cash flows and financial condition. Additionally, we cannot assure that products or services containing these programs and technologies
will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, or that they will perform accurately or otherwise in accordance
with required specifications. 

26 

Our
business is capital intensive and our ability to retain customers may be influenced by our ability to deploy additional capital. 

Customers
of our server based gaming products may request us to incur capital expenditures to provide gaming terminals to support their land-based
operations. While we seek to obtain what we believe to be satisfactory rates of return on such investments, these capital expenditures
can be meaningful and may be concentrated within short periods of time. To the extent that we have insufficient access to capital or
liquidity at the time that a customer, or prospective customer, makes such a request, we may be at a competitive disadvantage in retaining
or attracting such customer. Such a circumstance could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
or prospects. 

We
may be subject to claims arising from the operations of our various businesses for periods prior to the dates we acquired them. 

We
may be subject to claims or liabilities arising from the ownership or operation businesses we have acquired for the periods prior to
our acquisition of them, including environmental, employee-related and other liabilities and claims not covered by insurance. 

Our
success depends upon our key personnel. 

Our
business results depend largely upon the continued contributions of various members of our management team, as well as certain key technical
specialists, game designers, operational experts and other developers and operators of key intellectual property and processes. If we
lose the services of one or more members of our management team or key employees, our business, financial condition and results of operations,
as well as the market price of our securities, could be adversely affected. 

The
long-term performance of our business relies on our ability to attract, develop and retain talented personnel and our labor force while
controlling our labor costs. 

To
be successful, we must attract, develop and retain highly qualified and talented personnel who have the experience, knowledge and expertise
to successfully implement our key business strategies. We also must attract, develop and retain our labor force while maintaining labor
costs. We compete for employees, including sales people, regional management, executive officers and others, with a broad range of employers
in many different industries, including large multinational firms, and we invest significant resources in recruiting, developing, motivating
and retaining them. The failure to attract and retain key employees, or to develop effective succession planning to assure smooth transitions
of those employees and the knowledge, customer relationships and expertise they possess, could negatively affect our competitive position
and our operating results. Further, if we are unable to cost-effectively recruit, train and retain sufficient skilled personnel, we may
not be able to adequately satisfy increased demand for our products and services, which could adversely affect our operating results. 

Restrictions
in our existing borrowings, including covenants set forth in our existing debt facilities, or any other indebtedness we may incur in
the future, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations, and our ability to make distributions
to stockholders and the value of our common stock. 

Our
existing borrowings, and any other indebtedness we may enter into, may limit our ability to, among other things: 

incur or guarantee additional
 debt 

make distributions or dividends
 on or redeem or repurchase shares of common stock 

make certain investments
 and acquisitions 

make capital expenditures 

incur certain liens or
 permit them to exist 

enter into certain types
 of transactions with affiliates 

acquire, merge or consolidate
 with another company and 

transfer, sell or otherwise
 dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. 

27 

The
provisions of our existing borrowings may affect our ability to obtain future financing and pursue attractive business opportunities
and our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in business conditions. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our senior debt consisted of an aggregate of 235.0 million 282.9 million) of Senior Secured Notes (carrying
an interest rate of 7.875 per annum, and maturing on June 1, 2026), and we had 20.0 million 24.1 million) of credit facility
borrowings available under the RCF Agreement (see Note 13). 

The
Indenture governing the Senior Secured Notes contains incurrence covenants that limit the ability of the Company and the Company s
restricted subsidiaries to, among other things, (i) incur or guarantee additional debt and issue certain preferred stock of restricted
subsidiaries; (ii) create or incur certain liens; (iii) make restricted payments, including dividends or distributions to the Company s
stockholders or repurchase the Company s stock; (iv) prepay or redeem subordinated debt; (v) make certain investments, including
participating joint ventures; (vi) create encumbrances or restrictions on the payment of dividends or other distributions by restricted
subsidiaries; (vii) sell assets, or consolidate or merge with or into other companies; (viii) sell or transfer all or substantially all
of the Company s assets or those of the Company s subsidiaries on a consolidated basis; (ix) engage in certain transactions
with affiliates; and (x) create unrestricted subsidiaries. Certain of these covenants will be suspended if and for so long as the Senior
Secured Notes have investment grade ratings from any two of Moody s Investors Service, Inc., Standard Poor s Investors
Ratings Services and Fitch Ratings, Inc. These covenants are subject to exceptions and qualifications as set forth in the Indenture. 

The
RCF Agreement governing credit facility borrowings contains various covenants (which include restrictions regarding the incurrence of
liens, the incurrence of indebtedness by the Company s subsidiaries and fundamental changes, subject in each case to certain exceptions),
representations, warranties, limitations and events of default (which include non-payment, breach of obligations under the financing
documents, cross-default, insolvency and litigation) customary for similar facilities for similarly rated borrowers and subject to customary
carve-outs and grace periods. Following the occurrence of an event of default which has not been waived or remedied, the Lenders who
represent more than 66.67 of total commitments under the RCF may, subject to the terms of an intercreditor agreement (which governs
the relationship between the Lenders and the holders of the Senior Secured Notes), instruct the agent to (i) accelerate the RCF Loans,
(ii) instruct the security agent to enforce the transaction security and/or (iii) exercise any other remedies available to the Lenders. 

The
RCF Agreement requires that the Company maintain a maximum consolidated senior secured net leverage ratio of 6.25x on the test date for
the relevant period ending June 30, 2022, stepping down to 6.0x on March 31, 2022, 5.75x on March 31, 2023 and 5.50x from March 31, 2024
and thereafter (the RCF Financial Covenant ). The RCF Financial Covenant is calculated as the ratio of consolidated senior
secured net debt to consolidated pro forma EBITDA (defined as net loss excluding depreciation and amortization, interest expense, interest
income and income tax expense) for the 12-month period preceding the relevant quarterly testing date and is tested quarterly on a rolling
basis, subject to the Initial Facility (as defined in the RCF Agreement) being drawn on the relevant test date. The RCF Agreement does
not include a minimum interest coverage ratio or other financial covenants. 

We
may have future capital needs and may not be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms. 

Economic
and credit market conditions, the performance of the gaming industry and our financial performance, as well as other factors, may constrain
our financing abilities. Our ability to secure additional financing, if available, and to satisfy our financial obligations under indebtedness
outstanding from time to time will depend upon our future operating performance, the availability of credit, economic conditions and
financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

We
may require additional financing to fund our operations and growth. The failure to secure additional financing could have an adverse
effect on our continued development or growth. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to
us. 

28 

We
may be unable to identify and develop sufficient new products and product lines and integrate them into our existing business, which
may adversely affect our ability to compete our expansion into new sectors may present competitive and regulatory challenges that
differ from current ones. 

Our
business depends in part on our ability to identify and develop future products and product lines that complement existing products and
product lines and that respond to our customers and players needs. We may not be able to compete effectively unless our
product selection keeps up with trends in the sectors in which it competes or trends in new products. If our new products and product
lines do not meet our customers and players expectations, or if they are not brought to market in a timely and effective
manner, our revenue (especially our revenue under revenue participation-based contracts) and financial performance will be negatively
affected. In addition to market factors, our ability to develop new products and their ability to achieve commercial success will depend
on a number of factors, including our ability to: 

effectively market our
 games to our customers and to existing and new players; 

adapt to changing customer
 needs and player preferences; 

adapt to new technologies; 

adapt game features and
 contents for an increasingly diverse set of devices and specifications; 

minimize launch delays
 and cost overruns on the development of new products and features; 

expand and enhance games
 and content after their initial release; 

attract, retain and motivate
 talented and experienced game designers, product managers and engineers; 

achieve and maintain player
 engagement; 

develop games that can
 build upon or become franchise games; 

maintain quality content
 and game experience; 

compete successfully against
 a large and growing number of market participants; 

integrate new products
 and product lines into our existing business; and 

minimize and quickly resolve
 bugs or outages. 

In
addition, if new technologies are protected by the intellectual property rights of others, including our competitors, we may be prevented
from introducing new products and product lines based on these technologies or expanding into sectors created by these technologies.
Even if we are able to develop new products and product lines that achieve success, it is possible that these products and product lines
could divert players of our other games without growing our overall user base, which could harm our operating results. Furthermore, the
success of new products and product lines will depend upon market demand and there is a risk that new products and product lines will
not deliver expected results, which could adversely affect our future sales and results of operations. It is difficult to know whether
we will succeed in continuing to develop successful new products and product lines. 

Our
expansion into new sectors may present competitive, distribution and regulatory challenges that differ from current ones. We may be less
familiar with new product categories and may face different or additional risks, as well as increased or unexpected costs, compared to
existing operations. 

Changes
in customer and player preferences could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Competition
in the gaming industry is intense and subject to rapid change, including changes from evolving customer and player preferences. Accordingly,
our success in the gaming industry is dependent on our ability to offer attractive products to our customers and players. In the markets
in which we operate, we compete with various other gaming vendors and our customers and players now have access to many other forms of
recreational and leisure activities. Our participation-based revenue will depend on the appeal of our gaming offerings to our customers
and players relative to our competitors. If we are not able to anticipate and react to changes in customer and player preferences, our
competitive and financial position may be adversely affected. 

In
addition, our future success will also depend on the success of the gaming industry as a whole in attracting and retaining players. Gaming
may lose popularity as new leisure activities arise or as other leisure activities become more popular. Alternatively, changes in social
mores and demographics could result in reduced acceptance of gaming as a leisure activity. If the popularity of gaming declines for any
reason, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

29 

Our
financial success is dependent on our customers ability to attract and maintain players. 

We
have a participation-driven business model, whereby a significant amount of our revenues are generated from the gaming revenue of our
customers, typically as a percentage of gross revenue. Accordingly, our results of operation and financial condition have been and are
expected to continue to be influenced by the ability of our customers to attract and maintain players. The ability of our customers to
attract and maintain players depends on a number of factors, including player gaming preferences, marketing of our products and player
perceptions of our customers. If we are unable to provide our customers with products that players find engaging or fail to perform our
obligations in maintaining the products we provide to our customers, players may reduce the amount they spend with our customers, which
in turn may have an adverse effect on our results of operations (see We may be unable to identify and develop sufficient
new products and product lines and integrate them into our existing business, which may adversely affect our ability to compete 
our expansion into new sectors may present competitive and regulatory challenges that differ from current ones . ). Under most
of our contracts, our customers are under no obligation to market our products and therefore we are dependent on our customers in promoting
our products to maintain and attract players. Failure by our customers to effectively market our products may result in decreased gaming
revenue for our customers from our products, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Player perception of our
customers may also impact the willingness of players to engage with our customers, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our results
of operation. 

Risks
Relating to Our Status as a Public Company and Ownership of Our Common Stock 

We
may be required to recognize impairment charges related to goodwill, identified intangible assets and property and equipment or to take
write-downs or write-offs, restructuring or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results
of operations and stock price, which could have an adverse effect on our common stock and your investment. 

We
are required to test goodwill and any other intangible asset with an indefinite life for possible impairment on the same date each year
and on an interim basis if there are indicators of a possible impairment. We are also required to evaluate amortizable intangible assets
and property and equipment for impairment if there are indicators of a possible impairment. There is significant judgment required in
the analysis of a potential impairment of goodwill, identified intangible assets and property and equipment. If, as a result of a general
economic slowdown, deterioration in one or more of the sectors in which we operate or impairment in our financial performance and/or
future outlook, the estimated fair value of our long-lived assets decreases, we may determine that one or more of our long-lived assets
is impaired. An impairment charge would be determined based on the estimated fair value of the assets and any such impairment charge
could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Even
though these charges may be non-cash items and would not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of
this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about the Company or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature
may cause us to be unable to obtain future financing on favorable terms or at all. 

The
liquidity of the trading markets for our securities and other factors may adversely affect the price of our securities. 

The
price of our securities may be affected by the light volume of the trading markets for our securities as well as a variety of other factors
including due to general economic conditions and forecasts, our general business condition and the release of our financial reports.
If our results do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of our securities may decline. In addition,
fluctuations in the price of our securities could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. Any of the factors listed
below could have an adverse effect on the price of our securities, and our securities may trade at prices significantly below the price
you paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price of our securities may not recover and may experience a further decline. 

Factors
affecting the trading price of the Company s securities may include: 

market conditions affecting
 the gaming industry 

quarterly variations in
 our results of operations 

changes in government regulations 

the announcement of acquisitions
 by us or our competitors 

changes in general economic
 and political conditions 

volatility in the financial
 markets 

results of our operations
 and the operations of others in our industry 

changes in interest rates 

threatened or actual litigation
 and government investigations 

the addition or departure
 of key personnel 

actions taken by our stockholders,
 including the sale or disposition of their shares of our common stock and 

differences between our
 actual financial and operating results and those expected by investors and analysts and changes in analysts recommendations
 or projections. 

Broad
market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our securities irrespective of our operating performance. The stock
market in general, and NASDAQ in particular, have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our securities,
may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for retail stocks or the stocks of other companies which investors
perceive to be similar to the Company could depress our stock price regardless of our business, prospects, financial condition or results
of operations. A decline in the market price of our securities also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities
and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 

Depending
on the number of shares you hold and other factors, you may not be able to sell your shares at the times you prefer at desirable market
prices. 

30 

We
do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock. 

We
do not currently expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock and have not paid cash dividends on our common stock to date. Any future
dividend payments are within the absolute discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon, among other things, our results
of operations, working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements, financial condition, level of indebtedness, contractual
restrictions with respect to payment of dividends, business opportunities, anticipated cash needs, provisions of applicable law and other
factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 

Our
business and stock price may suffer if securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about the
Company, our business, or our sector, or if they change their recommendations regarding our common stock adversely, the price and trading
volume of our common stock could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about
us, our business, our sector, or our competitors. If securities or industry analysts do not continue to cover the Company, our stock
price and trading volume would likely be negatively affected. If any of the analysts who may cover the Company change their recommendation
regarding our stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of our common stock
would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover the Company were to cease coverage of the Company or fail to regularly publish reports
on the Company, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

We
may issue a significant number of shares of our common stock or other securities from time to time. 

We
may issue shares of our common stock or other securities from time to time as consideration for, or to finance, future acquisitions and
investments or for other capital needs. We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our shares or the effect, if any, that future
sales and issuances of shares would have on the market price of our common stock. If any such acquisition or investment is significant,
the number of shares of common stock or the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of other securities that we may
issue may in turn be substantial and may result in additional dilution to our stockholders. We may also grant registration rights covering
shares of our common stock or other securities that we may issue in connection with any such acquisitions and investments. On February
16, 2022, the Company filed a registration statement pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell from time to time, in one or more
series, any one of the following securities of our company, for total gross proceeds up to 300,000,000: 

common stock; 

preferred stock; 

secured or unsecured debt
 securities consisting of notes, debentures or other evidences of indebtedness which may be senior debt securities, senior subordinated
 debt securities or subordinated debt securities, each of which may be convertible into equity securities; 

warrants to purchase our
 securities; 

rights to purchase any
 of the foregoing securities; or 

units comprised of, or
 other combinations of, the foregoing securities. 

31 

Anti-takeover
provisions contained in our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law,
could impair a takeover attempt. 

Our
second amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying or preventing
changes in control or changes in our management without the consent of our board of directors. These provisions include: 

no cumulative voting in
 the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates 

the exclusive right of
 our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation,
 death, or removal of a director with or without cause by stockholders, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies
 on our board of directors 

the ability of our board
 of directors to determine whether to issue shares of our preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares,
 including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership
 of a hostile acquirer 

limiting the liability
 of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers 

designating the Court of
 Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for adjudication of disputes; 

controlling the procedures
 for the conduct and scheduling of stockholder meetings and 

advance notice procedures
 that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon
 at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to
 elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. 

These
provisions, alone or together, could delay hostile takeovers and changes in control of the Company or changes in our board of directors
and management. 

As
a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, which prevents some stockholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding common stock from engaging in certain business combinations
without approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding common stock. Any provision of our second amended and restated
certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit
the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock and could also affect the price that some
investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 

Risks
Relating to Economic and Political Conditions 

Volatility
or disruption in the financial markets could materially adversely affect our business and the trading price of our common stock. 

Our
business relies on stable and efficient financial markets. Any disruption in the credit and capital markets could adversely impact our
ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms. Volatility in the financial markets could also result in difficulties for financial
institutions and other parties that we do business with, which could potentially affect the ability to access financing under existing
arrangements. We are exposed to the impact of any global or domestic economic disruption, including any potential impact of the decision
by the United Kingdom to exit the EU and the sovereign debt crises in certain Eurozone countries where we do business. Our ability to
continue to fund operating expenses, capital expenditures and other cash requirements over the long term may require access to additional
sources of funds, including equity and debt capital markets, and market volatility and general economic conditions may adversely affect
our ability to access capital markets. In addition, the inability of our vendors to access capital and liquidity with which to maintain
their inventory, production levels and product quality and to operate their businesses, or the insolvency of our vendors, could lead
to their failure to deliver merchandise. If we are unable to purchase products when needed, our sales could be materially adversely affected.
Accordingly, volatility or disruption in the financial markets could impair our ability to execute our growth strategy and could have
an adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. 

32 

Currency
exchange rate fluctuations could result in lower revenues, higher costs and decreased margins and earnings. 

We
conduct purchase and sale transactions in various currencies, which increases our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates globally. Additionally, there has been, and may continue to be, volatility in currency exchange rates as a result of the United
Kingdom s June 23, 2016 referendum in which voters approved Brexit and subsequent entry into and ratification of a withdrawal agreement
as of January 29, 2021 followed by an agreement of the terms of a trade and cooperation agreement effective as of December 31, 2021.
It is possible that sovereign debt crises in certain Eurozone countries could lead to the abandonment of the Euro and the reintroduction
of national currencies in those countries. International revenues and expenses generally are derived from sales and operations in various
foreign currencies, and these revenues and expenses could be affected by currency fluctuations, specifically amounts recorded in foreign
currencies and translated into USD for consolidated financial reporting, as weakening of foreign currencies relative to the USD will
adversely affect the USD value of the Company s foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings. Currency exchange rate fluctuations
could also disrupt the business of the independent manufacturers that produce our products by making their purchases of raw materials
more expensive and more difficult to finance. Foreign currency fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. 

We
may hedge other foreign currency exposures to lessen and delay, but not to completely eliminate, the effects of foreign currency fluctuations
on our financial results. Since the hedging activities are designed to lessen volatility, they not only reduce the negative impact of
a stronger USD or other trading currency, but they also reduce the positive impact of a weaker USD or other trading currency. Our future
financial results could be significantly affected by the value of the USD in relation to the foreign currencies in which we conduct business.
The degree to which our financial results are affected for any given time period will depend in part upon our hedging activities, and
there can be no assurance that our hedging activities will be effective. 

Global
economic conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

The
uncertain state of the global economy continues to affect businesses around the world, most acutely in emerging markets and developing
economies. If global economic and financial market conditions do not improve or deteriorate, the following factors could have an adverse
effect on our business, operating results and financial condition: 

Slower consumer spending
 may result in reduced demand for our products, reduced orders from retailers for our products, order cancellations, lower revenues,
 higher discounts, increased inventories and lower gross margins; 

In the future, we may be
 unable to access financing in the credit and capital markets at reasonable rates in the event we find it desirable to do so; 

We conduct transactions
 in various currencies, which increases our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the USD. Continued
 volatility in the markets and exchange rates for foreign currencies and contracts in foreign currencies could have a significant
 impact on our reported operating results and financial condition; 

Continued volatility in
 the availability and prices for commodities and raw materials we use in our products and in our supply chain could have an adverse
 effect on our costs, gross margins and profitability; 

If operators or distributors
 of our products experience declining revenues or experience difficulty obtaining financing in the capital and credit markets to purchase
 our products, this could result in reduced orders for our products, order cancellations, late retailer payments, extended payment
 terms, higher accounts receivable, reduced cash flows, greater expense associated with collection efforts and increased bad debt
 expense; 

If operators or distributors
 of our products experience severe financial difficulty, some may become insolvent and cease business operations, which could negatively
 affect the sale of our products to consumers; and 

If contract manufacturers
 of our products or other participants in our supply chain experience difficulty obtaining financing in the capital and credit markets
 to purchase raw materials or to finance capital equipment and other general working capital needs, it may result in delays or non-delivery
 of shipments of our products. 

33 

International
hostilities, terrorist or cyber-terrorist activities, natural disasters, pandemics, and infrastructure disruptions could prevent us from
effectively serving our customers and thus adversely affect our results of operations. 

Acts
of terrorist violence, cyber-terrorism, political unrest, armed regional and international hostilities and international responses
to these hostilities, natural disasters, including hurricanes or floods, global health risks or pandemics (such as COVID-19) or the
threat of or perceived potential for these events could have a negative impact on us. These events could adversely affect our
customers levels of business activity (or involve government mandated shutdowns of our venues) and precipitate sudden
significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles. These events also pose significant risks to our employees
and our physical facilities and operations around the world, whether the facilities are ours or those of our third-party service
providers or customers. By disrupting communications and travel and increasing the difficulty of obtaining and retaining highly
skilled and qualified personnel, these events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver products and services to our
customers. Extended disruptions of electricity, other public utilities or network services at our facilities, as well as system
failures at our facilities or otherwise, could also adversely affect our ability to serve our customers. We may be unable to protect
our employees, facilities and systems against all such occurrences. We generally do not have insurance for losses and interruptions
caused by terrorist attacks, conflicts and wars. If these disruptions prevent us from effectively serving our customers, our results
of operations could be adversely affected. 

We
face risks and uncertainty arising from the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union. 

Following
from the United Kingdom s public referendum vote to exit from the European Union in June 2016, a withdrawal agreement was signed
by both the United Kingdom and European Union and formally ratified as of January 29, 2021. In accordance with the terms of the agreement,
the terms of a trade and cooperation agreement were agreed between officials from the European Union and United Kingdom on December 31,
2021. As with other businesses operating in the UK and Europe, the measures could potentially have corporate structural consequences,
adversely affect manufacturing and other costs, adversely change tax benefits or liabilities in these or other jurisdictions and could
disrupt some of the markets and jurisdictions in which we operate. In addition, Brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially
divergent national laws and regulations as the United Kingdom determines which European Union laws to replace or replicate. In addition,
the announcement of Brexit has caused significant volatility in global stock markets and currency exchange rate fluctuations, including
the strengthening of the USD against some foreign currencies, and the Brexit negotiations may continue to cause significant volatility.
The outcomes of these provisional and further trade deal negotiations also may create global economic uncertainty, which may cause customers
and potential customers to monitor their costs and reduce their budgets for products and services. Any of these effects of Brexit, among
others, could materially adversely affect the business, business opportunities, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows
of our Company. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

34 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company occupied approximately 240,000 square feet of leased space in the United Kingdom, 3,000 square feet
of leased space elsewhere in Europe, 3,200 square feet in New York and 17,000 square feet in Kochi, India. The primary locations were
as follows: 

Approximately 40,000 square
 feet of office space on one floor in Burton-on-Trent, East Midlands, UK. 

Approximately 2,250 square
 feet of flexible office space in Manchester, UK. 

Approximately 80,000 square
 feet of administrative offices, workshop and warehousing in Bridgend, South Wales, UK. 

Approximately 2,000 square
 feet of offices on one floor in Rome, Italy. 

Approximately 17,000 square
 feet of office space on one floor in Kochi, India. 

Approximately 3,200 square
 feet of office space on one floor in New York. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From
time to time, the Company is involved in legal matters arising in the ordinary course of business. While the Company believes that such
matters are currently not material, there can be no assurance that matters arising in the ordinary course of business for which the Company
is, or could be, involved in litigation, will not have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

35 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is listed and traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol INSE . 

Holders 

As
of March 13, 2023, there were 35 holders of record of our common stock. This does not include the number of stockholders who hold shares of our common stock through banks, brokers or other
financial institutions. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

The
Company s share repurchase activities for the three months ended December 31, 2022 were as follows (1) : 

Period 
 Number of shares purchased 
 Average price paid per share (2) 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 
 Maximum dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs 

October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 
 39,469 
 8.91 
 39,469 
 14,555,517 
 
 November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 

December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 

39,469 
 8.91 
 39,469 
 14,555,517 

(1) 
 On May 10, 2022, the Company
 announced that its Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to 25.0 million of shares of the Company s common
 stock (the Share Repurchase Program ), exclusive of any fees, commissions or other expenses related to such repurchases,
 on or prior to May 10, 2025. The first repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program were made on May 24, 2022. 

(2) 
 The average price paid
 per share includes commissions related to the repurchases. 

Dividends 

We
do not currently expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock and have not paid cash dividends on our common stock to date. Any future
dividend payments are within the absolute discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon, among other things, our results
of operations, working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements, financial condition, level of indebtedness, contractual
restrictions with respect to payment of dividends, business opportunities, anticipated cash needs, provisions of applicable law and other
factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 

ITEM
6. [Reserved] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results could differ materially from the historical results discussed below. Factors that
could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section
titled Risk Factors included elsewhere in this report. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

We
make forward-looking statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
For definitions of the term Forward-Looking Statements, see the definitions provided in the Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements at the start of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Seasonality 

Our
results of operations can fluctuate due to seasonal trends and other factors. Sales of our gaming machines can vary quarter on quarter
due to both supply and demand factors. Player activity for our holiday parks is generally higher in the second and third quarters of
the year, particularly during the summer months and slower during the first and fourth quarters of the year. Historical seasonality has
been impacted by COVID-19 business disruptions and could continue to be impacted in future periods. 

36 

COVID-19
Update 

During
the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2021, all land-based operations were either subject to lockdown or had social distancing restriction
in place. These social distancing measures continued throughout Greece and Italy until the second quarter of 2022, however, were no longer
in place in the United Kingdom from July 2021, and therefore year on year comparisons may not be meaningful due to the COVID-19 impacts. 

Revenue 

We
generate revenue in four principal ways: i) on a participation basis, ii) on a fixed rental fee basis, iii) through product sales and
iv) through software license fees. Participation revenue generally includes a right to receive a share of our customers gaming
revenue, typically as a share of net win but sometimes as a share of the handle or coin in which represents the total amount
wagered. 

Geographic
Range 

Geographically,
the majority of our revenue is derived from, and the majority of our non-current assets are attributable to, our UK operations. The
remainder of our revenue is derived from, and non-current assets attributable to, Greece and the rest of the world (including North
America). 

For
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we derived approximately 73 of our revenue from the UK (including customers headquartered
in the UK but whose revenue is generated globally), 8 from Greece, and the remaining 19 across the rest of the world. During the twelve
months ended December 31, 2021, we derived approximately 71 , 9 and 20 of our revenue from those regions, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our non-current assets (excluding goodwill) were attributable as follows: 78 to the UK, 6 to Greece and 16 across
the rest of the world. 

Foreign
Exchange 

Our
results are affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of the translation of foreign functional currencies into
our reporting currency and the re-measurement of foreign currency transactions and balances. The impact of foreign currency exchange
rate fluctuations represents the difference between current rates and prior-period rates applied to current activity. The geographic
region in which the largest portion of our business is operated is the UK and the British pound GBP is considered to
be our functional currency. Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar USD ). Our results are translated from our functional
currency of GBP into the reporting currency of USD using average rates for profit and loss transactions and applicable spot rates for
period-end balances. The effect of translating our functional currency into our reporting currency, as well as translating the results
of foreign subsidiaries that have a different functional currency into our functional currency, is reported separately in Accumulated
Other Comprehensive Income. 

During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we derived approximately 27 of our revenue from sales to customers outside the UK, compared
to 29 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

In
the section Results of Operations below, currency impacts shown have been calculated as the current-period average GBP:USD
rate less the equivalent average rate in the prior period, multiplied by the current period amount in our functional currency (GBP).
The remaining difference, referred to as functional currency at constant rate, is calculated as the difference in our functional currency,
multiplied by the prior-period average GBP:USD rate. This is not a U.S. GAAP measure, but is one which management believes gives a clearer
indication of results. In the tables below, variances in particular line items from period to period exclude currency translation movements,
and currency translation impacts are shown independently. 

Non-GAAP
Financial Measures 

We
use certain financial measures that are not compliant with U.S. GAAP Non-GAAP financial measures ), including EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA, to analyze our operating performance. In this discussion and analysis, we present certain non-GAAP financial measures,
define and explain these measures and provide reconciliations to the most comparable U.S. GAAP measures. See Non-GAAP Financial
Measures below. 

37 

Results
of Operations 

Our
results are affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily between our functional currency (GBP) and our reporting
currency (USD). During the periods ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the average GBP:USD rates were for the twelve-month
period 1.23 and 1.37, respectively. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our results of operations has been organized in the following manner: 

a discussion and analysis
 of the Company s results of operations for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in
 2021; and 

a discussion and analysis
 of the results of operations for each of the Company s segments (Gaming, Virtual Sports, Interactive and Leisure) for the twelve-month
 periods ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, including KPI analysis. 

In
the discussion and analysis below, certain data may vary from the amounts presented in our consolidated financial statements due to rounding.
Year-on-year comparisons may not be meaningful due to COVID-19 impacts in prior period, as noted above. 

For
all reported variances, refer to the overall company and segment tables shown below. All variances discussed in the overall company and
segment results are on a functional currency (at constant rate) basis, which excludes the impact of any changes in foreign currency exchange
rates. 

Overall
Company Results 

Twelve
Months ended December 31, 2022, compared to Twelve Months ended December 31, 2021 

For the Twelve-Month 
 Variance 

Period ended 
 2022 vs 2021 
 
 (In millions) 
 Dec 31, 
 2022 
 Dec 31, 
 2021 
 Variance Attributable to Currency Movement 
 Variance on a Functional currency basis 
 Total Functional Currency Variance 
 Total Reported Variance 
 
 Revenue: 

Service 
 251.8 
 183.3 
 (29.1 
 97.5 
 53.2 
 37.3 
 
 Product 
 33.6 
 25.6 
 (4.2 
 12.3 
 48.0 
 31.4 
 
 Total revenue 
 285.4 
 208.9 
 (33.3 
 109.8 
 52.6 
 36.6 
 
 Cost of Sales, excluding depreciation and amortization: 

Cost of Service 
 (49.3 
 (34.3 
 5.9 
 (21.0 
 61.3 
 43.9 
 
 Cost of Product 
 (22.7 
 (16.4 
 2.9 
 (9.2 
 55.7 
 38.2 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 (115.6 
 (97.2 
 13.6 
 (32.0 
 33.0 
 18.9 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 (10.8 
 (13.0 
 1.2 
 1.0 
 (7.8 
 (17.2 
 
 Acquisition and integration related transaction expenses 
 (0.5 
 (1.6 
 0.1 
 1.0 
 (63.4 
 (67.6 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 (37.6 
 (47.0 
 4.2 
 5.2 
 (11.1 
 (20.0 
 
 Net operating Income (Loss) 
 48.9 
 (0.6 
 (5.4 
 54.9 
 (30632.3 
 (8714.8 
 
 Other income (expense) 

Interest expense, net 
 (25.4 
 (44.3 
 3.2 
 15.7 
 (35.7 
 (42.7 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 - 
 0.9 
 - 
 (0.9 
 (100.0 
 (100.0 
 
 Profit on disposal of trade assets 
 0.9 
 - 
 (0.0 
 0.9 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Other finance income (expense) 
 1.1 
 5.7 
 (0.1 
 (4.5 
 (78.0 
 (80.2 
 
 Total other income (expense), net 
 (23.4 
 (37.7 
 3.1 
 11.2 
 (29.2 
 (38.0 
 
 Net Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 
 25.5 
 (38.3 
 (2.3 
 66.1 
 (177.4 
 (166.6 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (3.2 
 1.6 
 0.4 
 (5.3 
 (329.4 
 (303.3 

Net Income (Loss) 
 22.3 
 (36.7 
 (1.9 
 60.9 
 (170.5 
 (160.7 

Exchange Rate - to 
 1.23 
 1.37 

See
 Segments Results below for a more detailed explanation of the significant changes in our components of revenue within the
individual segment results of operations. 

Revenue 

Consolidated
Reported Revenue by Segment 

VAT-related revenue for
 the twelve-months ended December 31, 2022 was 1.0 million, and for the twelve-months ended December 31, 2021 was 3.1 million. 

VAT-related
revenue are payments from UK customers related to our contractual revenue share of their value-added tax rebate. 

For
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, revenue on a functional currency (at constant rate) basis increased by 109.8 million, or
53 . 

For
the twelve-month period, Leisure and Gaming service revenue grew by 38.4 million and 30.4 million, respectively, predominately due
to COVID-19 related closures and restrictions in the first six months of the prior year. Virtual Sports and Interactive grew by 25.7
million and 3.0 million, respectively, with 22.6 million of the Virtuals Sports increase from Online and 3.1 million from Retail. 

38 

Cost
of Sales, excluding depreciation and amortization 

Cost
of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, increased by 30.2 million, or 60 .
The increase was driven by Cost of Service of 21.0 million due to COVID-19 related closures in the prior period, and a 9.2 million
increase in Cost of Product. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses 

Selling,
general and administrative SG A expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased by 32.0 million,
or 33 . 

The
increase was driven primarily by the increase in staff cost of 29.2 million, due to the return of furloughed staff and return to full
pay for the current period as well as wage inflation particularly increases in the UK s national living wage of
6.6 (The National Living Wage is an obligatory minimum wage payable to workers in the United Kingdom). 

Stock-based
compensation 

During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded expenses of 10.8 million, compared to expenses of 13.0 million, for
the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. All expenses related to outstanding awards, but the twelve months ended December 31, 2021,
included 1.4 million of shares that fully vested on the date of grant. 

Acquisition
and integration related transaction expenses 

During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an expense of 0.5 million, compared to an expense of 1.6 million, for
the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

Expenses
in both years related to integration costs for the Company s acquisition of both Gaming Technology Group of Novomatic
UK Ltd., and acquisition costs of Sportech Lotteries, LLC as well as costs relating to potential acquisitions. 

Depreciation
and amortization 

Depreciation
and amortization decreased for the twelve-month period by 5.2 million. This was mostly driven by Gaming and Leisure with reductions
of 4.0 million and 1.0 million. The decrease in Gaming was due to a decrease in software amortization as software becomes fully amortized
and machine depreciation as machines in Greece become fully depreciated. 

Net
operating income/(loss) 

During
the twelve-month period, net operating income was 48.9 million, an increase of 54.9 million. These increases were attributable primarily
to the increases in revenue driven by the COVID-19 closures and restrictions in 2021, as well as growth in online revenue and the decrease
in depreciation, partly offset by an increase in Cost of sales and SG A expenses. 

Interest
expense, net 

Interest
expense, net decreased by 15.7 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, which was due to the refinancing in the previous
year with savings due to lower debt interest of 0.6 million, lower debt fee amortization of 0.9 million and the 14.1 million write-off
of debt fees relating to the previous debt. 

Change
in fair value of warrant liability 

With
the expiration of the warrants on December 23, 2021, the liability and the requirement to restate to fair value ceased to exist. For
the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the change in fair value of the warrant liability resulted in a gain of 0.9 million. 

Gain
on disposal of business 

For
the twelve-months ended December 31, 2022, gain on disposal of business was 0.9 million due to the sale of part of our Italian Gaming
operations (see Gaming key events for more information). 

Other
finance income 

Other
finance income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, was a 1.1 million gain. This compares to a 5.7 million gain for the twelve
months ended December 31, 2021. The year-on-year movements relate solely to the retranslation of the principal balance of our senior
debt facilities in place in the previous year. 

39 

Income
tax expense 

Our
effective tax rate for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was (12.9 ), compared to 4.2 for the twelve months ended December
31, 2021. 

Deferred Tax 

We recorded a valuation allowance against all of our deferred tax assets
as of both December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. We intend to continue maintaining a full valuation allowance on our deferred tax
assets until there is sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of these allowances. However, given our current
earnings and anticipated future earnings, we believe that there is a reasonable possibility that within the next 12 months, sufficient
positive evidence may become available to allow us to reach a conclusion that a significant portion of the valuation allowance will no
longer be needed. Release of the valuation allowance would result in the recognition of certain deferred tax assets and a decrease to
income tax expense for the period the release is recorded. However, the exact timing and amount of the valuation allowance release are
subject to change on the basis of the level of profitability that we are able to actually achieve. 

Net
Income/ (loss) 

During the twelve-month period, net income was 22.3
million, an increase of 60.9 million year-over-year, primarily due to an increase in net operating income 54.9 million, a decrease in
interest expense, net 15.7 million, a decrease in other finance income 4.5 million) and increase in income tax expense of 5.3 million). 

Segment
Results for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to the twelve months ended December 31, 2021) 

Gaming 

We
generate revenue from our Gaming segment through the sales and rentals of our gaming machines. We receive rental fees for machines, typically
in conjunction with long-term contracts, on both a participation and fixed fee basis. Our participation contracts are typically structured
to pay us a percentage of net win (defined as net revenue to our operator customers, after deducting player winnings, free bets or plays
and any relevant regulatory levies) from gaming terminals placed in our customers facilities. Typically, we recognize revenue
from these arrangements on a daily basis over the term of the contract. 

Revenue
growth for our Gaming business is principally driven by changes in (i) the number of operator customers we have, (ii) the number of Gaming
machines in operation, (iii) the net win performance of the machines and (iv) the net win percentage that we receive pursuant to our
contracts with our customers. 

Gaming,
Key Performance Indicators 

For the Twelve-Month 
 Period ended 
 Variance 
 2022 vs 2021 
 
 Gaming 
 Dec 31, 
 2022 
 Dec 31, 
 2021 

End of period installed base (# of terminals) (3) 
 35,003 
 31,891 
 3,112 
 9.8 
 
 Total Gaming - Average installed base (# of terminals) (3) 
 34,781 
 31,894 
 2,886 
 9.0 
 
 Participation
 - Average installed base (# of terminals) (3) 
 31,268 
 29,189 
 2,079 
 7.1 
 
 Fixed Rental - Average installed base (# of terminals) 
 3,512 
 2,705 
 807 
 29.8 
 
 Service Only - Average installed base (# of terminals) 
 16,854 
 21,563 
 (4,709 
 (21.8 
 
 Customer Gross Win per unit per day (1) (2) (3) 
 91.0 
 50.7 
 40.4 
 79.7 
 
 Customer Net Win per unit per day (1) (2) (3) 
 66.5 
 37.7 
 28.7 
 76.2 
 
 Inspired Blended Participation Rate 
 5.7 
 6.4 
 (0.7 
 (10.9 
 
 Inspired Fixed Rental Revenue per Gaming Machine per week (2) 
 47.8 
 26.3 
 21.4 
 81.4 
 
 Inspired Service Rental Revenue per Gaming Machine per week (2) 
 4.7 
 3.4 
 1.3 
 36.9 
 
 Gaming Long term license amortization m) 
 4.3 
 5.0 
 (0.7 
 (13.9 
 
 Number of Machine sales 
 2,927 
 3,372 
 (545 
 (16.2 
 
 Average selling price per terminal 
 7,918 
 4,436 
 3,482 
 78.85 

(1) 
 Includes all SBG terminals
 in which the Company takes a participation revenue share across all territories. 

(2) 
 Includes all days of the
 year, including the days during which the Gaming terminals were not operating due to COVID-19 closures. 

(3) 
 Includes circa 2,500 of
 lottery terminals (zero in the prior year) where the share is on handle instead of net win. 

In
the table above: 

End
of Period Installed Base is equal to the number of deployed Gaming terminals at the end of each period that have been placed on
a participation or fixed rental basis. Gaming participation revenue, which comprises the majority of Gaming Service revenue, is directly
related to the participation terminal installed base. This is the medium by which our customers generate revenue and distribute a revenue
share to the Company. To the extent all other KPIs and certain other factors remain constant, the larger the installed base, the higher
the Company s revenue would be for a given period. Management gives careful consideration to this KPI in terms of driving growth
across the segment. This does not include Service Only terminals. 

Revenue
is derived from the performance of the installed base as described by the Gross and Net Win KPIs. 

40 

If
the End of Period Installed Base is materially different from the Average Installed Base (described below), we believe this gives an
indication as to potential future performance. We believe the End of Period Installed Base is particularly useful for assessing new customers
or markets, to indicate the progress being made with respect to entering new territories or jurisdictions. 

Total
Gaming - Average Installed Base is the average number of deployed Gaming terminals during the period split by Participation terminals
and Fixed Rental terminals. Therefore, it is more closely aligned to revenue in the period. We believe this measure is particularly useful
for assessing existing customers or markets to provide comparisons of historical size and performance. This does not include Service
Only terminals. 

Participation
- Average Installed Base is the average number of deployed Gaming terminals that generated revenue on a participation basis. 

Fixed
Rental - Average Installed Base is the average number of deployed Gaming terminals that generated revenue on a fixed rental basis. 

Service
Only - Average Installed Base is the average number of terminals that generated revenue on a Service only basis. 

Customer
Gross Win per unit per day is a KPI used by our management to (i) assess impact on the Company s revenue, (ii) determine
changes in the performance of the overall market and (iii) evaluate the impacts of regulatory change and our new content releases on
our customers. Customer Gross Win per unit per day is the average per unit cash generated across all Gaming terminals in which the Company
takes a participation revenue share across all territories in the period, defined as the difference between the amounts staked less winnings
to players divided by the Average Installed Base in the period, then divided by the number of days in the period. 

Gaming
revenue accrued in the period is derived from Customer Gross Win accrued in the period after deducting gaming taxes (defined as a regulatory
levy paid by the Customer to government bodies) and applying the Company s contractual revenue share percentage. 

Our
management believes Customer Gross Win measures are meaningful because they represent a view of customer operating performance that is
unaffected by our revenue share percentage and allow management to (1) readily view operating trends, (2) perform analytical comparisons
and benchmarking between customers and (3) identify strategies to improve operating performance in the different markets in which we
operate. 

Customer
Net Win per unit per day is Customer Gross Win per unit per day after giving effect to the deduction of gaming taxes. 

Inspired
Blended Participation Rate is the Company s average revenue share percentage across all participation terminals where revenue
is earned on a participation basis, weighted by Customer Net Win per unit per day. 

Inspired
Fixed Rental Revenue per Gaming Machine per week is the Company s average fixed rental amount across all fixed rental terminals
where revenue is generated on a fixed fee basis, per unit per week. 

Inspired
Service Rental Revenue per Gaming Machine per week is the Company s average service rental amount across all service only
rental terminals where revenue is generated on a service only fixed fee basis, per unit per week. 

Gaming
Long term license amortization is the upfront license fee per terminal which is typically spread over the life of the terminal. 

Our
overall Gaming revenue from terminals placed on a participation basis can therefore be calculated as the product of the Participation
- Average Installed Base, the Customer Net Win per unit per day, the number of days in the period, and the Inspired Blended Participation
Rate, which is equal to Participation Revenue . 

Number
of Machine sales is the number of terminals sold during the period. 

Average
selling price per terminal is the total revenue in GBP of the Gaming terminals sold divided by the number of Machine sales . 

41 

Gaming,
Recurring Revenue 

Set
forth below is a breakdown of our Gaming recurring revenue. Gaming recurring revenue principally consists of Gaming participation revenue
and fixed rental revenue. 

For the Twelve-Month 
 Period ended 
 Variance 
 2022 vs 2021 
 
 (In millions) 
 Dec 31, 
 2022 
 Dec 31, 
 2021 

Gaming Recurring Revenue 

Total Gaming Revenue 
 90.8 
 59.4 
 31.5 
 53.0 

Gaming Participation Revenue 
 43.0 
 27.7 
 15.3 
 55.3 
 
 Gaming Other Fixed Fee Recurring Revenue 
 12.8 
 6.9 
 5.9 
 85.6 
 
 Gaming Long-term license amortization 
 4.3 
 5.2 
 (0.8 
 (16.1 
 
 Total Gaming Recurring Revenue 
 60.2 
 39.8 
 20.4 
 51.3 
 
 Gaming Recurring Revenue as a of Total Gaming Revenue 
 66.3 
 67.0 
 (0.8 

Total Gaming excluding VAT-related revenue 
 90.0 
 57.1 

Gaming Recurring Revenue as a of Total Gaming Revenue (excluding VAT-related revenue) 
 66.9 
 69.7 

Does not reflect VAT-related
 revenue. 

Total Gaming Revenue for
 the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, includes 0.8 million and 2.3 million, respectively of VAT-related
 revenue, which is not reflected in Gaming Recurring Revenue for that period. Excluding VAT-related revenue, Gaming Recurring Revenue
 was 67 and 70 , respectively of Total Gaming Revenue for such period. 

Note For the twelve-months
 ending December 31, 2022, there has been some recharacterization between Gaming Participation Revenue and Other Fixed fee revenue
 to ensure consistency with similar items across the Group. No changes to prior year. 

In
the table above: 

Gaming
Participation Revenue includes our share of revenue generated from (i) our Gaming terminals placed in gaming and lottery venues;
and (ii) licensing of our game content and intellectual property to third parties. 

Gaming
Other Fixed Fee Recurring Revenue includes service revenue in which the Company earns a periodic fixed fee on a contracted basis. 

Gaming
Long term license amortization see the definition provided above. 

Total
Gaming Recurring Revenue is equal to Gaming Participation Revenue plus Gaming Other Fixed Fee Recurring Revenue. 

Gaming,
Service Revenue by Region 

Set
forth below is a breakdown of our Gaming service revenue by geographic region. Gaming Service revenue consists principally of Gaming
participation revenue, Gaming other fixed fee revenue, Gaming long-term license amortization and Gaming other non-recurring revenue.
See Gaming Segment Revenue below for a discussion of gaming service revenue between the periods under review. 

42 

For the Twelve-Month 

Period ended 
 Variance 
 
 (In millions) 
 Dec 31, 
 2022 
 Dec 31, 
 2021 
 2022 vs 2021 
 Total Functional Currency 

Service Revenue: 

UK LBO 
 40.7 
 30.3 
 10.4 
 34.2 
 49.4 
 
 UK VAT - Related Income 
 1.0 
 3.1 
 (2.1 
 (66.9 
 (65.5 
 
 UK Other 
 12.1 
 7.9 
 4.2 
 52.6 
 69.0 
 
 Italy 
 2.7 
 2.2 
 0.5 
 24.4 
 37.7 
 
 Greece 
 18.1 
 14.9 
 3.2 
 21.6 
 35.1 
 
 Rest of the World 
 0.7 
 0.4 
 0.4 
 96.1 
 114.0 
 
 Lotteries 
 5.1 
 - 
 5.1 
 NA 
 NA 

Total Service revenue 
 80.4 
 58.8 
 21.6 
 36.8 
 51.8 

Exchange Rate - to 
 1.24 
 1.37 

Note:
Exchange rate in the table is calculated by dividing the USD total service revenue by the GBP total service revenue, therefore this could
be slightly different from the average rate during the period depending on timing of transactions. 

Gaming,
key events 

Total
Gaming Customer Gross Win per unit per day (in our functional currency, GBP) for the twelve-months ended December 31, 2022, increased
by 40.4, or 80 , to 91.0. Much of the increase is driven by retail venues being closed during the first quarter of 2021
and part of the second quarter as a result of COVID-19 restrictions. Another factor was our first year recognizing the newly
acquired Lottery business, which includes just under 2,500 lottery terminals (zero in the prior year) where the share is on handle instead
of net win and achieves Gross Win per unit per day figures above the average of the remaining Gaming sector. 

The
overall participation rate for our installed base decreased from 6.4 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, to 5.7 in 2022.
The decrease was due mainly to the new Lottery business, which delivers high gross win values at lower participation terms than the average
of the remaining Gaming sector. The Lottery business operates close to 2,500 terminals in various locations in the Dominican Republic
 and has an agreement for the supply of these terminals until March 9, 2035. The twelve months of trading delivered 5.1 million
of participation revenue. 

Inspired
rolled out new content across the UK LBO estate during the months of April and May 2022, which resulted in Gaming Customer Gross Win
per unit per day increasing by 4.8 from the second half of 2021 to the second half of 2022 (This comparison is used rather than full
year to help separate the impact of Covid closure in the first half of 2021). 

43 

During
the twelve-months ended December 31, 2022, Inspired recognized contractual performance bonuses of 2.0 million within UK
LBO segment. The bonus payments were triggered by strong year-on-year growth in Gaming Customer Gross Win per shop. 

At
the end of the second quarter of 2022, Inspired secured a five-year contract extension for service and content fees with
one of its largest UK LBO customers. Over 400 Vantage terminals will go on trial during the first quarter of 2023 with
the full roll out plan expected to commence in the fourth quarter of 2023, expecting to be complete by the end of first quarter of 2024. 

During
the fourth quarter of 2022, Inspired s two other major UK LBO customers signed up for new five-year and four-year contracts
respectively. Both customers will refresh their estate with the new Vantage terminal on their own capital expenditure,
all installations are expected to be complete by the end of 2023. 

During
the twelve-month period, Inspired upgraded its Non-LBO UK gaming estate with the installation of 460 Flex and 700 Prismatic 
terminals through a combination of outright sales and lease agreements. In the Dutch gaming market, Inspired continued its
strong relationship with a major customer, delivering outright sales of over 360 digital terminals, which included 100 in the third quarter
and 160 in the fourth quarter. 

In
the UK Casino market, Inspired installed 183 Sabre Hydra terminals into venues which completed the full machine order of
over 200 machines with a major customer. 

In
the North America market, Inspired sold 186 Valor terminals across a number of customers in Illinois. The total sales since
launch in December 2019 are now over 880 terminals. 

Inspired
delivered its second machine order to Western Canada Lottery Corporation (WCLC), our second jurisdiction in North America. Inspired completed
the outright sale of 820 Valor Clamshell terminals in the fourth quarter 2022 which represents the highest single machine
order. As part of the agreement, Inspired will take back the original 100 Valor terminals in the second quarter of 2023,
these terminals will either redeployed in North America or converted for another market. 

During
2022, Inspired delivered the final 308 Valor terminals of a total 500-terminal award to OPAP (Greece) which include an
upfront license fee, this takes Inspired s contracted volumes to 9,440. Inspired rolled out new content during the third quarter,
which has resulted in double-digit growth in Gaming Customer Gross Win per unit per day when compared to the second quarter. 

In
the Italian market, Inspired has transitioned to a content and platform supplier only model beginning January 1, 2022, driving significant
operating expense savings. Inspired sold a large portion of its business to a major machine operator, including customer contracts and
 in country staff. 

Gaming,
Results of Operations 

For the Twelve-Month 
 Period ended 
 Variance 
 2022 vs 2021 
 
 (In millions) 
 Dec 31, 
 2022 
 Dec 31, 
 2021 
 Variance Attributable to Currency Movement 
 Variance on a Functional currency basis 
 Total Functional Currency Variance 
 Total Reported Variance 
 
 Revenue: 

Service 
 80.4 
 58.8 
 (8.8 
 30.4 
 51.8 
 36.8 
 
 Product 
 31.3 
 22.6 
 (4.0 
 12.7 
 56.0 
 38.4 
 
 Total revenue 
 111.7 
 81.4 
 (12.8 
 43.1 
 53.0 
 37.2 

Cost of Sales, excluding depreciation and amortization: 

Cost of Service 
 (19.3 
 (12.8 
 2.3 
 (8.8 
 69.2 
 51.3 
 
 Cost of Product 
 (21.0 
 (14.4 
 2.7 
 (9.3 
 64.5 
 45.8 
 
 Total cost of sales 
 (40.3 
 (27.2 
 5.0 
 (18.1 
 66.7 
 48.4 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 (30.1 
 (28.1 
 3.6 
 (5.6 
 19.7 
 7.2 

Stock-based compensation 
 (1.6 
 (1.8 
 0.2 
 0.0 
 (0.9 
 (11.1 

Depreciation and amortization 
 (16.6 
 (22.5 
 2.0 
 4.0 
 (17.8 
 (26.3 

Net operating Income (Loss) 
 23.1 
 1.8 
 (2.1 
 23.4 
 1227.4 
 1156.3 

Profit on disposal of trade assets 
 0.9 
 - 
 - 
 0.9 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Net Income (Loss) 
 24.0 
 1.8 
 (2.1 
 24.3 
 1280.2 
 1205.7 

Exchange Rate - to 
 1.23 
 1.37 

44 

Note:
Exchange rate in the table is calculated by dividing the USD total revenue by the GBP total revenue, therefore this could be slightly
different from the average rate during the period depending on timing of transactions. 

All
variances discussed in the Gaming results below are on a functional currency (at constant rate) basis, which excludes the impact of any
changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Gaming
Revenue 

During
the twelve-month period, Gaming revenue increased by 43.1 million, or 53 , this was driven by a 30.4 million increase in Service revenue
and 12.7 million increase in Product revenue. 

The
increase in Gaming Service revenue was driven by 20.4 million from the UK market, 5.2 million from the Greek market and 0.9 million
from the Italian market, as all venues were open for the entire period compared to the prior period when the majority of the UK estate,
all Greece retail venues and all Italy retail venues were shut for some of the period and had restrictions for the remaining. 5.6 million
of the increase was due to the addition of the new Lotteries market and 0.4 million from the rest of the world. This was offset by lower
VAT-related revenue of 2.1 million. 

Product
revenue increase was primarily driven by higher Product sales of 9.3 million in North America, 3.3 million of UK sales and 2.0 million
of higher spare sales, partly offset by lower sales of 2.1 million in Italy. 

Gaming
Operating Income 

Operating
income increased for the twelve-month period by 23.4 million. This increase was primarily due to the increase in revenues of 43.1 million
and decrease in depreciation of 4.0 million, primarily due to the decrease in software amortization as software became fully amortized
and due to a decrease in machine depreciation, as machines in Greece become fully depreciated. This was partially offset by an increase
of Cost of sales of 18.1 million and increase of 5.6 million in SG A, as staff returned from furlough or to full salary. 

Gaming
Net Income 

For
the twelve-month period, Net income increased by 24.3 million, from an income of 1.8 million to an income of 24.0 million. This was
due to the increase in Operating income and a 0.9 million profit from the disposal of trade and assets from the sale of part of the
Italian VLT operations (see Gaming key events for more information). 

Virtual
Sports 

We
generate revenue from our Virtual Sports segment through the licensing of our products. We receive fees in exchange for the licensing
of our products, typically on a long-term contract basis, on a participation basis. Our participation contracts are typically structured
to pay us a percentage of net win (defined as net revenue to our operator customers, after deducting player winnings, free bets or plays
and other promotional costs and any relevant regulatory levies) from Virtual Sports content placed on our customers websites or
in our customers facilities. Typically, we recognize revenue from these arrangements on a daily basis over the term of the contract. 

45 

Revenue
growth for our Virtual Sports segment is principally driven by the number of customers we have, the net win performance of the games
and the net win percentage that we receive pursuant to our contracts with our customers. 

Virtual
Sports, Key Performance Indicators 

For the Twelve-Month 
 Period ended 
 Variance 
 2022 vs 2021 
 
 Virtuals 
 Dec 31, 
 2022 
 Dec 31, 
 2021 

No. of Live Customers at the end of the period 
 66 
 61 
 5 
 8.2 
 
 Average No. of Live Customers 
 65 
 60 
 5 
 8.9 
 
 Total Revenue m) 
 44.9 
 26.2 
 18.7 
 71.4 
 
 Total Revenue m - Retail 
 9.5 
 7.2 
 2.2 
 31.2 
 
 Total Revenue m - Online Virtuals 
 35.4 
 19.0 
 16.5 
 86.7 

In
the table above: 

No.
of Live Customers at the end of the period and Average No. of Live Customers represent the number of customers from
which there is Virtual Sports revenue at the end of the period and the average number of customers from which there is Virtual Sports
revenue during the period, respectively. 

Total
Revenue m) represents total revenue for the Virtual Sports segment, including recurring and upfront service revenue. Total
revenue is also divided between Total Revenue m) Retail, which consists of revenue earned through players
wagering at Virtual Sports venues, Total Revenue m) Online Virtuals, which consists of revenue earned through
players wagering on Virtual Sports online. 

Virtual
Sports, Recurring Revenue 

Set
forth below is a breakdown of our Virtual Sports recurring revenue, which consists of Retail Virtuals and Online Virtuals recurring revenue
as well as long-term license amortization. See Virtual Sports Segment Revenue below for a discussion of Virtual Sports
Service revenue between the periods under review. 

For the Twelve-Month Period ended 
 Variance 
 2022 vs 2021 
 
 (In millions) 
 Dec 31, 
 2022 
 Dec 31, 
 2021 

Virtual Sports Recurring Revenue 

Total Virtual Sports Revenue 
 44.9 
 26.2 
 18.7 
 71.2 

Recurring Revenue - Retail Virtuals 
 9.2 
 6.8 
 2.4 
 34.8 
 
 Recurring Revenue - Online Virtuals 
 35.1 
 18.1 
 17.0 
 93.6 
 
 Total Virtual Sports Long-term license amortization 
 0.5 
 0.8 
 (0.3 
 (34.6 
 
 Total Virtual Sports Recurring Revenue 
 44.8 
 25.7 
 19.0 
 73.9 
 
 Virtual Sports Recurring Revenue as a Percentage of Total Virtual Sports Revenue 
 99.7 
 98.1 
 1.6 

46 

Recurring
Revenue includes our share of revenue generated from (i) our Virtual Sports products placed with operators; (ii) licensing our
game content and intellectual property to third parties; and (iii) our games on third-party online gaming platforms that are interoperable
with our game servers. 

Virtual
Sports Long term license amortization is the upfront license fee which is typically spread over the life of the contract. 

Virtual
Sports, key events 

During
the period, we launched Virtual Horse racing with the DC Lottery into their lottery locations. 

New
contracts were signed with Scientific Games for Virtual Sports content to be sold to Netherlands Lottery (NLO), Goldbet covering the
provision of Virtual Sports into both their retail and online channels in Italy and a contract for Class 4 VLT games in Ladbrokes Belgium
retail. 

We
signed a long-term extension to our contract with Betfred covering the provision of Virtual Sports into their retail LBO
estate in the UK. In addition, we signed contract term extensions with Bet Victor, Sisal (Italy), Nik , spol. s r.o (Slovakia)
and additional territories were added to our contract with Kaizen Gaming. 

A
new Virtuals Plug and Play contract was signed with Morocco Lottery and launched, plus an extension to the retail contract. 

We
launched Virtuals Women s Soccer to coincide with UEFA Women s Euro 2022. We also launched Matchday multi-stream with one
of our biggest online customers and Matchday Ultra 2 and Soccer Ultra 2 with SNAI (Italy) retail and online, and optimized OPAP retail
schedule increasing the frequency of events and added product enhancements. 

We
also signed a long-term extension to our contract with 49 s . 

Virtual
Sports, Results of Operations 

For the Twelve-Month 
 Period ended 
 Variance 
 2022 vs 2021 
 
 (In millions) 
 Dec 31, 
 2022 
 Dec 31, 
 2021 
 Variance Attributable to Currency Movement 
 Variance on a Functional currency basis 
 Total Functional Currency Variance 
 Total Reported Variance 

Service Revenue 
 55.1 
 36.0 
 (6.6 
 25.7 
 71.4 
 53.2 

Cost of Service 
 (2.4 
 (1.9 
 0.3 
 (0.8 
 (44.5 
 29.4 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 (6.9 
 (7.1 
 0.8 
 (0.6 
 8.9 
 (2.6 

Stock-based compensation 
 (0.7 
 (0.8 
 0.1 
 0.0 
 (2.1 
 (12.5 

Depreciation and amortization 
 (2.6 
 (3.4 
 0.3 
 0.5 
 (14.4 
 (23.5 

Net operating Income (Loss) 
 42.5 
 22.8 
 (5.1 
 24.7 
 108.4 
 86.1 

Exchange Rate - to 
 1.23 
 1.37 

Note:
Exchange rate in the table is calculated by dividing the USD service revenue by the GBP service revenue, therefore this could be slightly
different from the average rate during the period depending on timing of transactions. 

All
variances discussed in the Virtual Sports results below are on a functional currency (at constant rate) basis, which excludes the impact
of any changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Virtual
Sports revenue 

During
the twelve-month period, revenue increased by 25.7 million, or 71 . This increase was driven by 22.6 million increase in
Online Virtuals, primarily driven by the growth from our existing online customers along with expanding jurisdictions, as well as increases
in Retail Virtuals of 3.1 million, due to retail venues being open for the whole of the period compared to the prior period. 

Virtual
Sports operating income 

Operating
income increased by 25.3 million in the twelve-month period. This increase was primarily due to the increase in revenue of 25.7 million
and a decrease in depreciation and amortization of 0.5 million, partly offset by an increase of 0.8 million of cost of sales. 

Interactive 

We
generate revenue from our Interactive segment through the licensing of our products. Typically, we receive fees in exchange for the licensing
of our products, on a long-term contract basis, on a participation basis. Our participation contracts are usually structured to pay us
a percentage of net win (defined as net revenue to our operator customers, after deducting player winnings, free bets or plays and other
promotional costs and any relevant regulatory levies) from Interactive content placed on our customers websites. Typically, we
recognize revenue from these arrangements on a daily basis over the term of the contract. 

47 

Revenue
growth for our Interactive segment is principally driven by the number of customers we have, the number of live games, the net win performance
of the games and the net win percentage that we receive pursuant to our contracts with our customers. 

Interactive,
Key Performance Indicators 

For the Twelve-Month 
 Period ended 
 Variance 
 2022 vs 2021 
 
 Interactive 
 Dec 31, 
 2022 
 Dec 31, 
 2021 

No. of Live Customers at the end of the period 
 130 
 109 
 21 
 19.3 
 
 Average No. of Live Customers 
 125 
 100 
 25 
 24.5 
 
 No. of Live Games at the end of the period 
 270 
 232 
 38 
 16.4 
 
 Average No. of Live Games 
 254 
 216 
 38 
 17.6 
 
 Total Revenue m) 
 18.8 
 16.6 
 2.2 
 13.0 

In
the table above: 

No.
of Live Customers at the end of the period and Average No. of Live Customers represent the number of customers from
which there is Interactive revenue at the end of the period and the average number of customers from which there is Interactive revenue
during the period, respectively. 

No.
of Live Games at the end of the period and Average No. of Live Games represents the number of games from which there
is Interactive revenue at the end of the period and the average number of games from which there is Interactive revenue during the period,
respectively. 

Total
Revenue m) represents total revenue for the Interactive segment, including recurring and upfront service revenue. 

Interactive,
Recurring Revenue 

All
Interactive revenue in both years was recurring. 

Interactive,
key events 

During
the period ended December 31, 2022, we undertook 49 new brand launches, 24 during the first half of 2022 and 25 during the second half
of 2022. We expanded territories with Bet365, BetMGM and Gamesys in Ontario, along with DraftKings in New Jersey, Connecticut and Pennsylvania
and Rush Street Interactive in Michigan and Pennsylvania. We also expanded into Pennsylvania with BetMGM. 

We
deployed 34 new games in the year, 20 new games in the first half of the year, including Big Egyptian Fortune TM and Big Wheel Bonus TM and
14 new games in the second half, including Cops N Robbers Big Money TM and Santa Linking TM . 

Loto-Quebec
launched our first iLottery title with Pharaon Reaction TM in the first half of 2022 and followed up with a second title in
the second half of 2022. 

48 

Interactive,
Results of Operations 

For the Twelve-Month Period ended 
 Variance 
 2022 vs 2021 
 
 (In millions) 
 Dec 31, 
 2022 
 Dec 31, 
 2021 
 Variance Attributable to Currency Movement 
 Variance on a Functional currency basis 
 Total Functional Currency Variance 
 Total Reported Variance 

Service Revenue 
 23.1 
 22.8 
 (2.7 
 3.0 
 13.0 
 1.2 

Cost of Service 
 (3.7 
 (3.7 
 0.4 
 (0.4 
 10.0 
 (1.3 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 (7.1 
 (6.1 
 0.8 
 (1.9 
 30.9 
 17.1 

Stock-based compensation 
 (0.7 
 (0.6 
 0.1 
 (0.2 
 30.2 
 16.7 

Depreciation and amortization 
 (2.9 
 (3.2 
 0.3 
 (0.0 
 1.2 
 (9.4 

Net operating Income (Loss) 
 8.7 
 9.2 
 (1.0 
 0.5 
 5.3 
 (5.5 

Exchange Rate - to 
 1.23 
 1.37 

Note:
Exchange rate in the table is calculated by dividing the USD service revenue by the GBP service revenue, therefore this could be slightly
different from the average rate during the period depending on timing of transactions. 

All
variances discussed in the Interactive results below are on a functional currency (at constant rate) basis, which excludes the impact
of any changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Interactive
revenue 

During
twelve-month period, revenue increased by 3.0 million, primarily driven by recurring revenue growth due to the consistent launch of
new content across the estate, growth in the customer base in new, emerging and core markets and increased promotional activity through
exclusive deals with tier-one customers. 

Interactive
operating income 

Operating
income for the twelve-month period increased by 0.5 million. This increase was driven by the increase in revenue, partially offset by
a 1.9 million increase in SG A expenses driven by the investment in the segment to help drive revenues and for staff returning from
furlough and to full pay. 

Leisure 

We
typically generate revenue from our Leisure segment through the supply of our gaming and amusement machines. We receive rental fees for
machines, typically on a long-term contract basis, on both a participation and fixed fee basis. Our participation contracts are usually
structured to pay us a percentage of net win (defined as net revenue to our operator customers, after deducting player winnings, free
bets or plays, any relevant regulatory levies and minimum fixed incomes where applicable) from machines placed in our customers 
facilities. We generally recognize revenue from these arrangements on a daily basis over the term of the contract. 

Revenue
growth for our Leisure segment is principally driven by the number of customers we have, the number of machines in operation, the net
win performance of the machines and the net win percentage that we receive pursuant to our contracts with our customers. 

49 

Leisure,
Key Performance Indicators 

For the Twelve-Month 
 Period ended 
 Variance 
 2022 vs 2021 
 
 Leisure 
 Dec 31, 
 2022 
 Dec 31, 
 2021 

End of period installed base Gaming machines (# of terminals) 
 11,008 
 11,418 
 (410 
 (3.6 
 
 Average installed base Gaming machines (# of terminals) 
 10,960 
 11,576 
 (616 
 (5.3 
 
 End of period installed base Other (# of terminals) 
 4,646 
 6,838 
 (2,192 
 (32.1 
 
 Average installed base Other (# of terminals) 
 5,306 
 7,080 
 (1,774 
 (25.1 
 
 Pub Digital Gaming Machines - Average installed base (# of terminals) 
 6,102 
 6,087 
 15 
 0.2 
 
 Pub Analogue Gaming Machines - Average installed base (# of terminals) 
 1,334 
 2,092 
 (759 
 (36.3 
 
 MSA and Bingo Gaming Machines - Average installed base (# of terminals) (1) 
 3,216 
 3,204 
 11 
 0.4 
 
 Inspired Leisure Revenue per Gaming Machine per week 
 64.3 
 36.9 
 27.4 
 74.3 
 
 Inspired Pub Digital Revenue per Gaming Machine per week 
 68.6 
 36.2 
 32.4 
 89.5 
 
 Inspired Pub Analogue Revenue per Gaming Machine per week 
 38.3 
 22.5 
 15.9 
 70.7 
 
 Inspired MSA and Bingo Revenue per Gaming Machine per week 
 91.0 
 50.3 
 40.7 
 81.0 
 
 Inspired Other Revenue per Machine per week 
 19.7 
 11.0 
 8.7 
 78.7 

Total Holiday Parks Revenue (Gaming and Non Gaming) m) 
 30.0 
 21.1 
 8.9 
 42 

(1) 
 Motorway
 Service Area machines 

In
the table above: 

End
of period installed base Gaming and Average installed base Gaming represent the number of gaming machines installed
(excluding Holiday Park machines) that are Category B and Category C only, from which there is participation or rental revenue at the
end of the period or as an average over the period. 

End
of period installed base Other and Average installed base Other represent the number of all other category machines
installed (excluding Holiday Park machines) from which there is participation or rental revenue at the end of the period or as an average
over the period. 

Revenue
per machine unit per week represents the average weekly participation or rental revenue recognized during the period. 

Leisure,
Recurring Revenue 

Set
forth below is a breakdown of our Leisure recurring revenue which consists principally of Leisure participation revenue and Leisure other
fixed fee revenue. See Leisure Segment Revenue below for a discussion of leisure service revenue between the periods under
review. 

For the Twelve-Month 
 Period ended 
 Variance 
 2022 vs 2021 
 
 (In millions) 
 Dec 31, 
 2022 
 Dec 31, 
 2021 

Leisure Recurring Revenue 

Total Leisure Revenue 
 77.7 
 50.0 
 27.7 
 55.3 

Total Leisure Recurring Revenue 
 75.4 
 47.9 
 27.6 
 57.6 
 
 Leisure Recurring Revenue as a Percentage of Total Leisure Revenue 
 97.1 
 95.7 
 1.4 

50 

Leisure,
key events 

During
the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 the holiday parks business delivered record sales and we successfully contracted another
Butlins site, which started earning income in January 2023 making Inspired the sole supplier of amusement
and gaming machines for Butlins for the next seven years, and we secured a new five-year deal with Haven. 

In
the Pubs sector we successfully renewed our contract with Greene King for a further three years and increased our share of the estate
from 36 to 42 . We signed a three-year extension with Mitchells and Butler and were reappointed as a supplier to Marstons for a further
four years. We also divested our prize vend assets in the estate to allow focus on core gaming products with increased margins, which
is the reason for the decline in Other installed base year on year. 

During
the year we have deployed several new titles across the pubs estate, including Cops n Robbers Bank Buster , Space Invaders,
 Centurion Gold Cash Freespins and Party Time Pub Addition demonstrating our commitment to leveraging
Inspired s successful game portfolio for the pub sector. 

Leisure,
Results of Operations 

For the Twelve-Month Period ended 
 Variance 2022 vs 2021 
 
 (In millions) 
 Dec 31, 2022 
 Dec 31, 2021 
 Variance Attributable to Currency Movement 
 Variance on a Functional currency basis 
 Total Functional Currency Variance 
 Total Reported Variance 
 
 Revenue: 

Service 
 93.2 
 65.7 
 (10.9 
 38.4 
 58.4 
 41.8 
 
 Product 
 2.3 
 3.0 
 (0.3 
 (0.4 
 (14.0 
 (23.1 
 
 Total revenue 
 95.5 
 68.7 
 (11.2 
 38.0 
 55.3 
 39.0 

Cost of Sales, excluding depreciation and amortization: 

Cost of Service 
 (23.9 
 (15.9 
 2.9 
 (10.9 
 69.0 
 50.6 
 
 Cost of Product 
 (1.7 
 (2.0 
 0.2 
 0.1 
 (6.2 
 (14.3 
 
 Total cost of sales 
 (25.6 
 (17.9 
 3.1 
 (10.8 
 60.5 
 43.3 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 (45.8 
 (35.1 
 5.2 
 (15.9 
 45.1 
 30.3 

Stock-based compensation 
 (0.6 
 (0.6 
 0.1 
 (0.1 
 11.7 
 0.0 

Depreciation and amortization 
 (13.5 
 (16.1 
 1.6 
 1.0 
 (6.3 
 (16.1 

Net operating Income (Loss) 
 10.0 
 (1.0 
 (1.3 
 12.3 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Exchange Rate - to 
 1.23 
 1.37 

Note:
Exchange rate in the table is calculated by dividing the USD total revenue by the GBP total revenue, therefore this could be slightly
different from the average rate during the period depending on timing of transactions. 

All
variances discussed in the Leisure results below are on a functional currency (at constant rate) basis, which excludes the impact of
any changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Leisure
Revenue 

For
the twelve-month period, revenue increased by 38.0 million, or 55 , respectively, as our business benefitted from no COVID-19 closures
and fewer social distancing restrictions and growth in Service revenue. 

Service
revenue increased by 38.4 million, driven by all markets being open for the whole of the period, particularly Pubs 14.1 million),
Holiday parks 12.3 million), Motorway service areas 8.1 million) and Bingo Halls 2.3 million). 

Leisure
Operating Income/ (Loss) 

Operating
income for the twelve-month period improved by 12.3 million, from a loss of 1.0 million to income of 10.0 million. This was primarily
due to the increase in revenue as venues reopened and COVID-19 restrictions were removed, as well as a reduction in depreciation and
amortization of 1.0 million. This was partially offset by increases in Cost of sales 10.8 million) and SG A expenses 15.9 million),
due to staff returning from furlough and to full pay and in the later months from the increase in the UK national living wage. 

51 

Non-GAAP
Financial Measures 

We
use certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, to analyze our operating performance. We use these financial
measures to manage our business on a day-to-day basis. We believe that these measures are also commonly used in our industry to measure
performance. For these reasons, we believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide expanded insight into our business, in addition
to standard U.S. GAAP financial measures. There are no specific rules or regulations for defining and using non-GAAP financial measures,
and as a result the measures we use may not be comparable to measures used by other companies, even if they have similar labels. The
presentation of non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, or superior to, financial
information prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. You should consider our non-GAAP financial measures in conjunction with
our U.S. GAAP financial measures. 

We
define our non-GAAP financial measures as follows: 

EBITDA
 is defined as net income (loss) excluding depreciation and amortization, interest expense, interest income and income tax expense. 

Adjusted
EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) excluding depreciation and amortization, interest expense, interest income and income
tax expense, and other additional exclusions and adjustments . Such additional excluded amounts include stock-based compensation
U.S. GAAP charges where the associated liability is expected to be settled in stock, and changes in the value of earnout liabilities
and income and expenditure in relation to legacy portions of the business (being those portions where trading no longer occurs) including
closed defined benefit pension schemes. Additional adjustments are made for items considered outside the normal course of business, including
(1) restructuring costs, which include charges attributable to employee severance, management changes, restructuring, dual running costs,
costs related to facility closures and integration costs, (2) merger and acquisition costs and (3) gains or losses not in the ordinary
course of business. This does not include any adjustments related to COVID-19. 

We
believe Adjusted EBITDA, when considered along with other performance measures, is a particularly useful performance measure, because
it focuses on certain operating drivers of the business, including sales growth, operating costs, selling and administrative expense
and other operating income and expense. We believe Adjusted EBITDA can provide a more complete understanding of our operating results
and the trends to which we are subject, and an enhanced overall understanding of our financial performance and prospects for the future.
Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to be a measure of liquidity or cash flows from operations or a measure comparable to net income or loss,
because it does not take into account certain aspects of our operating performance (for example, it excludes non-recurring gains and
losses which are not deemed to be a normal part of underlying business activities) . Our use of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable
to the use by other companies of similarly termed measures. Management compensates for these limitations by using Adjusted EBITDA as
only one of several measures for evaluating our operating performance. In addition, capital expenditures, which affect depreciation and
amortization, interest expense, and income tax benefit (expense), are evaluated separately by management. 

Functional
Currency at Constant rate. Currency impacts discussed have been calculated as the current-period average GBP: USD rate less the
equivalent average rate in the prior period, multiplied by the current period amount in our functional currency (GBP). The remaining
difference, referred to as functional currency at constant rate, is calculated as the difference in our functional currency, multiplied
by the prior-period average GBP: USD rate, as a proxy for functional currency at constant rate movement. 

Currency
Movement represents the difference between the results in our reporting currency (USD) and the results on a functional currency
(at constant rate) basis. 

Reconciliations
from net loss, as shown in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss), to Adjusted EBITDA are shown
below. 

52 

Reconciliation
to Adjusted EBITDA by segment for the Twelve Months ended December 31, 2022 

For the Twelve-Month Period ended
 Dec 31, 2022 
 
 (In millions) 
 Statutory Heading 
 Total 
 Gaming 
 Virtual Sports 
 Interactive 
 Leisure 
 Corporate 
 
 Net Income/ (loss) 
 Net Income 
 22.3 
 24.0 
 42.5 
 8.7 
 10.0 
 (62.9 

Items Relating to Legacy Activities: 

Pension charges (1) 
 SG A 
 0.7 

0.7 

Items outside the normal course of business: 

Acquisition and integration related transaction expenses (2) 
 SG A 
 0.5 
 - 

0.5 
 
 Acquisition and integration related transaction expenses (2) 
 Cost of Sale 
 0.6 
 0.3 

0.3 
 - 
 
 Litigation Settlement (3) 
 SG A 
 0.5 
 
 0.5 

- 

Stock-based compensation expense (4) 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 10.8 
 1.6 
 0.7 
 0.7 
 0.6 
 7.2 

Depreciation and amortization (4) 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 37.6 
 16.6 
 2.6 
 2.9 
 13.5 
 2.0 
 
 Interest expense net (4) 
 Interest expense net 
 25.4 

25.4 
 
 Profit on disposal of trade assets (5) 
 Profit on disposal of trade assets 
 (0.9 
 (0.9 

- 
 
 Other finance expenses / (income) (4) 
 Other finance expenses / (income) 
 (1.1 

(1.1 
 
 Income tax (4) 
 Income tax 
 3.2 

3.2 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 99.6 
 41.6 
 46.3 
 12.3 
 24.4 
 (25.0 

Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 80.8 
 33.6 
 37.7 
 10.0 
 19.9 
 (20.4 

Exchange Rate - to (6) 
 
 1.23 

Note:
Certain unallocated corporate function costs have not been allocated to the Company s reportable operating segments because these
costs are not allocable and to do so would not be practical; these are shown in the Corporate category. 

53 

Reconciliation
to Adjusted EBITDA by segment for the Twelve Months ended December 31, 2021 

For the Twelve-Month Period ended Dec 31,2021 
 
 (In millions) 
 Statutory Heading 
 Total 
 Gaming 
 Virtual Sports 
 Interactive 
 Leisure 
 Corporate 
 
 Net Income/ (loss) 
 
 (36.7 
 1.8 
 22.8 
 9.2 
 (1.0 
 (69.5 

Items Relating to Legacy Activities: 

Pension charges (1) 
 SG A 
 0.8 

0.8 

Items outside the normal course of business: 

Acquisition and integration related transaction expenses (2) 
 SG A 
 1.6 

1.6 
 
 Refinancing of Company Debt (7) 
 SG A 
 0.8 

0.8 
 
 Italian tax related costs relating to prior years (8) 
 SG A 
 1.4 
 
 1.4 

- 

Stock-based compensation expense (4) 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 13.0 
 1.8 
 0.8 
 0.6 
 0.6 
 9.2 

Depreciation and amortization (4) 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 47.0 
 22.5 
 3.4 
 3.2 
 16.1 
 1.8 
 
 Interest expense net (4) 
 Interest expense net 
 44.3 

44.3 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability (4) 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 (0.9 

(0.9 
 
 Other finance expenses / (income) (4) 
 Other finance expenses / (income) 
 (5.7 

(5.7 
 
 Income tax (4) 
 Income tax 
 (1.6 

(1.6 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 64.0 
 26.1 
 28.4 
 13.0 
 15.7 
 (19.2 

Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 46.7 
 19.2 
 20.6 
 9.5 
 11.4 
 (14.0 

Exchange Rate - to (6) 
 
 1.37 

Note:
Certain unallocated corporate function costs have not been allocated to the Company s reportable operating segments because these
costs are not allocable and to do so would not be practical; these are shown in the Corporate category. 

Notes
to Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation tables above: 

(1) 
 Pension
 charges are profit and loss charges included within selling, general and administrative expenses, relating to a defined benefit
 scheme which was closed to new entrants in 1999 and to future accrual in 2010. As well as the amortization of net loss, the figure
 also includes charges relating to the Pension Protection Fund (which were historically borne by the pension scheme) and a small amount
 of associated professional services expenses. These costs are included within Corporate Functions. 

(2) 
 Acquisition
 and integration related transaction expenses, are as described above in the Results of Operations line item discussions.
 For 2022 this includes a write-off of inventory items related to the integration of Gaming Technology Group of Novomatic UK Ltd. 

(3) 
 Litigation
 Settlement refers to full and final settlement of a contractual dispute relating to a Development Services and Management
 Agreement. 

54 

(4) 
 Stock-based
 compensation expense, Depreciation and amortization, Total other expense, net and Income tax are as described above in the Results
 of Operations line item discussions. Total expense, net includes interest income, interest expense, change in fair value of earnout
 liability, change in fair value of derivative liability and other finance income. 

(5) 
 Profit
 on disposal of trade assets In January 2022, the Company sold its Italian VLT business, including all terminals
 and other assets, staff costs and facilities and contracts to a non-connected party, recognizing a profit on this disposal. 

(6) 
 Exchange
 rate in the table is calculated by dividing the USD Adjusted EBITDA by the GBP Adjusted EBITDA, therefore this could be slightly
 different from the average rate during the period depending on timing of transactions. 

(7) 
 In
 May 2021, the Company refinanced its debt. These are outside of the write off of old debt fees recognized in the interest line. 

(8) 
 Italian
 tax related costs relating to prior years invoicing relate to a settlement with the Italian Tax Authorities in respect of
 an audit for the period 2015-2017 in respect of the historic VAT treatment of supplies. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Twelve
Months ended December 31, 2022, compared to Twelve Months ended December 31, 2021 

Cash
Flow Summary - A Two Year Comparative 

Twelve Months ended 
 Variance 
 
 (in millions) 
 Dec 31, 
 2022 
 Dec 31, 
 2021 
 2022 to 2021 
 
 Net profit/(loss) 
 22.3 
 (36.7 
 59.0 
 
 Amortization of debt fees 
 1.8 
 17.2 
 (15.4 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative and warrant liabilities and stock-based compensation expense 
 11.5 
 13.6 
 (2.1 
 
 Foreign currency translation on senior bank debt and cross currency swaps 
 0.0 
 (4.6 
 4.6 
 
 Depreciation and amortization (incl RoU assets) 
 40.0 
 50.3 
 (10.3 
 
 Other net cash utilized by operating activities 
 (40.9 
 (33.6 
 (7.3 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 34.7 
 6.2 
 28.5 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 (40.4 
 (37.9 
 (2.5 
 
 Net cash used/(generated) by financing activities 
 (11.0 
 31.2 
 (42.2 
 
 Effect of exchange rates on cash 
 (6.1 
 1.2 
 (7.3 
 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (22.8 
 0.7 
 (23.5 

Net
cash provided by operating activities 

For
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, net cash inflow provided by operating activities was 34.7 million, compared to a 6.2 million
inflow for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, representing a 28.5 million increase in cash generation. This increase was driven
primarily by trading levels through increases in our online businesses and the worldwide trading restrictions in the previous year resulting
from the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Amortization
of debt fees decreased by 15.4 million, to 1.8 million, due to the reduction in the level of capitalized debt fees after May 2021 following
the Company s refinancing of its debt and the 14.4 million write off of the remaining debt fees from the previous financing arrangement. 

Change
in the fair value of derivative and warrant liabilities and stock-based compensation expense decreased by 2.1 million, from 13.6 million
to 11.5 million. A lower stock-based compensation expense 2.2 million) and a lower gain relating to terminated cross currency swaps 0.8 million) was partly offset by movements in the fair value of warrant liabilities in the prior year 0.9 million). 

Following
the refinancing in May 2021, there has been no foreign currency translation on senior bank debt and cross currency swaps. In the twelve
months ended December 31, 2021, the foreign currency translation on senior bank debt and cross currency swaps resulted in a loss of 4.6
million as a result of the movement in exchange rates during the period. 

Depreciation
and amortization decreased by 10.3 million, to 40.0 million, with reductions of 4.4 million in machine depreciation, 5.0 million
in amortization of intangible assets and 1.0 million in amortization of right of use assets. 

Other
net cash utilized by operating activities increased by 7.3 million, to a 40.9 million outflow. The relative movements between the
twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 resulted in a 17.6 million outflow through
increased inventory holding as Inspired made the strategic decision to secure components and protect sales in a challenging global
supply chain market and a 7.0 million increase in receivables due to timing of sales. These were offset by relative
favorable movements between the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 for prepayments
and accrued income of 10.2 million due to lower trading levels at the start of the previous year, interest accruals of 5.0 million
following the debt refinancing in May 2021 and trade payables and accruals of 1.9 million. 

55 

Net
cash used in investing activities 

Net
cash utilized in investing activities increased by 2.5 million, to 40.4 million in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. This
was driven by higher spend on plant, property and equipment (an 9.6 million increase compared to 2021) and capitalized software (a 4.8
million increase compared to 2021) due to spending in the previous year being low as a result of the pandemic. These were largely offset
by the 12.5 million acquisition of Sportech Lotteries, LLC on December 31, 2021 for which the twelve months ended December 31, 2022
included the final payment of 0.6 million. 

Net
cash (used)/generated by financing activities 

During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, net cash utilized by financing activities was 11.0 million, 10.4 million of which related
to the Company s repurchase of its common shares under the Share Repurchase Program and 0.6 million of which related to finance
lease spend. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, financing activities generated 31.2 million of cash following the receipt
of 30.5 million proceeds from the warrant exercise and a net 1.3 million from the refinancing in May 2021 after payment of associated
fees less a spend of 0.6 million on finance leases. 

Funding
Needs and Sources 

To
fund our obligations, historically we have relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations and the incurrence of additional
debt or the refinancing of existing debt. As of December 31, 2022, we had liquidity consisting of 25.0 million in cash and cash equivalents
and a further 24.1 million of undrawn revolver facility. This compares to 47.8 million of cash and cash equivalents as of December
31, 2021, with a further 27.0 million of revolver facilities undrawn. We had a working capital outflow of 40.9 million for the twelve
months ended December 31, 2022, compared to a 33.6 million outflow for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

The
level of our working capital surplus or deficit varies with the level of machine production we are undertaking and our capitalization
as well as the seasonality evident in some of the businesses. In periods with minimal machine volumes and capital spend, our working
capital is typically more stable. In periods where significant numbers of machines are being produced, the levels of inventory and creditors
are typically higher and there is a natural timing difference between converting the stock into sellable or capitalized plant and settling
payments to suppliers. These factors, along with movements in trading activity levels which were seen during 2021 following
the COVID-19 closures, can result in significant working capital volatility. In periods of low activity, our working capital volatility
is reduced. Working capital is reviewed and managed with the aim of ensuring that current liabilities are covered by the level of cash
held and the expected level of short-term receipts. 

Some
of our business operations require cash to be held within the machines. As of December 31, 2022, 2.5 million of our 25.0 million of
cash and cash equivalents were held as operational floats within the machines. At December 31, 2021, 2.7 million of
our 47.8 million of cash and cash equivalents were held as operational floats within the machines 

Management
currently believes that the Company s cash balances on hand, cash flows expected to be generated from operations, and the ability
to control and defer capital projects will be sufficient to fund the Company s net cash requirements through March 2024. 

56 

Long
Term and Other Debt 

(In millions) 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash held 
 20.8 
 25.0 
 35.4 
 47.8 
 
 Original principal senior debt 
 (235.0 
 (282.9 
 (235.0 
 (316.7 
 
 Cash interest accrued 
 (1.5 
 (1.8 
 (1.6 
 (2.1 
 
 Finance lease creditors 
 (1.8 
 (2.2 
 (2.1 
 (2.8 
 
 Total 
 (217.6 
 (261.9 
 (203.3 
 (273.8 

Debt
Covenants 

Under
our debt facilities in place as of December 31, 2022, we are not subject to covenant testing on the Senior Secured Notes. We are, however,
subject to covenant testing at the level of Inspired Entertainment Inc., the ultimate holding company, on our Super Senior Revolving
Credit Facility which requires the Company to maintain a maximum consolidated senior secured net leverage ratio of 6.25x on the test
date for the relevant period ending June 30, 2021, stepping down to 6.0x on March 31, 2022, 5.75x on March 31, 2023 and 5.50x from March
31, 2024 and thereafter (the RCF Financial Covenant ). The RCF Financial Covenant is calculated as the ratio of consolidated
senior secured net debt to consolidated pro forma EBITDA (defined as net loss excluding depreciation and amortization, interest expense,
interest income and income tax expense) for the 12-month period preceding the relevant quarterly testing date and is tested quarterly
on a rolling basis, subject to the Initial Facility (as defined in the RCF Agreement) being drawn on the relevant test date. The RCF
Financial Covenant does not include a minimum interest coverage ratio or other financial covenants. Covenant testing at December 31,
2022 showed covenant compliance. 

There
were no breaches of the debt covenants in the periods ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

Liens
and Encumbrances 

As
of December 31, 2022, our senior bank debt was secured by the imposition of a fixed and floating charge in favor of the lender over all
the assets of the Company and certain of the Company s subsidiaries. 

Share
Repurchases 

The
Board of Directors has authorized that the Company may use up to 25.0 million to repurchase Inspired shares of common stock, subject
to repurchases being effected on or before May 10, 2025. Management has discretion as to whether to repurchase shares of the Company
and as of December 31, 2022, an aggregate of 10.5 million of our shares of common stock had been repurchased. 

Contractual
Obligations 

As
of December 31, 2022, our contractual obligations were as follows: 

Less than 

More than 
 
 Contractual Obligations (in millions) 
 Total 
 1 yr 
 1-2 years 
 3-5 years 
 5 yrs 
 
 Operating activities 

Interest on long term debt 
 77.9 
 22.2 
 44.6 
 11.1 
 - 

Financing activities 

Senior bank debt - principal repayment 
 282.9 
 - 
 - 
 282.9 
 - 
 
 Finance lease payments 
 2.2 
 1.0 
 1.2 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating lease payments 
 8.7 
 2.8 
 3.3 
 1.2 
 1.4 
 
 Interest on non-utilization fees 
 1.0 
 0.3 
 0.7 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 372.7 
 26.3 
 49.8 
 295.2 
 1.4 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were no off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K, promulgated by
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of our audited consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions. We exercise considerable judgment
with respect to establishing sound accounting policies and in making estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of our
assets and liabilities, our recognition of revenue and expenses, and our disclosure of commitments and contingencies at the date of the
consolidated financial statements. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments. We base our estimates and judgments
on a variety of factors, including our historical experience, knowledge of our business and industry and current and expected economic
conditions, that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We periodically re-evaluate our estimates
and assumptions with respect to these judgments and modify our approach when circumstances indicate that modifications are necessary.
While we believe that the factors we evaluate provide us with a meaningful basis for establishing and applying sound accounting policies,
we cannot guarantee that the results will always be accurate. Since the determination of these estimates requires the exercise of judgment,
actual results could differ from such estimates. 

For
a discussion of other recently issued accounting standards, and assessments as to their impacts on the Company, see Nature of Operations,
Management s Plans and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere
in this report. 

57 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Our
principal market risks are our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Interest
Rate Risk 

Following
the Company s refinancing of its debt in May 2021, the external borrowings of 235.0 million 282.9 million) are provided
at a fixed rate. Therefore, movements in rates such as LIBOR do not impact on the current borrowings and the only fluctuation that is
expected to be reported will be that solely caused by movements in the exchange rates between the Company s functional currency
and its reporting currency. 

Foreign
Currency Exchange Rate Risk 

Our
operations are conducted in various countries around the world, and we receive revenue and pay expenses from these operations in a number
of different currencies. As such, our earnings are subject to movements in foreign currency exchange rates when transactions are denominated
in (i) currencies other than GBP, which is our functional currency, or (ii) the functional currencies of our subsidiaries, which is not
necessarily GBP. To estimate our foreign currency exchange rate risk, we identify material Euro and US Dollar trading and balance sheet
amounts and recalculate the result using a 10 movement in the GBP:US Dollar exchange rate. For the trading figures the 10 movement
is based on the average exchange rate throughout the reported period and for the balance sheet figures the 10 movement is based on the
exchange rate used at December 31, 2022. 

Excluding intercompany balances, our Euro functional
currency net assets total approximately 0.4 million, and our US Dollar functional currency net assets total approximately 4.6 million.
We use a sensitivity analysis model to measure the impact of a 10 adverse movement of foreign currency exchange rates against the US
Dollar. A hypothetical 10 adverse change in the value of the Euro and the US Dollar relative to GBP as of December 31, 2022, would result
in favorable translation adjustments of approximately 0.0 million and 0.5 million, respectively, recorded in other comprehensive loss. 

Included
within our trading results are earnings outside of our functional currency. Retained gains from Euro based entities earned in Euros and
retained losses from USD based entities earned in US Dollars in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, were 13.4 million and
 12.3 million, respectively. A hypothetical 10 adverse change in the value of the Euro and the US Dollar relative to GBP as of December
31, 2022, would result in translation adjustments of approximately 1.3 million favorable and 1.1 million unfavorable, respectively,
recorded in trading operations. 

The
majority of the Company s trading is in GBP, the functional currency, although the reporting currency of the Company is the US
Dollar. As such, changes in the GBP:USD exchange rate have an effect on the Company s results. A 10 weakening of GBP against the
US Dollar would change the trading operational results unfavorably by approximately 2.2 million and would result in unfavorable translation
adjustments of approximately 7.4 million, recorded in other comprehensive loss. 

For
further information regarding the new external borrowings, see Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Long Term and
Other Debt . 

58 

ITEM
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Our
financial statements are set forth in Item 15 below. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls
and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is
accumulated and communicated to management, including our Executive Chairman and our Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying
Officers ), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act.
Based on this evaluation, the Certifying Officers concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures at December 31,
2022 were not effective, due to the material weaknesses described below. 

In light of these material weaknesses, we performed additional analyses
as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
 Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly in all material
respects our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting as Part of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 SOX 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Insofar as the Company is subject to Section 404(b) of SOX, this Annual
Report on Form 10-K includes an opinion by our external auditors on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
at December 31, 2022 in addition to management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting under
the requirements of Section 404(a) of SOX. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in
accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our
Company; 

(2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP,
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

59 

(3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of any unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management has assessed the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria
set forth in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework.
Based on that assessment, our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022 was not effective, based upon
the material weaknesses discussed below. 

A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or
combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. 

Remediation
of Previously Reported Material Weakness 

As previously disclosed in Item 9A of our Annual
Report on Form10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, management identified a material weakness in internal control over financial
reporting relating to an ineffective risk assessment and response process (the Risk Assessment and Response Material Weakness ).
Namely, the Company had not established an effective control environment due to the ineffective design and implementation of certain process
controls, including management review controls. These controls pertain to accounting estimates, account reconciliations, and approval
processes of some of the Company s significant accounts. These deficiencies represented material weaknesses in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as there was a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement with respect to certain of
the Company s significant accounts and disclosures would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Factors contributing to
the Risk Assessment and Response Material Weakness included the fact that during 2021, the Company centralized all its finance functions
into one location and implemented a new Enterprise Resource Planning ERP system which went live much later in the year
than initially planned, as it had to be put on hold due to the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic had on the Company. As a result, there
was insufficient time prior to year-end to implement or operate certain controls which were newly designed or re-designed as a result
of the impact of the ERP implementation. The Company had also been without its Chief Financial Officer for a period of time due to illness,
which required a redistribution of roles and responsibilities, including those related to controls. 

We have remediated this previously
reported Risk Assessment and Response Material Weakness by (1) establishing an executive steering committee to monitor the remediation
of the underlying control deficiencies, (2) hiring an additional SOX specialist in June 2022 to support the Chief Financial Officer and
Director of Finance, (3) increasing the use our outsourced SOX service provider to assist in all aspects of our SOX program, (4) providing
one-on-one training to control owners who are part of our broader accounting and operations teams on control execution and related documentation
and evidence, (5) re-mapping internal control over financial reporting to risks and financial statement assertions, (6) remediating previously
identified control gaps or deficient controls by implementing newly designed controls and/or enhancing the operation and/or underlying
evidence of existing controls, (7) expanding business process narratives with enhanced details of process flows and controls, and (8)
enhancing the documentation of the execution of management review controls. The Company completed its testing of the effectiveness of
the remediated, newly designed, and re-designed controls and, other than those relating to the material weaknesses identified below, noted
no material control deficiencies. As a result, management concluded that the Risk Assessment and Response Material Weakness was remediated
as of December 31, 2022. 

60 

Identified
Material Weaknesses and Remediation 

Segregation
of Duties 

Management
has identified internal control deficiencies due to IT program and data changes affecting the Company s financial IT applications
and underlying accounting records, not being identified, tested, authorized, and implemented appropriately to validate that data produced
by its relevant IT system(s) was complete and accurate. Automated process-level controls and manual controls that are dependent upon
the information derived from such financially relevant systems were also determined to be ineffective as a result of such deficiency
and there was not appropriate segregation of duties that would adequately restrict user and privileged access to the financially relevant
systems and data to the appropriate Company personnel. Management has concluded that the likelihood that these deficient controls would
fail to prevent or detect a material misstatement is a reasonable possibility and rise to a material weakness in the aggregate. 

Management
is planning to remediate the design of segregation of duties incompatibilities during 2023 by changing access levels, and reviewers,
and updating policies. Despite this deficiency, Management is not aware of any resulting financial statement misstatements and,
additionally, management has undertaken a retrospective analysis of 2022 transactions of individuals with such incompatibilities and
our analysis indicates that none of the changes made was incorrect or inappropriate. 

Holiday
Park Cash Collections 

Management
has identified a deficiency in one aspect of our cash collection process related to the completeness and accuracy (risk of understatement)
of our recording of cash collection amounts relating to our holiday park business in that the process for reviewing and approving cash
receipts was not consistently documented or implemented. 

Despite
this deficiency, management is not aware of any resulting financial statement misstatements or cash count discrepancies and management
is planning to remediate the material weakness during 2023 by implementing new or enhanced controls around cash collections at holiday
parks. 

 Contract
Approvals 

 Management
has identified a deficiency related to the design and operation of the Company s contract review and approval process in relation
to certain contract amendments. 

Despite
this deficiency, Management is not aware of any resulting financial statement misstatements or inappropriate contract terms and management
is planning to remediate the material weakness during 2023 by implementing new or enhanced controls around contracting with customers,
specifically as it relates to contract amendments. 

With
respect to each of the above, management has begun the remediation process, however the material weaknesses cannot be considered fully
remediated until it is demonstrated that the new or enhanced controls and other impacted or dependent controls have operated effectively
for a sufficient period of time. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Except
for the changes noted above in connection with the initiatives to remediate material weaknesses, there have been no other changes in
our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the
most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

61 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Inspired
Entertainment, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Adverse
Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We
have audited Inspired Entertainment, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness described in the
following paragraph on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

A
material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in Management s Annual Report
on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting : 

The
Company did not design and/or implement program change management and user access controls to ensure: 

IT
program and data changes affecting the Company s financial IT applications underlying accounting records, are identified,
tested, authorized and implemented appropriately to validate that data produced by its relevant IT system(s) were complete and accurate.
Automated process-level controls and manual controls that are dependent upon the information derived from such financially relevant systems
were also determined to be ineffective as a result of such deficiency and appropriate segregation of duties that would adequately restrict
user and privileged access to the financially relevant systems and data to the appropriate Company personnel. 

The
Company has not designed an effective control related to the completeness and accuracy of cash collection amounts input to the Company s
records in the Leisure Segment. 

The
Company has not designed effective controls over the contract approval process relating to revenue contracts, including contracts involving
royalty rates. 

These
deficiencies represent material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement with respect to the Company s significant accounts and disclosures will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

This
material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the fiscal December
31, 2022 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated March 16, 2023 on those financial statements. 

We
have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2022 and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
(loss) income, stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 of the Company
and our report dated March 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 

62 

Basis
for Opinion 

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in
the accompanying Management Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with
the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal
control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition
and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of
the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of the inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

Marcum
LLP 

New
York, NY 

 March
16, 2023 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

63 

Part
iii 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC. If such proxy statement is not filed on or before May 1, 2023, the information
called for by this item will be filed as part of an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K on or before such date. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC. If such proxy statement is not filed on or before May 1, 2023, the information
called for by this item will be filed as part of an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K on or before such date. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC. If such proxy statement is not filed on or before May 1, 2023, the information
called for by this item will be filed as part of an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K on or before such date. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The
information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC. If such proxy statement is not filed on or before May 1, 2023, the information
called for by this item will be filed as part of an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K on or before such date. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC. If such proxy statement is not filed on or before May 1, 2023, the information
called for by this item will be filed as part of an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K on or before such date. 

Part iv 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements. The required consolidated financial statements and notes thereto are presented starting on page F-1 of this report. 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules. All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial
 and not required, or the required information is presented in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto presented starting
 on page F-1 of this report. 

(b) 
 Exhibits
 listed on page 63. 

64 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID # 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-8 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Inspired
Entertainment, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Inspired Entertainment, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss (income), stockholders 
equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 16, 2023, based on the criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013 , expressed
an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting because of the existence of
material weaknesses. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Revenue
Recognition Use of IT Systems to track and invoice revenue and the determination of the various promises in the arrangement 

Certain
of the Company s revenue contracts with customers include multiple promises (such as hardware, software and maintenance, among
others). The Company is required to evaluate whether each promise represents a performance obligation. The evaluation of whether promises
are both capable of being distinct in the context of a contract (and thus constitute performance obligations) can require significant
judgment and could change the amount of revenue recognized in a given period. 

We
identified the determination of performance obligations for contracts with higher contract values as a critical audit matter because
of the judgments and estimates management makes to evaluate such contracts and the impact of such judgments on the amount of revenue
recognized in a given period. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of testing. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluation of audit evidence that included, among others 

Evaluating
 contract terms and conditions, 

Reviewing
 and assessing the methodology applied and testing the reliability and mathematical accuracy of the underlying data and calculations, 

Testing
 management s identification of performance obligations by evaluating whether the promises were both capable of being distinct
 and distinct within the context of the contract, including reading the selected contracts and inquiring of certain of the Company s
 accounting and operations personnel to understand the nature of the promises and how they are delivered to the customer, and 

Evaluating
 and concluding on the reasonableness of management s judgments and estimates. 

F- 3 

We
involved IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in evaluating the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained
related to: 

General
 IT controls and IT application controls for the relevant IT systems used to gather and process data, 

The
 transfer of information among the different systems used to gather the data, and 

The
 configuration and change management controls for the reports that were used from the various systems to determine the amount of revenue
 recognized. 

Capitalization
of Internally and Externally Developed Software 

The Company classifies software development costs
as either internal use software or external use software, any costs incurred during preliminary project stages are expensed as incurred;
direct costs incurred during the application development stages are capitalized; and costs incurred during the post-implementation/operation
stages are expensed. Once the software is placed in operation, the Company amortizes the capitalized cost of the software over its economic
useful life, which ranges from two to five years. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company capitalized approximately 18,438,000
of software development costs. 

We
identified the evaluation of the Company s capitalization of internal direct labor costs as a critical audit matter. There were
inherent challenges in obtaining an understanding of the structure of systems and processes used to capture the large volumes of internal
direct labor data. Furthermore, subjective judgement was required to evaluate the relevant data that was captured and aggregated, and
to assess the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained. 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following. We involved IT professionals with specialized
skills and knowledge, who assisted in evaluating the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained related to: 

General
 IT controls and IT application controls for the relevant IT systems used to gather and process data, 

The
 transfer of information among the different systems used to gather the data, and 

The
 configuration and change management controls for the reports that were used from the various systems to determine the amount of internal
 direct labor costs to capitalize. 

In
addition, we evaluated, on a sample basis, the Company s manual aggregation of information from various IT systems, to determine
the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained, by: 

Inspecting
 the capital project codes to assess that the nature of the activity is capitalized in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
 principles, 

Comparing
 salary and wage information for capitalized internal direct labor costs to employee human resource documents and system profiles, 

Comparing
 the hours of capitalized internal direct labor to the hours recorded to capital activities on the employees timesheets, 

Inquiring
 of employees and project managers as to the accuracy of the hours reflected as capital activities on the employee timesheets, and 

Evaluating
 the methodology used to determine the labor rates and comparing the cost types, dates incurred, and amounts of labor costs used to
 derive the labor rates to data from the source systems. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2016 

March
16, 2023 

F- 4 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (in
millions, except share data) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Software development costs, net 

Other acquired intangible assets subject to amortization, net 

Goodwill 

Operating lease right of use asset 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Corporate tax and other current taxes payable 

Deferred revenue, current 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Current portion of finance lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Finance lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Deferred revenue, net of current portion 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders deficit 

Preferred stock; par value; shares authorized 

Common stock; par value; shares authorized; shares and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

 (in
millions, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 
 Revenue: 

Service 

Product sales 

Total revenue 

Cost of sales: 

Cost of service (1) 

Cost of product sales 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Acquisition and integration related transaction expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Net operating income (loss) 

Other expense 

Interest expense, net 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Gain on disposal of business 

Loss from equity method investee 

Other finance income (expense) 

Total other expense, net 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 

Change in fair value of hedging instrument 

Reclassification of loss (gain) on hedging instrument to comprehensive income 

Actuarial (losses) gains on pension plan 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Net income (loss) per common share basic 

Net income (loss) per common share diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year basic 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year diluted 

Supplemental disclosure of stock-based compensation expense 

Stock-based compensation included in: 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

(1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 (in
millions, except share data) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

other 

Total 

Common
 stock 

paid
 in 

comprehensive 

Accumulated 

stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

capital 

income 

deficit 

deficit 

Balance
 as of January 1, 2020 

() 

() 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 

() 

() 

Actuarial
 losses on pension plan 

() 

() 

Change
 in fair value of hedging instrument 

() 

() 

Reclassification
 of loss on hedging instrument to comprehensive income 

Shares
 issued in settlement of RSUs 

() 

() 

Shares
 issued under ESPP 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 

Net
 loss 

() 

() 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 

Actuarial
 gains on pension plan 

Change
 in fair value of hedging instrument 

Reclassification
 of loss on hedging instrument to comprehensive income 

Shares
 issued in settlement of RSUs 

() 

() 

Shares
 issued upon exercise of warrants 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 

Net
 loss 

() 

() 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Balance 

() 

() 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustments 

Actuarial
 losses on pension plan 

() 

() 

Reclassification
 of loss on hedging instrument to comprehensive income 

Shares
 issued in settlement of RSUs 

() 

() 

Repurchases
 of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 

Net
 income 

Net
 income (loss) 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

Balance 

)) 

) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (in
millions) 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of right of use asset 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Impairment of investment in equity method investee 

Unrealized transactional currency gain/loss on senior bank debt 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Reclassification of loss on hedging instrument to comprehensive income 

Non-cash interest expense relating to senior debt 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Corporate tax and other current taxes payable 

Accounts payable 

Deferred revenues and customer prepayment 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Acquisition of subsidiary company assets 

Purchases of capital software 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 

Repurchase of common stock 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Repayments of revolver and long-term debt, including exit premium 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

Cash paid in connection with terminated interest rate swaps 

Repayments of finance leases 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Net increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow disclosures 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

Cash paid during the period for income taxes 

Cash paid during the period for operating leases 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities 

Additional paid in capital from net settlement of RSUs 

Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right of use assets 

Adjustment to customer relationships intangible asset arising from adjustment
to fair value of assets acquired 

Adjustment to goodwill arising from adjustment to fair value of assets acquired 

Property and equipment acquired through finance lease 

Property and equipment transferred to inventory 

Capitalized interest payments 

Assets arising from asset retirement obligations 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

 million, and the Company had working capital in addition to cash of
 million. The Company recorded net income of million and net losses of million and million for the year ended December
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net income/losses include excess capital expenditure, excluding the acquisition of subsidiary
assets, over depreciation and amortization, of million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and excess depreciation and amortization
over capital expenditure, excluding the acquisition of subsidiary assets, of million and million for the year ended December
31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, non-cash stock-based compensation of million, million and million for the year ended
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and non-cash changes in fair value of warrant liability of 0.0 million, million
gain and 3.2 million losses for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Historically, the Company has generally
had positive cash flows from operating activities and has relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations and the incurrence
of debt and/or the refinancing of existing debt to fund its obligations. Cash flows provided by operations amounted to million,
 million and million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively, with the change year on year due to
land based operations being subject to lockdown restrictions for part of the year ended December 31, 2021. Working capital of million
includes a non-cash settled item of million of deferred income. Management currently believes that, absent any long-term coronavirus COVID-19 impact (see below), the Company s cash balances on hand, cash flows expected to be generated from operations,
ability to control and defer capital projects and amounts available from the Company s external borrowings will be sufficient to
fund the Company s net cash requirements through March 2024. 

There
have been no COVID-19 restrictions in the United Kingdom since July 2021 and social distancing measures throughout Greece and Italy are
no longer in force as of the second quarter of 2022. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

million is million of cash floats
held on site at holiday parks. 

million and million of unbilled accounts receivable as of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Server
 based gaming terminals 

years 
 
 Plant
 and machinery and fixtures and fittings 

years 
 
 Computer
 equipment 

years 

Our
policy is to periodically review the estimated useful lives of our fixed assets. We also assess the recoverability of long-lived assets
(or asset groups) whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such an asset (or asset groups) may
not be recoverable. 

Repairs
and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Upon retirement or sale, the cost of assets disposed and the related accumulated depreciation
are written off and any resulting gain or loss is credited or charged to income. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

million, 
million and 
million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Research and development costs amounting to 
million, 
million and 
million were expensed to Selling, general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. Research and development costs amounting to 
million, 
million and 
million were capitalized during the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Employee related costs associated
with related product development are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statement of
Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 

of the membership interests of Sportech Lotteries, LLC (see Note 2). 

Goodwill
and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized, but instead are tested for impairment at least annually.
Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over three to thirteen years to their estimated residual values
and reviewed for impairment. Factors considered when assigning useful lives include legal, regulatory and contractual provisions, product
obsolescence, demand, competition and other economic factors. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

noncontrolling interest in Innov8 Gaming
Limited in connection with the Acquisition (see Note 2), and in April 2020 this interest was disposed of. The value of the Company s
equity method investment was million as of December 31, 2019, and was impaired to Nil in March 2020 prior to disposal. The Company s
share of earnings from its equity method investee, including the impairment, is presented in Loss from equity method investee in the
Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). 

The
Company evaluates its equity method investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amounts of such investment may not be recoverable. The difference between the carrying value of the equity method investment and its
estimated fair value is recognized as an impairment charge when the loss in value is deemed other-than-temporary. Since April 2020, the
Company has had no equity method investments and has therefore recognized no impairments. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

At
each reporting date, the Company determines whether a change in classification between assets and liabilities is required. 

During
the year ending December 31, 2021, (i) an aggregate of shares of common stock were issued pursuant to the exercise of 
Public Warrants and (ii) an aggregate of shares of common stock were issued pursuant to the exercise (on a cashless basis)
of Private Warrants. There were warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2021 or December 31, 2022. 

At
December 31, 2020, the Company considered that the warrants did not meet the criteria for equity classification and must be recorded
as liabilities. As the warrants met the definition of a derivative as contemplated in ASC 815, the warrants were measured at fair value
at inception and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, with changes in fair value recognized in
the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) in the period of change. 

From
time to time we enter into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the risk associated with cash payments required to be made
in non-functional currencies or to mitigate the risk associated with cash to be received in non-functional currencies. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

3. 
 determine
 the transaction price; 

4. 
 allocate
 the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 

5. 
 recognize
 revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 

Step
1 Identify the contract 

The
Company identifies contracts with its customers when all parties have approved the contract and are committed to perform their respective
obligations, when each party s rights and the payment terms regarding the goods or services to be transferred can be identified.
The contract must also have commercial substance, and it must be probable that the Company will collect the consideration to which it
will be entitled. 

Contracts
entered into at or near the same time with the same customer or related parties of the customer are accounted for as one contract if
any of the following criteria are met: 

a. 
 Contracts
 were negotiated as a single commercial package (including whether a contract would be loss-making without taking into account the
 consideration received under another contract) 

b. 
 Consideration
 in one contract depends on the other contract 

c. 
 Goods
 or services (or some of the goods or services) are a single performance obligation. 

Step
2 Identify performance obligations 

Performance
obligations are identified by considering whether a good or service is distinct. The Company considers a good or service to be distinct
only when the customer can benefit from it either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available, and when the
promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. 

The
Company applies the series guidance to its performance obligations where the following criteria apply: 

a. 
 Each
 distinct good or service in the series meets the criteria to be a performance obligation satisfied over time. 

b. 
 The
 same method would be used to measure progress toward complete satisfaction of the performance obligation to transfer each distinct
 good or service in the series to the customer. 

Step
3 Determine the transaction price 

The
Company considers all amounts to which it has rights in exchange for the goods or services transferred in determining the transaction
price. This includes fixed and variable consideration. Typically, consideration is stated in the contract with the customer. 

The
Company assesses usage-based fees to determine whether they qualify as variable consideration. It also considers the impact of any liquidated
damages clauses or service level agreements. 

Where
the Company s performance obligations are determined to be a series, variable consideration is not estimated upfront in accordance
with the exception allowed by ASC 606. 

Where
non-refundable upfront fees are included in the Company s contracts with customer, the Company considers whether or not they represent
payment for a transferred good or service. Where they represent payment for future goods or services, the Company further considers whether
they represent a material right. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

Step
4 Allocate the transaction price 

The
Company allocates a transaction price to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling prices of the goods or
services being provided. Where a contract includes multiple performance obligations, the Company determines the standalone selling price
at contract inception of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation in the contract and allocates the transaction
price in proportion to those standalone selling prices. Where possible, the Company uses the price charged for the good or service to
other customers in similar circumstances as evidence of standalone selling price. Where this is not possible, the standalone selling
price is estimated by experienced management using the best available judgement. 

With
respect to performance obligations that are considered to be a series, where appropriate and where the required criteria are met, variable
consideration is allocated entirely to a distinct good or service that is part of a series. 

Step
5 Recognize revenue 

The
Company recognizes revenue over time for performance obligations that meet one of the following criteria: 

a. 
 The
 customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Company s performance as the Company performs. 

b. 
 The
 Company s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. 

c. 
 The
 Company s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Company, and the Company has an enforceable right
 to payment for performance completed to date 

Revenue
for the Company s remaining performance obligations that do not meet one of the above criteria is recognized at the point at which
the customer obtains control of the good or service. 

Gaming
Revenue 

Revenue
from Gaming terminals, access to our content and platform, including electronic table gaming products is recognized in accordance with
the criteria set forth in ASC 606 and is usually based upon a contracted percentage of the operator s net winnings from the terminals 
daily use. Where this is not the case, including in the case of maintenance only contracts on self-serve betting terminals, revenue is
based upon a fixed daily or weekly usage fee. We recognize revenue from these arrangements in accordance with the series guidance over
time on a daily basis over the term of the arrangement, or when not specified over the expected customer relationship period. Performance
obligations under these arrangements may include the delivery and installation of our terminals for use over a term, as well as service
obligations related to terminal repairs and server based content and maintenance. Consideration with respect to these performance obligations
typically takes the form of usage based fees, billed at the end of a set period (usually monthly) and due typically 30 days from the
date of the invoice. 

Terminal
sales take the form of a transfer of ownership of our developed gaming terminals, and are recognized as Product Sales at a point in time
upon such time as control passes to the customer as they are considered to meet the required criteria to be considered distinct. Payment for terminal sales is typically
due a set number of days after delivery. 

Gaming
arrangements typically include service level agreements, consisting of a specified amount of uptime with financial penalties
for breaches in excess of specified levels. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

Virtual
Sports Revenue 

Revenue
from licensing of our gaming software is recognized in accordance with the criteria set forth in ASC 606. Virtual sports retail revenue,
which includes the provision of virtual sports content and services to retail betting outlets, and virtual sports online revenue, which
includes the provision of virtual sports content and services to mobile operators, is usually based upon a contracted percentage of the
operator s net winnings or, occasionally, a fixed rental fee. We recognize revenue for these fees over time on a daily or weekly
basis over the term of the arrangement, or, where appropriate when the contracted percentages vary prospectively with total operator s
net winnings generated, we estimate the amount of variable consideration to which we will be entitled, up to and including the date at
which the contracted percentages reset, and recognize this estimated consideration over time. Consideration with respect to these performance
obligations typically takes the form of usage based fees, billed at the end of a set period (usually monthly) and due typically 30 days
from the date of the invoice. 

These
arrangements also may include a perpetual license billed up front, granted to the customer for access to our gaming platform and content.
As these up front bills represent payment for future services, revenue from the licensing of perpetual licenses is recognized ratably
over time, or when not specified, over the expected customer relationship period. Upfront fees are normally billed upon signing of the
relevant agreement, and become due and payable at set times thereafter. 

Revenue
from the development of bespoke games licensed on a perpetual basis to mobile and online operators is recognized at a point in time on
delivery and acceptance by the customer. We have no ongoing service obligations subsequent to customer acceptance of our bespoke games,
and they meet the criteria to be considered as distinct. Payment for bespoke games is typically due a set number of days after delivery. 

Virtual
Sports arrangements may include service level agreements, consisting of a specified amount of uptime with financial penalties
for breaches in excess of specified levels. 

Interactive
Revenue 

Interactive
revenue, which includes slot and table game offerings from our Gaming segment, as well as interactive-only content, via our remote gaming
servers, is based upon a contracted percentage of the operator s net winnings or a fixed rental fee. We recognize revenue for these
fees over time on a daily or weekly basis over the term of the arrangement, or, where appropriate when the contracted percentages vary
prospectively with total operator s net winnings generated, we estimate the amount of variable consideration to which we will be
entitled, up to and including the date at which the contracted percentages reset, and recognize this estimated consideration over time.
Consideration with respect to these performance obligations typically takes the form of usage based fees, billed at the end of a set
period (usually monthly) and due typically 30 days from the date of the invoice. 

Leisure
Revenue 

The
Leisure segment earns revenue from providing gaming machine terminals and amusement machine terminals to pubs, holiday resorts and amusement
arcades, both standalone and within motorway service stations. Revenue from these activities is based upon a contracted percentage of
the operator s net winnings from the terminals daily use, or a fixed daily or weekly rental fee. 

We
jointly operate arcades within holiday resorts with the resort owners. Revenue is based on a contractually agreed share of takings. We
also wholly operate a number of gaming arcades within certain motorway service stations. 

We
recognize revenue from these arrangements, in accordance with the series guidance as set forth in ASC 606, over time over the term of
the arrangement, or when not specified over the expected customer relationship period. All revenue is recognized in the period that the
machine cash collections occur, with adjustments to account for the movement of income uncollected in the specific period. 

Performance
obligations under these arrangements may include the delivery and installation of our terminals for use over a term, as well as service
obligations related to terminal repairs and content and maintenance. Consideration with respect to these performance obligations typically
takes the form of usage based fees, billed at the end of a set period (usually monthly) and due typically 30 days from the date of the
invoice. 

We
also provide terminal and spares management services to third parties, including customers. Revenue in respect to these services takes
the form of fixed fee, either per machine or per time period, and is recognized at the point in time when control transfers to the customer,
which is normally upon delivery and acceptance by the customer, or at the point that services are rendered. This revenue is recognized
as Service Revenue when included as part of a larger performance obligation, and as Product Sales when it is offered as a separate distinct
performance obligation. Revenue is invoiced in arrears and settled within 30 days. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

Disaggregation
of revenue 

Information
on disaggregation of revenue is included in Note 26, Segment Reporting and Geographic Information. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

The
lease expense for minimum operating lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Finance lease assets are
amortized straight-line over their useful life where the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset, or to the earlier of the
end of the useful life of the asset and the end of the lease term where ownership is not transferred. Interest on finance leases is recognized
as the amount that results in a constant periodic discount rate on the remaining balance of the liability. 

We
have operating lease agreements with lease and non-lease components. The Company did not make the election to treat the lease and non-lease
components as a single component and considers the non-lease components as a separate unit of account. 

The
Company has elected not to apply the recognition requirements of ASC 842 to short-term operating leases. We recognize the lease payments
for short-term leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term and variable lease payments in the period in which the obligation
for those payments is incurred 

Leases
 the Company as lessor 

The
Company s lease arrangements are a mixture of sales-type leases and operating leases. 

Sales-type
lease receivables are recognized based on the net investment in the lease, at the present value of future minimum lease payments receivable
over the lease term, plus any guaranteed residual value of the underlying asset, at the commencement date. 

The
discount rate used in determining the present value of the future minimum lease payments is the rate implicit in the lease. This is calculated
using the fair value of the underlying asset and the present value of any unguaranteed residual value. 

The
underlying asset is derecognized at the point of inception and a selling profit is recognized at lease commencement. Subsequent interest
income is recognized over the term of the lease, at an amount that produces a constant periodic discount rate on the remaining balance
of the net investment in the lease. 

For
operating leases, we continue to recognize the underlying asset. Lease income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2021, 2020 AND 2019 

 million million), recognizing a profit on disposal of million million). The Company continues to serve these Italian markets in the form of the provision of platform and games. 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company acquired of the membership interests of Sportech Lotteries, LLC, which has since been renamed Inspired
Entertainment Lotteries, LLC. The Company concluded that Inspired Entertainment Lotteries, LLC s contract with its only customer
represented substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired and, in accordance with ASC 805, determined that the asset
set did not comprise a business. The Company therefore applied asset acquisition accounting to the transaction, and recorded the acquisition
of the customer contract as an intangible asset in the amount of million. The intangible asset will be amortized over its remaining
useful life of years. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of revisions made to management s preliminary assessments, the Company recognized
an additional million long-term receivable related to Inspired Entertainment Lotteries, LLC, and reduced the value of the customer
contract intangible asset accordingly. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

Less: long-term receivable recorded in other
 assets 

Finance lease receivables 

Allowance for doubtful
 accounts 

Total
 accounts receivable, net 

Additional provision for doubtful accounts 

Recoveries 

Write offs 

Foreign currency translation
 adjustments 

Ending balance 

Work in progress 

Finished goods 

Total
 inventories 

Component
parts include parts for gaming terminals. Included in inventory are reserves for excess and slow-moving inventory of million and
 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our finished goods inventory primarily consists of gaming terminals which
are ready for sale. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

Unbilled accounts receivable 

Corporate tax and other current taxes receivable 

Total
 prepaid expenses and other assets 

Server based gaming terminals 

Computer equipment 

Plant and machinery 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation
 and amortization 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Depreciation
expense amounted to million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Software development
 Costs, net 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company capitalized million and million of software development costs, respectively.
Amounts in the above table include million and million of internal use software as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
total amount of software costs amortized was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021,
and 2020, respectively. Software costs written down to net realizable value amounted to million, million and million for
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The weighted average amortization period was years, years and
 years for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Customer relationships 

Intangible assets, gross 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

Aggregate
intangible asset amortization expense amounted to million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022,
2021 and 2020, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Goodwill 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Ending balance 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

Pension asset 

Long term receivables 

Long term prepaid expenses
 and other assets 

Total 

Cost of sales including inventory 

Non-current asset costs 

Interest payable - cash 

Selling, general and administrative costs 

Tax and professional fees 

Asset retirement obligations and other property
 related costs 

Other creditors 

Accrued expenses, net 

At December 31, 2021 

At December 31, 2020 

Revenue
recognized that was included in the deferred income balance at the beginning of the period amounted to million, million and
 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

Foreign exchange contract
 liabilities 

Total
 other liabilities, current 

Asset retirement obligations 

Other creditors 

Pension liability 

Total
 other liabilities, long-term 

Total other liabilities 

million million,
as translated at December 31, 2022) aggregate principal amount of its senior secured notes due 2026 (the Senior Secured
Notes ). The Senior Secured Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum and mature on . Interest is payable on
the Senior Secured Notes on June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing on December 1, 2021 

The
Senior Secured Notes and related guarantees were issued under an indenture (the Indenture ), among Inspired Entertainment
(Financing) PLC, as issuer, the Company and certain English and U.S. subsidiaries of the Company, as guarantors (collectively and together
with the Company, the Guarantors ), GLAS Trustees Limited, as trustee, GLAS Trust Corporation Limited, as security agent
and GLAS Trust Company LLC as paying agent, transfer agent and registrar. The terms of the Senior Secured Notes and related guarantees
are governed by the Indenture. 

The
Senior Secured Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured first-priority basis by the Guarantors on a joint and
several basis. The Senior Secured Notes and related guarantees are secured, subject to certain permitted collateral liens, on a first-priority
basis by substantially all assets of the Guarantors and all claims of the Inspired Entertainment (Financing) PLC under an intercompany
loan to Gaming Acquisitions Limited, a private limited liability company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales and an indirect
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company GAL ), of the proceeds of the offering of the Senior Secured Notes. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

The
Indenture contains incurrence covenants that limit the ability of the Company and the Company s restricted subsidiaries to, among
other things, (i) incur or guarantee additional debt and issue certain preferred stock of restricted subsidiaries; (ii) create or incur
certain liens; (iii) make restricted payments, including dividends or distributions to the Company s stockholders or repurchase
the Company s stock; (iv) prepay or redeem subordinated debt; (v) make certain investments, including participating joint ventures;
(vi) create encumbrances or restrictions on the payment of dividends or other distributions by restricted subsidiaries; (vii) sell assets,
or consolidate or merge with or into other companies; (viii) sell or transfer all or substantially all of the Company s assets
or those of the Company s subsidiaries on a consolidated basis; (ix) engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and (x) create
unrestricted subsidiaries. Certain of these covenants will be suspended if and for so long as the Senior Secured Notes have investment
grade ratings from any two of Moody s Investors Service, Inc., Standard Poor s Investors Ratings Services and Fitch
Ratings, Inc. These covenants are subject to exceptions and qualifications as set forth in the Indenture. 

Revolving
Credit Facility 

In
connection with the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes on May 20, 2021, the Company and certain of our direct and indirect wholly-owned
subsidiaries, entered into a Super Senior Revolving Credit Facility Agreement (the RCF Agreement with Global Loan Agency
Services Limited, as agent, Barclays Bank plc Barclays and Macquarie Corporate Holdings Pty Limited (UK Branch) Macquarie
UK and together with Barclays, the Arrangers as arrangers and each lender party thereto (the Lenders ),
pursuant to which the Lenders agreed to provide, subject to certain conditions, a secured revolving facility loan in an original principal
amount of million million) under which certain of our subsidiaries are able to draw funds (the RCF Loan ).
The RCF Loans will terminate on November 20, 2025. 

The
funding of the RCF Loan is subject to customary conditions set forth in the RCF Agreement. The undrawn commitment of each Lender under
the RCF Loan will automatically terminate, unless previously terminated by the Company, on October 20, 2025. 

to per annum. With respect to the RCF
Loan, a commitment fee of of the then applicable margin is payable at any time on any unutilized portion of the RCF Loan. 

The
RCF Agreement contains various covenants (which include restrictions regarding the incurrence of liens, the incurrence of indebtedness
by the Company s subsidiaries and fundamental changes, subject in each case to certain exceptions), representations, warranties,
limitations and events of default (which include non-payment, breach of obligations under the financing documents, cross-default, insolvency
and litigation) customary for similar facilities for similarly rated borrowers and subject to customary carve-outs and grace periods.
Following the occurrence of an event of default which has not been waived or remedied, the Lenders who represent more than of
total commitments under the RCF may, subject to the terms of an intercreditor agreement (which governs the relationship between the Lenders
and the holders of the Senior Secured Notes), instruct the agent to (i) accelerate the RCF Loans, (ii) instruct the security agent to
enforce the transaction security and/or (iii) exercise any other remedies available to the Lenders. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

The
RCF Agreement requires that the Company maintain a maximum consolidated senior secured net leverage ratio of 6.25x on the test date for
the relevant period ending June 30, 2021, stepping down to 6.0x on March 31, 2022, 5.75x on March 31, 2023 and 5.50x from March 31, 2024
and thereafter (the RCF Financial Covenant ). The RCF Financial Covenant is calculated as the ratio of consolidated senior
secured net debt to consolidated pro forma EBITDA (defined as net income (loss) excluding depreciation and amortization, interest expense,
interest income and income tax expense) for the 12-month period preceding the relevant quarterly testing date and is tested quarterly
on a rolling basis, subject to the Initial Facility (as defined in the RCF Agreement) being drawn on the relevant test date. The RCF
Agreement does not include a minimum interest coverage ratio or other financial covenants. 

The
outstanding principal amount of each advance under the RCF Loans is payable on the last day of the interest period relating to such advance,
unless such advance is rolled over on a cashless basis in accordance with customary rollover provisions contained in the RCF Agreement,
with a final repayment on . 

Termination
of Prior Financing 

The
Company s previous debt consisted of two tranches of senior secured term loans in a principal amount of million 
million) with a cash interest rate of plus 3-month LIBOR and million million) with a cash interest rate of 
plus 3-month EURIBOR, respectively and a secured revolving facility loan in a principal amount of million million)
with a cash interest rate on any utilization of 6.50 plus 3-month LIBOR (the Prior Financing ).. 

In
connection with the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes and the entry into the RCF Agreement, on May 20, 2021, the Prior Financing was
repaid in full and the senior facilities agreement (dated September 27, 2019, as amended and restated on June 25, 2020, (the Prior
SFA) see below) relating to the Prior Financing was terminated. No prepayment premium applied to the repayment (although customary break
cost provisions applied). Debt fees of million were expensed to the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Consolidated Income (Loss)
within Interest Expense as part of the repayment. In addition, on May 19, 2021, we terminated the interest rate swaps relating to the
Prior Financing and applicable termination fees were settled on May 20, 2021 (see Note 14). 

Senior
Facilities Agreement 

The
Company s Prior SFA (which was with Lucid Agency Services Limited, as agent, Nomura International plc and Macquarie Corporate Holdings
Pty Limited (UK Branch) as arrangers and/or bookrunners) was entered into in connection with the Company s acquisition of the Gaming
Technology Group of Novomatic UK Ltd on October 1, 2019, and, provided for, subject to certain conditions, two tranches of senior secured
term loans, in an original principal amount of million million) and million million), respectively
and a secured revolving facility loan in an original principal amount of million million). The term loans, which were
funded on October 1, 2019, were used to, among other things, pay the purchase price of the NTG Acquisition and refinance the Company s
prior indebtedness. 

The
term loan for million million) initially carried a cash interest rate of plus 3-month LIBOR, and the term
loan for million million) initially carried a cash interest rate of plus 3-month EURIBOR. The million million) revolving credit facility initially carried a cash interest rate on any utilization at plus 3-month LIBOR, with
any unutilized amount initially carrying a cash interest cost at of the applicable margin on the revolving credit facility loan. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

The
provisions from the June 2020 amendments to the Prior SFA included, among other things, (i) capitalizing certain interest payments that
fell due on April 1, 2020, (ii) resetting the applicable leverage and capital expenditure financial covenants, removing certain applicable
rating requirements, (iii) allowing the Company and its subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness under the UK Coronavirus Large
Business Interruption Loan Scheme under a stand-alone facility, which may rank pari passu or junior to the facilities under the
Prior SFA, in an amount not exceeding million million), (iv) removing certain applicable rating requirements, (v)
limiting the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness, including by reducing the amount of general
indebtedness the Company and its subsidiaries are permitted to incur and removing the ability to incur senior secured, second lien and
unsecured indebtedness in an amount not exceeding the aggregate of , (vi) increasing the margin applicable to
the Facilities (as defined) by , and adding an additional payment-in-kind margin of payable on any principal amounts outstanding
under Facility B (as defined in the Prior SFA) after September 24, 2021 (the Relevant Date ), (vii) adding an exit fee payable
by the Company with respect to any repayment or prepayment of Facility B after the Relevant Date at the time of such repayment or prepayment
in an amount equal to of the principal amount of Facility B being repaid or prepaid, (viii) removing any ability to carry forward
or carry back any unused allowance under the applicable capital expenditure financial covenant and (ix) granting certain additional information
rights to the lenders under the Prior SFA, including the provision of a budget, and certain board observation rights until December 31,
2022. All other material terms of the SFA remained unchanged in all material respects. 

In
consideration for the amendments listed above, the Company agreed to pay the lenders an amendment fee equal to 1 of the Total Commitments
(as defined in the Prior SFA).The amendment fee was payable to the lenders pro rata to their commitments under the Prior SFA. 

The
modification to the Prior SFA was not considered to be substantial in accordance with Topic 470-50 and was therefore not treated as a
debt extinguishment. The amendment fees, amounting to million, were associated with the modified debt instrument and were to be
amortized along with the existing unamortized debt issuance costs. Fees payable to third parties were expensed as incurred, resulting
in million charged to interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

Outstanding
Debt and Finance Leases 

Finance lease liabilities 

Total long-term debt outstanding 

Less: current portion
 of long-term debt 

Long-term
 debt, excluding current portion 

Principal 
 Unamortized 
 deferred financing charge 
 Book
 value, December 31, 2021 

(in millions) 
 
 Senior bank debt 

Finance lease liabilities 

Total long-term debt outstanding 

Less: current portion
 of long-term debt 

Long-term
 debt, excluding current portion 

The
Company is in compliance with all relevant financial covenants and the long-term debt portion is correctly classified as such in line
with the underlying agreements. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

million million) at a fixed rate of
 based on the 6-month LIBOR rate and for million million) at a fixed rate of based on the 6-month EURIBOR
rate. 

In
connection with the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes and the entry into the RCF Agreement, on May 19, 2021, the Company terminated
its two interest rate swaps. The termination fees were settled on May 20, 2021, for million million) and million million), respectively. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

Hedges
of Multiple Risks 

The
Company s objectives in using interest rate derivatives were to add stability to interest and to manage its exposure to interest
rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily used interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management
strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange
for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. 

For
derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk, the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income and subsequently reclassified into interest expense in the same period(s) during which the hedged
transaction affects earnings. Amounts reported in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income related to derivatives will be reclassified
to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company s variable-rate debt. During the next twelve months, the Company
estimates that an additional million will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any derivatives. Losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive
income into interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations and income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022
amounted to 
million. 

million million) at a fixed rate of based on the 6-month LIBOR rate and million million) at a fixed
 rate of based on the 6 month EURIBOR rate 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

Interest
 Expense 

Total 

The
table below presents the effect of fair value and cash flow hedge accounting on accumulated other comprehensive income for the year ended
December 31, 2020. 

Amount
 of 
 Gain/(Loss) 
 Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income on Derivative 
 
 Location
 of 
 Gain/(Loss) 
 Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income into Income 

(in
 millions) 
 
 (in
 millions) 
 
 Interest
 Rate Products 
 
 Interest
 Expense 

Total 

Gain/(loss) on cash
 flow hedging relationships in Subtopic 815-20 

The
table below presents the effect of the Company s derivative financial instruments on the consolidated statements of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Interest
 Expense 

(in
 millions) 
 
 Total amounts
 of income and expense line items presented in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss in which the effects of fair value
 or cash flow hedges are recorded 

Gain/(loss) on cash
 flow hedging relationships in Subtopic 815-20 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

The
fair value of our long-term senior debt as of December 31, 2022, was million, based upon quoted prices in the marketplace, which
are considered Level 2 inputs. 

Level
3 liabilities are valued using unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value
of the derivative liabilities. For fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, the Company s
principal financial officer, who reports to the principal executive officer, determines its valuation policies and procedures. The development
and determination of the unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair value measurements and fair value calculations are the responsibility of
the Company s Principal Financial Officer and approved by the Principal Executive Officer. 

At
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no Level 3 inputs, and no transfers in or out of Level 3 from other levels in the
fair value hierarchy. 

 shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share in one or more series. The Company s
Board of Directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional
or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. At December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock, par value per share. . 

Warrants 

As
of December 31, 2020, the Company had outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s
common stock, which included warrants originally issued as part of the initial public offering (the IPO (the
 Public Warrants and warrants issued in private placements in connection with the IPO and the Merger (the Private
Placement Warrants ). The warrants became exercisable 30 days after the closing of the Merger and had an expiration date of December
23, 2021. Each warrant entitled its holder to purchase one-half of one share of the Company s common stock at an exercise price
of per whole share. The warrants were able to be exercised only for a whole number of shares of common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2020, the warrants met the definition of a derivative under ASC 815 and were classified as a liability measured at fair
value, with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings. 

During
the year ending December 31, 2021, (i) an aggregate of shares of common stock were issued pursuant to the exercise of 
Public Warrants and (ii) an aggregate of shares of common stock were issued pursuant to the exercise (on a cashless basis)
of Private Warrants. There were warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

 shares subject to outstanding awards under the 2021 Plan, including shares subject
to performance-based target awards, shares subject to market-price vesting conditions, shares subject to awards that
were previously subject to performance criteria that were determined to have been met for the applicable performance year which awards
continue to remain subject to a time-based vesting schedule and shares subject to awards as to which the applicable vesting conditions
have been met which remain subject to deferred settlement ; (ii) shares subject to outstanding awards under the 2018 Plan, including
 shares subject to performance-based target awards and shares subject to awards as to which the applicable vesting conditions
have been met which remain subject to deferred settlement; and (iii) shares subject to outstanding awards under the Prior Plans
as to which the applicable vesting conditions have been met which remain subject to deferred settlement. As of December 31, 2022, there
were shares available for new awards under the 2021 Plan (which includes shares rolled over from the 2018 Plan) and no shares
available for new awards under the Prior Plans. All awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022 consisted of RSUs (including time-based
RSUs, performance-based RSUs and stock price based RSUs). 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

The
Company also has an employee stock purchase plan ESPP that authorizes the issuance of up to an aggregate of shares
of common stock pursuant to purchases thereunder by employees. The ESPP, which was approved by stockholders in July 2017, is administered
by the Compensation Committee which has discretion to designate the length of offering periods and other terms subject to the requirements
of the ESPP. Offerings may also be under the ESPP s subplan for UK-based employees (the Subplan which was adopted
in June 2022 and is designed to meet the requirements of a sharesave scheme under UK law. The terms applicable to the offerings approved
in 2022 under the ESPP and Subplan are described below. Based on enrollments in these offerings, the Company estimates that approximately
 shares will be purchased shares under the ESPP and under the Subplan). 

The
offering period approved in 2022 for the ESPP is for a period of twelve months (ending in October 2023), eligible employees may contribute
up to of base compensation, a maximum of shares may be purchased per participant, the purchase price will be equal to of
the lower of the closing price of the common stock at the beginning of the offering period (the applicable closing price was and the end of the offering period and shares will be purchased on the last day of the offering period. Under the offering approved for
the Subplan, eligible employees may contribute a maximum amount of per month through payroll deductions over a period of three
years (through October 2025), the purchase price will be equal to of the closing price of the common stock on the day prior to commencement
of the enrollment window for the offering (the applicable closing price was ), and participants have a period of six months following
the end of the offering to elect to purchase shares or receive a refund. 

As
of December 31, 2022, a total of shares remained available for purchase under the ESPP. A total of shares were issued under
the ESPP in 2020 (at a purchase price of per share) and shares were issued under the ESPP in 2021 or 2022. 

Granted (1) 

Forfeited 

Vested
 (2) 

Unvested Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

(1) 
 RSUs under the Board s compensation program
 for non-employee directors which vest during the year of grant and, at the election of the participant, may remain unsettled until
 the director leaves the Company; and (b) RSUs under an incentive program for management and other personnel, as to which
 one-half was in the form of performance-based RSUs that are conditioned on attainment of performance criteria for fiscal year 2022
 and subject to a time-based service period through December 31, 2024 and the other one-half vests in installments through December
 31, 2024. 

(2) 
 RSUs that are
 subject to deferred settlement terms; and (b) RSUs that were settled on a net share basis on or about December 30,
 2022, resulting in shares being issued in and withheld for taxes (the processing of the issuance and delivery of
 such shares occurred partially in December 2022 (as to shares) and partially in January 2023 (as to shares)). 

The
Company issued a total of shares during the year ended December 31, 2022 in net settlement of RSUs which included an aggregate
of shares in settlement of RSUs that vested during the prior year on December 31, 2021. 

The
weighted average grant date fair value of awards granted for years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 amounted
to ,
 
 and ,
respectively. The vesting date value of RSUs vesting for years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 amounted
to 
 million, 
 million and 
 million, respectively. There
was no income tax benefit recognized related to awards that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 ,
respectively as there is a full valuation allowance in place against the RSU scheme s deferred tax asset . 

Stock-based
compensation is recognized as an expense over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. For performance awards
that are contingent upon the Company achieving certain pre-determined financial performance targets, compensation expense is calculated
based on the number of shares expected to vest after assessing the probability that the performance criteria will be met. Determining
the probability of achieving a performance target requires estimates and judgment. For market-based awards that are contingent upon the
Company s stock achieving certain pre-determined price targets, compensation expense is calculated based upon the determination
of the fair value of the awards as derived through multiple running of the Monte Carlo valuation model, with the fair value recognized
on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. The requisite service period for awards to employees is generally satisfied
over a vesting period of three years (and one year for non-employee directors). The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. For
stock purchase rights under the Company s ESPP (including its subplan), the Company estimates fair value using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model on the dates of grant, with the compensation expense recognized over the requisite service period. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

Payroll taxes on vesting
 of RSUs 

Total
unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock awards and unvested RSUs at December 31, 2022 amounts to million and
is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

Change during the period 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Change during the period 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Change during the period 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Included
within accumulated other comprehensive income is an amount of million relating to the change in fair value of discontinued hedging
instruments. This amount will be amortized as a charge to income over the life of the original instruments, in accordance with US GAAP. 

Unvested Restricted Stock 

Stock Warrants 

Anti-dilutive
 securities 

Effect of Dilutive Securities 

RSUs 

Diluted EPS 

Income available to common stockholders 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

 million to repurchase Inspired common shares (such amount
being exclusive of any fees, commissions or other expenses), subject to repurchases being effected on or before May 10, 2025 (the Share
Repurchase Program ). Management has discretion as to whether to repurchase shares of the Company. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares under the Share Repurchase Program for gross payments of approximately
 million, which were canceled and retired during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 
million remained available for future repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. 

Refer
Part II, Item 5 of this report for further details regarding shares repurchased during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

Expected return on pension plan assets 

Foreign currency translation
 on senior bank debt 

Other finance income (Costs) 

and respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s effective tax rate differs from the federal
statutory rate primarily due to losses in certain jurisdictions where the Company presently has recorded a valuation allowance against
the related tax benefit as well as an inclusion for global intangible low-taxed income. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s
effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate primarily due to losses in certain jurisdictions where the Company presently
has recorded a valuation allowance against the related tax benefit and non-deductible officer s compensation. 

Foreign
 jurisdictions) 

Total
 earnings (loss) before income taxes 

State 

Foreign 

Total
 current 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year
 Ended December 31, 2021 
 Year
 Ended December 31, 2020 

(in
 millions) 
 
 Deferred
 provision (benefit) 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Total
 deferred 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

State taxes (net of federal) 

Non-deductible officers compensation 

Global intangible low-taxed income 

Other permanent differences 

Effect of rates different than statutory 

Non-creditable withholding taxes 

Foreign
 tax true ups 

Research and development tax credits 

Change
 in valuation allowance 

Effective
 income tax rate 

Net operating losses 

Other temporary differences 

Intangible Assets 

Right of Use Liability 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance
 balance 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Intangible assets 

Other temporary differences 

Right of Use Asset 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

Net
 deferred tax assets 

(Decrease) increase 

Reversal of allowance 

Ending balance 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has
 million and million, respectively, of gross federal net operating loss carry forwards, these losses have an unlimited carry
forward. The cumulative state net operating losses as of December 31, 2022 are million, which begin to expire in 2026. The utilization
of both the Company s federal and state net operating losses may be subject to a limitation in the future due to the change
of ownership provisions under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not had an ownership
change under Section 382. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company also
has gross net operating losses in foreign jurisdictions, primarily the United Kingdom, totalling million and million, respectively.
The majority of these net operating losses have an unlimited carry forward period. 

The
Company recorded a valuation allowance against all of our deferred tax assets as of both December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. We
intend to continue maintaining a full valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets until there is sufficient evidence to support the
reversal of all or some portion of these allowances. However, given our current earnings and anticipated future earnings, we believe
that there is a reasonable possibility that within the next 12 months, sufficient positive evidence may become available to allow us
to reach a conclusion that a significant portion of the valuation allowance will no longer be needed. Release of the valuation allowance
would result in the recognition of certain deferred tax assets and a decrease to income tax expense for the period the release is recorded.
However, the exact timing and amount of the valuation allowance release are subject to change on the basis of the level of profitability
that we are able to actually achieve. The valuation allowance we recorded as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 
million and million, respectively. 

The
Company has not recognized deferred tax liabilities in respect of unremitted earnings that are considered indefinitely reinvested in
foreign subsidiaries. We do not provide for taxes on our undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that have not been previously
taxed because we intend to invest such undistributed earnings indefinitely outside of the United States. 

Currently, there are no federal, state or foreign jurisdiction tax audits
pending. The Company s corporate federal and state tax returns from 2019 to 2021 remain subject to examination by tax authorities
and the Company s foreign tax returns from 2014 to 2021 remain subject to examination by tax authorities. 

In accordance with ASC 740, the Company has evaluated
its tax positions to determine if there are any uncertain tax positions. As of December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Company has unrecognized
tax benefits for uncertain tax positions and has accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. The Company does
not anticipate any material change in the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will occur within the next twelve months. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

 of our common stock as of December 31, 2022, and of our common
stock as of December 31, 2021. Macquarie UK was also one of the lending parties with respect to the Prior Financing and its associated
revolving credit facility. Macquarie UK did not hold any of the Company s aggregate senior debt at December 31, 2022 or December
31, 2021. Interest expense payable to Macquarie UK for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to million, 
 million and million, respectively. In addition, Macquarie EUR received million of million of fees paid in connection with
the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes and the RCF in the year ended December 31, 2021, and Macquarie UK received million of a
total million of amendment fees paid with respect to the Prior Financing in the year ended December 31, 2020. MIHI LLC is also a
party to a stockholders agreement with the Company and other stockholders, dated December 23, 2016, pursuant to which, subject to certain
conditions, MIHI LLC, jointly with Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC, are permitted to designate two directors to be nominated for election
as directors of the Company at any annual or special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected, until such time as
MIHI LLC and Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC in the aggregate hold less than of the outstanding shares of the Company. 

HG
Vora Special Opportunities Master Fund Limited HG Vora (a purchaser of our Senior Secured Notes issued on May 20, 2021)
was a significant stockholder until October 12, 2021. Interest expense payable to HG Vora while a related party for the year ended December
31, 2021 amounted to million. 

On December 31, 2021, the Company entered into a consultancy agreement
with Richard Weil, the brother of A. Lorne Weil, our Executive Chairman, under which he received a success fee in the amount of million
for services he provided in connection with our acquisition of Sportech Lotteries, LLC. The success fee was paid during the year ended
December 31, 2022. Under the agreement, as extended in November 2022, he will provide consulting services relating to the lottery in the
Dominican Republic through to June 30, 2023 at a rate of per month and, with respect to such services, the aggregate amount incurred
by the Company in consulting fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. 

We
incurred certain offering expenses in connection with an underwritten public offering of shares held by a significant stockholder, the
Landgame Trust, which closed on June 1, 2021, as to which our expenses were reimbursed by the stockholder. For the year ended December
31, 2021, the aggregate amount invoiced for reimbursement was million. The stockholder sold an aggregate of shares in
the offering (including shares subject to an over-allotment option that was exercised in full) at an offering price of 
per share, less underwriting discounts and commissions of per share. One of the participating underwriters in the offering was
Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc., an affiliate of MIHI LLC (see paragraph above), pursuant to which it purchased of the shares including
 shares subject to the over-allotment option. 

The
Company held a non-controlling equity interest in Innov8 Gaming Limited Innov8 from October 2019 until April 2020
when the Company disposed of its interest. Revenue earned from Innov8 while a related party for the year ended December 31, 2020 amounted
to million and purchases from Innov8 while a related party for the year ended December 31, 2020 amounted to million. The value
of the investment was impaired by million to Nil in March 2020 prior to disposal. 

 to years. 

During
the years to December 31, 2021 and 2020, certain concessions were granted with respect to the Company s operating leases in light
of Covid-19. These took the form of lease extensions, where nothing was paid for a period of time with that same period of time and payments
added onto the lease at the end, payment holidays, where payments were deferred until a later date, but with no lease extension, and
discounted payments, where payments were reduced and not repaid either at a later date or through lease extensions. The Company elected
to use the practical expedient granted by the FASB and account for the concessions as if they were part of the enforceable rights and
obligations of the parties under the existing lease contract for all affected operating leases. Lease extensions and discounted payments
were accounted using the cash basis approach, with the lease liability and right-of-use asset continuing to be accounted
for as if payments were still being made under the original terms of the lease. Payment holidays were accounted for using the remeasurement
consistent with resolving a contingency approach, which involved remeasuring the liability and the right-of-use asset and continuing
to recognize the total cost of the lease on a straight line basis over the period to which it relates. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

The
Company is also party to finance leases with third parties with respect to gaming machines. The leases have remaining terms of between
 and months. 

Interest 

Operating lease costs 

Short-term lease costs 

Variable lease costs 

Total 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Weighted average remaining lease term 
 finance leases 
 
 months 
 
 months 
 
 Weighted average remaining lease term 
 operating leases 
 
 months 
 
 months 
 
 Weighted average discount rate
 finance leases 

Weighted average discount
 rate operating leases 

Assets
leased under finance leases had a cost of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and accumulated
depreciation associated with these assets was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease
 payments 

Less:
 imputed interest 

Total 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total
 future minimum lease payments 

Less:
 imputed interest 

() 
 
 Total 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

The
Company as Lessor 

The
Company is party to leases with third parties with respect to various gaming machines. Gaming machine leases typically include a lease
(of the machine) and a non-lease (provision of software services) component, both of which are included in the amounts disclosed. 

The
leases have remaining terms of to months. 

During
the years to December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company granted concessions to customers in the form of lease extensions granted during
the lockdown period, where nothing was paid during the concession period, with that same period of time and payments added onto the lease
at the end. The Company elected to use the practical expedient granted by the FASB and account for the concessions as if they were part
of the enforceable rights and obligations of the parties under the existing lease contract for all affected leases. 

Assets
leased under operating leases had a cost of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and accumulated
depreciation associated with these assets was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to million, million and million, respectively. 

Operating lease income 

Profit recognized at commencement date of sales
 type leases 

Variable income from
 sales type leases 

Total 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total future minimum lease
 receivables 

Less:
 imputed interest 

Total 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total
 future minimum lease receivables 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

 million, million and million for the
year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Contributions totaling million and million were payable to the fund
as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
defined benefit scheme has been closed to new entrants since April 1, 1999 and closed to future accruals for services rendered to the
Company for the entire financial statement periods presented in these consolidated financial statements. Retirement benefits are generally
based on a portion of an employee s pensionable earnings during years prior to 2010. 

The
latest triennial actuarial valuation of the scheme as at March 31, 2021 was finalized in June 2022. The actuarial valuation revealed
that the statutory funding objective was not met, i.e. there were insufficient assets to cover the Scheme s Technical Provisions
and there was a funding shortfall of million million) at the valuation date. Under the Recovery Plan and Schedule of
Contributions agreed between the Trustee and the Company on June 28, 2022, . The
Company will also make expense contributions of million million) per annum for the period covered by the Recovery Plan
and Schedule of Contributions. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

The
trustee has made an allowance for the pension scheme liability profile when deciding the investment strategy of the pension scheme. Since
the pension scheme is closed to new entrants and ceased future accrual with effect from March 31, 2010, it has continued to mature gradually.
Therefore, the trustee reviews the investment strategy regularly to check whether any changes are needed. When considering the investment
strategy, the trustee has taken into account the effect of any possible increases in the deficit reduction contributions on the financial
position of the Company, and the extent to which the Company will be able to bear these changes. 

The
scheme s investment policy is to maximize long-term financial return commensurate with security and minimizing risk, with an objective
of achieving a return of around 3 per annum above the return on UK Government bonds. This is achieved by holding a portfolio of marketable
investments that avoids over-concentration of investment and spreads assets both over industries and geographies. In setting investment
strategy, the trustees considered the lowest risk strategy that they could adopt in relation to the scheme s liabilities and designed
an asset allocation to achieve a higher return while maintaining a cautious approach to meeting the scheme s liabilities. The trustees
undertake periodic reviews of the investment strategy and take advice from their investment advisors. They consider a full range of asset
classes, the risks and rewards of a range of alternative asset allocation strategies, the suitability of each asset class and the need
for appropriate diversification. The current strategy is to hold 12 in a diversified growth fund, 24 in diversified credit, 18 in
a equity-linked liability-driven investment funds, 6 in credit-linked liability-driven investment funds and 40 in a buy-in policy. 

Our
pension benefit costs are calculated using various actuarial assumptions and methodologies. These assumptions include discount rates,
inflation, expected returns on plan assets, mortality rates and other factors. The assumptions used in recording the obligations under
our plans represent our best estimates, and we believe that they are reasonable, based on information as to historical experience and
performance as well as other factors that might cause future expectations to differ from past trends. Differences in actual experience
or changes in assumptions may affect our pension obligations and future expense. The principal factors contributing to actuarial gains
and losses each year are (1) changes in the discount rate used to value pension benefit obligations as of the measurement date and (2)
differences between the expected and the actual return on plan assets. 

Our
valuation methodologies used for pension assets measured at fair value are as follows. There have been no changes in the methodologies
used at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

The
diversified fund is valued at fair value by using the net asset value NAV of shares held by the plan at the year end.
The NAV of the diversified fund is not publicly quoted. The majority of the underlying securities have observable Level 1 or 2 pricing
inputs, including quoted prices for similar assets in active or non-active markets. ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,
allows NAV per share to serve as a practical expedient to estimate the fair value of the diversified fund. ASC 820 also states that where
NAV is allowed to be used as an estimate of fair value, if the reporting entity has the ability to redeem its investment at NAV as of
the measurement date, that investment shall be categorized as a Level II fair value measurement. If the investment cannot be redeemed
at the measurement date, but may be redeemable in the future, but at an uncertain date, the investment shall be categorized as a Level
3 fair value measurement. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the diversified fund was redeemable at NAV as of the measurement dates and, therefore, classified
as Level 2. 

With
respect to the buy-in contract, it was agreed during the year ended September 27, 2014, that 281 pensioners of the plan would be insured
by means of a pensioner buy-in. The liabilities and assets in respect of insured pensioners are assumed to match for the purposes of
ASC 715, Pensions - Retirement Benefits, disclosures (i.e. the full benefits have been insured). The approach adopted has therefore been
to include within the total value of assets, an amount equal to the calculated total liability value of the insured pensioners on the
actuarial assumptions adopted for ASC 715 purposes. The buy-in contract is, therefore, classified as Level 3. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

Interest cost 

Actuarial (gain) loss 

Benefits paid 

Foreign currency translation
 adjustments 

Benefit obligation at
 end of period 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period 

Actual (loss) gain on plan assets 

Employer contributions 

Benefits paid 

Foreign currency translation
 adjustments 

Fair value of assets at end of period 

Amount recognized in the
 consolidated balance sheets: 

(Unfunded) Overfunded
 status (non-current) 

Net amount recognized 

Expected return on plan assets 

Amortization of net
 loss 

Net periodic (benefit)
 cost 

The
accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, respectively. The (underfunded) overfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans recorded as a (liability) asset
in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was ) million and million, respectively. 

The
estimated net loss, net transition asset (obligation) and prior service cost for the plan that will be amortized from accumulated other
comprehensive income into net periodic pension cost over the next fiscal year are million, nil and nil , respectively. 

Buy-in contract 

Cash and other current
 assets 

Total 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

The
fair value of the plan assets at December 31, 2021 by asset category is presented below: 

Level
 1 
 Level
 2 
 Level
 3 
 Total 

(in millions) 
 
 Diversified fund 

Buy-in contract 

Cash 

Total 

Expected return on assets 

RPI inflation 

CPI inflation pre 2030 

CPI inflation post 2030 

Pension increases pre-2006 service 

Pension increases post-2006 service 

Pension increases post 1988 GMP 
 pre 2030 

Pension increases post 1988 GMP 
 post 2030 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 to 2032 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

The
following tables present revenue, cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization, selling, general and administrative expenses,
depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense and acquisition related transaction expenses, operating profit/(loss),
total assets and total capital expenditures for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively,
by business segment. Certain unallocated corporate function costs have not been allocated to the Company s reportable operating
segments because these costs are not allocable and to do so would not be practical. Corporate function costs consist primarily of selling,
general and administrative expenses, depreciation and amortization, capital expenditures, right of use assets, cash, prepaid expenses
and property and equipment and software development costs relating to corporate/shared functions. All acquisition and integration related
transaction expenses are allocated as corporate function costs. 

Product
 sales 

Total
 revenue 

Cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization: 

Cost of service 

Cost of product sales 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Acquisition and integration related transaction
 expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Segment
 operating income (loss) 

Net
 operating income 

Total assets at December
 31, 2022 

Total goodwill at December
 31, 2022 

Total
 capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Year
Ended December 31, 2021 

Gaming 
 Virtual Sports 
 Interactive 
 Leisure 
 Corporate Functions 
 Total 

(in millions) 
 
 Revenue: 

Service 

Product
 sales 

Total
 revenue 

Cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization: 

Cost of service 

Cost of product sales 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Acquisition and integration related transaction
 expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Segment
 operating income (loss) 

Net
 operating loss 

Total assets at December
 31, 2021 

Total goodwill at December
 31, 2021 

Total
 capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2021 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

Year
Ended December 31, 2020 

Gaming 
 Virtual Sports 
 Interactive 
 Leisure 
 Corporate Functions 
 Total 

(in millions) 
 
 Revenue: 

Service 

Product
 sales 

Total
 revenue 

Cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization: 

Cost of service 

Cost of product sales 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Acquisition and integration related transaction
 expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Segment
 operating income (loss) 

Net
 operating loss 

Total
 capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2020 

Geographic
Information 

Greece 

Rest of world 

Total 

Total
 revenue 

UK
revenue includes revenue from customers headquartered in the UK, but whose revenue is generated globally. 

Greece 

Rest of world 

Total 

Total
 non- current assets excluding goodwill 

Software
development costs are included as attributable to the market in which they are utilized. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

 of the Company s revenues.
This customer was served by the Virtual Sports and Interactive segments. During the year ended December 31, 2021, no customers represented
at least of revenues. During the year ended December 31, 2020, one customer represented at least 10 of revenues, accounting for
 of the Company s revenues. This customer was served by the Gaming, Virtual Sports and Interactive segments. 

At
December 31, 2022, there was one customer that represented at least 10 of the Company s accounts receivable, accounting for 
of the Company s accounts receivable. At December, 2021, there were no customers that represented at least of the Company s
accounts receivable. 

F- 49 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

Exhibits 

(c) 
 Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Share
 Sale Agreement, dated July 13, 2016, by and among Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp., the Vendors, Target Parent, DMWSL 632 Limited
 and Gaming Acquisitions Limited (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company,
 filed with the SEC on July 19, 2016). 

2.2 
 
 Completion
 Arrangements Agreement, dated December 23, 2016, between Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp. and the Vendors listed in schedule 1
 to the Share Sale Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company,
 filed with the SEC on December 30, 2016). 

2.3 
 
 Share
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2019, by and between Inspired Gaming (UK) Limited and Novomatic UK Ltd. (incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on June 11, 2019). 

3.1(a) 
 
 Second
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Inspired Entertainment, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1
 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on December 30, 2016). 

3.1(b) 
 
 Certificate
 of Elimination of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, dated August 13, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on August 14, 2020). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Inspired Entertainment, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K Company, filed with the SEC on November 11, 2019). 

4.1 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated October 24, 2014, between Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp. and certain security holders (incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on October 29, 2014). 

4.2 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated December 23, 2016, by and among Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp. and the Vendors (incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on December 30, 2016). 

4.3 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022. 

4.4 
 
 Indenture, dated as of May 20, 2021, among Inspired Entertainment (Financing) PLC, as issuer, the Company, as a guarantor, the subsidiaries of the Company named therein, as additional guarantors, GLAS Trustees Limited, as trustee, GLAS Trust Corporation Limited as security agent and GLAS Trust Company LLC as paying agent, transfer agent and registrar (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on May 20, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 Form
 of 7.875 Senior Secured Notes due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.5). 

10.1 
 
 Super
 Senior Revolving Credit Facilities Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2021, among the Company, Gaming Acquisition Limited, Inspired Entertainment
 (Financing) PLC and Inspired Gaming (UK) Limited as original borrowers, the subsidiaries of the Company named therein as original
 guarantors, Global Loan Agency Services Limited as agent, GLAS Trust Corporation Limited as security agent and Barclays Bank plc
 and Macquarie Corporate Holdings Pty Limited (UK Branch) as arrangers and original lenders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on May 20, 2021). 

65 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form
 of Director and Officer Indemnity Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of
 the Company, filed with the SEC on December 30, 2016). 

10.3 
 
 Stockholders
 Agreement, dated December 23, 2016, by and among the Company, Hydra Industries Sponsor LLC, Macquarie Sponsor and the Vendors (incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on December 30, 2016). 

10.4# 
 
 Inspired
 Entertainment, Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Annual Report on Form
 10-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on December 4, 2017). 

10.5# 
 
 Inspired
 Entertainment, Inc. Second Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Post-Effective
 Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of the Company, filed with the SEC on December 29, 2017). 

10.6# 
 
 Inspired
 Entertainment, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K
 of the Company, filed with the SEC on December 10, 2018). 

10.7# 
 
 Inspired
 Entertainment, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K
 of the Company, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022). 

10.8# 
 
 Forms of Grant Agreements for fiscal year 2022 under the Inspired Entertainment, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Time-Based Form of Agreement and Performance-Based Form of Agreement). 

10.9# 
 
 Inspired Entertainment, Inc. 2022 Short-Term Incentive Bonus Plan. 

10.10# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated as of October 9, 2020, by and between the Company and A. Lorne Weil (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 13, 2020). 

10.11# 
 
 Letter, dated April 21, 2021, from the Company to A. Lorne Weil (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company, filed with the SEC on May 14, 2021). 

10.12# 
 
 Addendum, effective June 21, 2021, to the Employment Agreement dated October 9, 2020 by and between the Company and A. Lorne Weil (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with the Company on June 24, 2021). 

66 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 10.13# 
 
 Second Addendum, effective January 1, 2023, to the Employment Agreement dated October 9, 2020, as amended, by and between the Company and A. Lorne Weil (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on January 17, 2023). 

10.14# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated February 17, 2020, between Inspired Entertainment, Inc. and Brooks H. Pierce (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.15 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2020). 

10.15# 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 21, 2021, by and between the Company and Brooks H. Pierce (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on July 23, 2021). 

10.16# 
 
 Second Addendum, effective January 1, 2023, to the Employment Agreement dated February 17, 2020, as amended, by and between the Company and Brooks H. Pierce (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on January 17, 2023. 

10.17# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated December 14, 2016, between Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp. and Daniel B. Silvers (incorporated herein by reference
 to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on December 30, 2016). 

10.18# 
 
 Amendment,
 dated December 22, 2017, to the Employee Agreement, dated December 14, 2016, between Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp. and Daniel
 B. Silvers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Post-Effective Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form
 S-1 of the Company, filed with the SEC on December 29, 2017). 

10.19# 
 
 Amendment
 effective January 31, 2020, to the Employment Agreement dated December 14, 2016 (as amended) by and between the Company and Daniel
 B. Silvers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC
 on February 6, 2020). 

10.20# 
 
 Separation and Release Agreement, dated January 10, 2023, between the Company and Daniel B. Silvers. 

10.21# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated August 3, 2021, by and between IG UK and Stewart F.B. Baker (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021). 

10.22# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 3, 2021, by and between IG UK and Carys Damon (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021). 

10.23# 
 
 Inspired Entertainment, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 of the Company, filed with the SEC on July 14, 2017). 

67 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

10.24# 
 
 Inspired Entertainment Sharesave Plan (U.K. Appendix) (adopted as a subplan to the Inspired Entertainment Employee Stock Purchase Plan) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company, filed with the SEC on November 9, 2022). 

10.25# 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (as amended and restated) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company, filed with the SEC on May 10, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
of the Company. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP. 

31.1 
 
 Section 302 Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 

31.2 
 
 Section 302 Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 

32.1 
 
 Section 906 Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 

32.2 
 
 Section 906 Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase 

# 
 Indicates
 management contract or compensatory plan. 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

68 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

INSPIRED
 ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 A. Lorne Weil 

A.
 Lorne Weil 

Executive
 Chairman 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 /s/
 A. Lorne Weil 

A.
 Lorne Weil, Executive Chairman 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 /s/
 Stewart F.B. Baker 

Stewart
 F.B. Baker, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 /s/
 Michael R. Chambrello 

Michael
 R. Chambrello, Director 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 /s/
 Ira H. Raphaelson 

Ira
 H. Raphaelson, Director 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 /s/
 Desir e G. Rogers 

Desir e
 G. Rogers, Director 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 /s/
 Steven M. Saferin 

Steven
 M. Saferin, Director 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 /s/
 Katja Tautscher 

Katja
 Tautscher, Director 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 /s/
 John M. Vandemore 

John
 M. Vandemore, Director 

69 

<EX-10.8>
 2
 ex10-8.htm

Exhibit
10.8 

Form
of Time-Based RSU Award Agreement 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 

 2021
OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 

Restricted
Stock Unit Award Agreement 

This
RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into as of February 14, 2022 (the Grant Date ),
and is between Inspired Entertainment, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and [PARTICIPANT NAME] (the Participant ),
an employee of the Company or one of its subsidiaries. Any term capitalized but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning
set forth in the Inspired Entertainment, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 

1.
 Grant of Units . In accordance with the terms of the Plan and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement,
the Company hereby grants to the Participant [NUMBER] Restricted Stock Units (each a Unit and collectively, the
 Units ). 

2.
 Vesting of Units. The Units shall vest (i.e., the restrictions shall lapse) in the following installments: 

One-third
 on December 31, 2022; 

One-third
 on December 31, 2023; and 

One-third
 on December 31, 2024. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, and except as otherwise provided in Section 5 of this Agreement or the Plan, if the Participant ceases to provide employment
or other services to the Company or a subsidiary of the Company for any reason, all unvested Units shall be automatically and immediately
forfeited and terminated. 

3.
 Settlement of Units. Within thirty (30) days of an applicable vesting date, the Company will issue in certificated or uncertificated
form to the Participant a number of shares of the Company s common stock (the Stock corresponding to the
number of Units that vested, less the number, if any, withheld in satisfaction of applicable withholding taxes as discussed in Section
4. 

4.
 Taxes; Withholding Obligation . 

(a)
The Participant shall be ultimately liable and responsible for all federal, state, local or foreign income or employment taxes owed in
connection with the Units and/or required to be withheld, regardless of any action the Company takes with respect to any tax withholding
obligations that arise in connection with the Units. The Company makes no representation or undertaking regarding the domestic or foreign
tax treatment of the Participant in connection with the grant or vesting of the Units, the issuance of shares of Stock upon settlement
of the Units or the subsequent sale of such shares of Stock. The Company is not committed and is not under any obligation to structure
the Units to reduce or eliminate the Participant s tax liability. 

(b)
As a condition to the Company s delivery of shares of Stock pursuant to Section 3, the Participant shall be required to make appropriate
arrangements for the satisfaction of any applicable domestic or foreign tax or employment or social insurance withholding obligation
which may include tendering to the Company a cash payment equal to the withholding amount due in accordance with procedures adopted from
time to time by the Company. If withholding of taxes and/or social insurance is required at the time of vesting and the Participant has
not made other arrangements satisfactory to the Company, the Company will withhold from any shares deliverable upon the vesting of Units
a number having a Fair Market Value equal to the withholding taxes due. 

5.
 Effect of Termination of Employment/Service . If the Participant ceases to provide employment or other services to the Company
or a subsidiary of the Company for any reason all unvested Units shall be automatically and immediately forfeited and terminated; provided
that, if there is a conflict between this provision and the provisions of any employment (or similar) agreement between the Company (or
a subsidiary of the Company) and the Participant in effect at the time of termination, the provisions of such employment (or similar)
agreement shall govern. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event: 

the
 Participant ceases to provide employment or other services due to the Participant s
 death or 

a
 Change in Control occurs AND the Participant s employment or other services are terminated
 by the Company or an Affiliate without Cause within the twelve (12) month period immediately
 following such Change in Control (such that the Participant s Units would otherwise
 be cancelled (e.g., not be retained in accordance with Section 14(g) of the Plan)), 

the
Participant s unvested Units shall vest as of the date of such termination. 

6.
 Clawback . By accepting the award of Units, the Participant agrees that the Company may recover some or all of the shares of Stock
delivered with respect to such award or recoup some or all of the value thereof via offset from other amounts owed by the Participant
to the Company or any of its Affiliates, at any time in the three calendar years following delivery thereof, if and to the extent that
the Committee concludes that (i) U.S. federal or state law, the laws of any other jurisdiction in which the Participant has been employed
by or providing services to the Company during the term of the award, or the listing requirements of any exchange on which the Company s
stock is listed for trading so require, or (ii) as required by Section 304 of the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Section 954 of the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or otherwise after a restatement of the Company s financial results as
reported to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. By accepting an award hereunder, and by accepting any delivery of shares of
Stock hereunder, the Participant agrees to promptly comply with any Company demand for recovery or recoupment hereunder. 

7.
 Transferability of Units . Except as otherwise provided herein, the Participant may not sell, transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise
alienate or hypothecate Units other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution or equivalent laws in the jurisdiction of the
Participant s employment. Any attempt to transfer Units in contravention of this Section 7 is null and void ab initio . 

8.
 Compliance with Securities Laws and other Requirements . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the Company
determines that issuing or distributing shares of Stock would violate applicable securities laws or other legal or regulatory requirements,
the Company will not issue or distribute such shares until such time as distribution of the shares would not violate applicable securities
laws and other requirements. The Committee may declare any provision of this Agreement or action of its own null and void, if it determines
the provision or action fails to comply with the applicable short-swing trading rules under the securities laws. As a condition to issuing
or distributing shares of Stock to the Participant, until such time as such shares have been registered pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the securities laws, or an exemption from such requirements is available, the Company may require the Participant to
make such written representations as it deems necessary or desirable to comply with applicable securities laws. 

9.
 No Limitation on Rights of the Company . The grant of Units does not and will not in any way affect the right or power of the Company
to make adjustments, reclassifications or changes in its capital or business structure, or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate,
sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 

10.
 Plan and Agreement Not a Contract of Employment or Service . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement is a contract of employment or
services, and no terms of the Participant s employment or services agreement shall be affected in any way by the Plan, this Agreement
or related instruments, except to the extent specifically expressed therein. Neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall be construed as
conferring any legal rights on the Participant to continue to be employed or remain in service with the Company or any of its Affiliates,
nor will it interfere with the Company s or any of its Affiliates right to discharge the Participant with or without Cause
or to otherwise deal with the Participant regardless of the existence of the Plan, this Agreement or Units. 

11.
 Participant to Have No Rights as a Stockholder . Before the date as of which the shares of Stock are issued to the Participant,
the Participant will have no rights as a shareholder with respect to those shares. 

12.
 Notice . Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement must be in writing and must be delivered
personally, sent by certified, registered or express mail, or sent by overnight courier, at the sender s expense. Notice shall
be deemed given when delivered personally or, if mailed, three days after the date of deposit in the United States mail or, if sent by
overnight courier, on the regular business day following the date sent. Notice to the Company should be sent to Inspired Entertainment,
Inc., 250 West 57 th Street, Suite 415, New York, NY 10107, Attention: General Counsel. Notice to the Participant should be
sent to the address the Participant has on file with the Company. Either party may change the person and/or address to whom or which
the other party must give notice under this Section 12 by giving such other party written notice of such change, in accordance with the
procedures described above. 

13.
 Successors . All obligations of the Company under this Agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence
of the successor results from a direct or indirect purchase of all or substantially all of the business of the Company, or a merger,
consolidation, or otherwise. 

14.
 Governing Law . To the extent not preempted by federal law, this Agreement will be construed and enforced in accordance with, and
governed by, the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflicts of law principles that would require the application
of the law of any other jurisdiction. The Company and the Participant hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action
or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the Units and this Agreement shall be brought only in the courts in the State of New
York, County of New York, including the federal courts located therein should federal jurisdiction requirements exist, and (ii) consent
to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the such courts for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with
the Units or this Agreement. 

15.
 Plan Document Controls . The rights granted under this Agreement are in all respects subject to the provisions set forth in the
Plan to the same extent and with the same effect as if set forth fully in this Agreement. If the terms of this Agreement conflict with
the terms of the Plan document, the Plan document will control. 

16.
 Amendment of the Agreement . The Company and the Participant may amend this Agreement only by a written instrument signed by both
parties. 

17.
 Counterparts . The parties may execute this Agreement in one or more counterparts, all of which together shall constitute but one
Agreement. 

18.
 Code Section 409A . The issuance of shares of Stock under this Agreement shall be provided in a manner that complies with Code
Section 409A and any ambiguity herein shall be interpreted so as to be consistent with the intent of this paragraph. In no event whatsoever
shall the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalty that may be imposed on the Participant by Code Section 409A or
damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Participant is a specified
employee as such term is defined under Code Section 409A at the time of a separation from service and the deferral of the commencement
of any payments or benefits otherwise payable hereunder as a result of such separation from service is necessary in order to prevent
any accelerated recognition of income or additional tax under Code Section 409A, then the Company will defer the issuance of shares of
Stock hereunder (without any reduction therein) until the date that is at least six (6) months following the Participant s separation
from service with the Company or the earliest date permitted under Code Section 409A (e.g., immediately upon the Participant s
death), whereupon the Company will promptly issue to the Participant the shares of Stock that would have otherwise been previously issued
to the Participant under this Agreement during the period in which such issuance was deferred. 

19.
 Data Privacy . The Participant explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use, and transfer, in electronic or other
form, of personal data as described in this Section 19 by and among, as applicable, the Company and its Affiliates for the exclusive
purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Plan and this Agreement. In furtherance of such implementation, administration,
and management, the Company and its Affiliates may hold certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited
to, the Participant s name, home address, telephone number(s), date of birth, social security or insurance number or other identification
number, salary, nationality, job title(s), information regarding any securities of the Company or any of its Affiliates, and details
of this Agreement (the Data ). In addition to transferring the Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose
of implementation, administration, and management of the Plan and this Agreement, the Company and its Affiliates may each transfer the
Data to any third parties assisting the Company in the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan and this Agreement.
Recipients of the Data may be located in the Participant s country or elsewhere, and the Participant s country may have different
data privacy laws and protections. The Participant authorizes such recipients to receive, possess, use, retain, and transfer the Data,
in electronic or other form, for the purposes of assisting the Company in the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan
and this Agreement, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Company
or the Participant may elect to deposit any shares of Stock. The Data related to the Participant will be held as long as is necessary
to implement, administer, and manage the Plan and this Agreement. The Participant may, at any time, view the Data held by the Company
with respect to such Participant, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data with respect to such Participant,
recommend any necessary corrections to the Data with respect to the Participant, or refuse or withdraw the consents herein in writing,
in any case without cost, by contacting the Participant s local human resources representative. The Company may cancel the Participant s
eligibility to participate in the Plan, and in the Committee s discretion, the Participant may forfeit any the Units if the Participant
refuses or withdraws the consents described herein. 

20.
 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and any other documents to be executed to implement its provisions together constitute the entire
agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior and contemporaneous agreements, representations
and understandings of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Participant have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title:

[Name] 

Form
of Performance-Based RSU Award Agreement 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 

 2021
OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 

Performance
Unit Award Agreement 

This
PERFORMANCE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into as of February 14, 2022 (the Grant Date ),
and is between Inspired Entertainment, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and [PARTICIPANT NAME] (the Participant ),
an employee of the Company or one of its subsidiaries. Any term capitalized but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning
set forth in the Inspired Entertainment, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 

1.
 Grant of Performance Units . In accordance with the terms of the Plan and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this
Agreement, including the time-based service requirements through the scheduled Vesting Date (as defined in Section 2(b) below), the Company
hereby grants to the Participant [NUMBER] Performance Units (each a Unit and collectively, the Units ).
The final number of Units that ultimately may become eligible to vest on the Vesting Date shall be determined by the Compensation Committee
of the Company s Board of Directors (the Committee in accordance with the Threshold Performance Criteria
for the Performance Period set forth in Appendix A hereto (the Performance Condition ), and may range from 0 to
100 of the Units. 

2.
 Vesting of Units . The vesting of Units is contingent on attainment of the Performance Condition for the Performance Period and
the Participant s continued employment through the Vesting Date, except as otherwise provided in Section 5 of this Agreement or
in the Plan. The Committee shall make its determinations with respect to attainment of the Performance Condition following the Performance
Period. 

(a) If
 the Committee determines that the Performance Condition has not been met, all of the Units
 shall be immediately forfeited and terminated. 

(b) Subject
 to Section 5 of this Agreement, if the Committee determines that the Performance Condition
 has been met, the number of Units determined by the Committee in accordance with Appendix
 A shall be eligible to vest (i.e., the restrictions lapse) if the Participant remains in
 employment through December 31, 2024 (the Vesting Date ). 

NOTE :
For the avoidance of doubt, except as provided under Section 5 of this Agreement (e.g., the Participant s death, the Participant s
termination in connection with a Change in Control or pursuant to a specific provision of the Participant s employment agreement)
or the Plan, the Units will only be eligible to vest IF: 1) the Committee determines that the Performance Condition has been met AND
2) the Participant remains employed throughout the period from the Grant Date to the Vesting Date. 

3.
 Settlement of Units. Within thirty (30) days of the Vesting Date, the Company will issue in certificated or uncertificated form
to the Participant a number of shares of the Company s common stock (the Stock corresponding to the number
of Units that vested, less the number, if any, withheld in satisfaction of applicable withholding taxes as discussed in Section 4. In
no event shall the date of settlement be later than two-and-one-half (2 1 / 2 months after the later of (i) the
end of the Company s fiscal year in which the Vesting Date occurs or (ii) the end of the calendar year in which the Vesting Date
occurs. 

4.
 Taxes; Withholding Obligation . 

(a)
The Participant shall be ultimately liable and responsible for all federal, state, local or foreign income or employment taxes owed in
connection with the Units and/or required to be withheld, regardless of any action the Company takes with respect to any tax withholding
obligations that arise in connection with the Units. The Company makes no representation or undertaking regarding the domestic or foreign
tax treatment of the Participant in connection with the grant or vesting of the Units, the issuance of shares of Stock upon settlement
of the Units or the subsequent sale of such shares of Stock. The Company is not committed and is not under any obligation to structure
the Units to reduce or eliminate the Participant s tax liability. 

(b)
As a condition to the Company s delivery of shares of Stock pursuant to Section 3, the Participant shall be required to make appropriate
arrangements for the satisfaction of any applicable domestic or foreign tax or employment or social insurance withholding obligation
which may include tendering to the Company a cash payment equal to the withholding amount due in accordance with procedures adopted from
time to time by the Company. If withholding of taxes and/or social insurance is required at the time of vesting and the Participant has
not made other arrangements satisfactory to the Company, the Company will withhold from any shares deliverable upon the vesting of Units
a number having a Fair Market Value equal to the withholding taxes due. 

5.
 Effect of Termination of Employment/Service . If the Participant ceases to provide employment or other services to the Company
or a subsidiary of the Company for any reason prior to the Vesting Date, the Units shall be automatically and immediately forfeited and
terminated; provided that, if there is a conflict between this provision and the provisions of any employment (or similar) agreement
between the Company (or a subsidiary of the Company) and the Participant in effect at the time of termination, the provisions of such
employment (or similar) agreement shall govern. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event: 

the
 Participant ceases to provide employment or other services due to the Participant s
 death or 

a
 Change in Control occurs AND the Participant s employment or other services are terminated
 by the Company or an Affiliate without Cause within the twelve (12) month period immediately
 following such Change in Control (such that the Participant s Units would otherwise
 be cancelled (e.g., not be retained in accordance with Section 14(g) of the Plan)), 

the
Participant s Units shall vest as of the date of such termination; and, for the avoidance of doubt, the number of Units that vest
shall equal the number specified in Section 1 above if the termination date is during the Performance Period (i.e., the number issuable
for target-level performance) and otherwise shall be determined in accordance with Section 2 above if the termination date is subsequent
to the Performance Period (i.e., the number issuable based on the extent to which the Performance Condition has been attained in accordance
with Appendix A). 

6.
 Clawback . By accepting the award of Units, the Participant agrees that the Company may recover some or all of the shares of Stock
delivered with respect to such award or recoup some or all of the value thereof via offset from other amounts owed by the Participant
to the Company or any of its Affiliates, at any time in the three calendar years following delivery thereof, if and to the extent that
the Committee concludes that (i) U.S. federal or state law, the laws of any other jurisdiction in which the Participant has been employed
by or providing services to the Company during the term of the award, or the listing requirements of any exchange on which the Company s
stock is listed for trading so require, (ii) the performance criteria required for the vesting were not met, or not met to the extent
necessary to support the amount of Units that vested, or (iii) as required by Section 304 of the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Section
954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or otherwise after a restatement of the Company s financial
results as reported to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. By accepting an award hereunder, and by accepting any delivery of
shares of Stock hereunder the Participant agrees to promptly comply with any Company demand for recovery or recoupment hereunder. 

7.
 Transferability of Units . Except as otherwise provided herein, the Participant may not sell, transfer, pledge, assign or otherwise
alienate or hypothecate Units other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution or equivalent laws in the jurisdiction of the
Participant s employment. Any attempt to transfer Units in contravention of this Section 7 is null and void ab initio . 

8.
 Compliance with Securities Laws and other Requirements . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the Company
determines that issuing or distributing shares of Stock would violate applicable securities laws or other legal or regulatory requirements,
the Company will not issue or distribute such shares until such time as distribution of the shares would not violate applicable securities
laws and other requirements. The Committee may declare any provision of this Agreement or action of its own null and void, if it determines
the provision or action fails to comply with the applicable short-swing trading rules under the securities laws. As a condition to issuing
or distributing shares of Stock to the Participant, until such time as such shares have been registered pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the securities laws, or an exemption from such requirements is available, the Company may require the Participant to
make such written representations as it deems necessary or desirable to comply with applicable securities laws. 

9.
 No Limitation on Rights of the Company . The grant of Units does not and will not in any way affect the right or power of the Company
to make adjustments, reclassifications or changes in its capital or business structure, or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate,
sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 

10.
 Plan and Agreement Not a Contract of Employment or Service . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement is a contract of employment or
services, and no terms of the Participant s employment or services agreement shall be affected in any way by the Plan, this Agreement
or related instruments, except to the extent specifically expressed therein. Neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall be construed as
conferring any legal rights on the Participant to continue to be employed or remain in service with the Company or any of its Affiliates,
nor will it interfere with the Company s or any of its Affiliates right to discharge the Participant with or without Cause
or to otherwise deal with the Participant regardless of the existence of the Plan, this Agreement or Units. 

11.
 Participant to Have No Rights as a Stockholder . Before the date as of which the shares of Stock are issued to the Participant,
the Participant will have no rights as a shareholder with respect to those shares. 

12.
 Notice . Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement must be in writing and must be delivered
personally, sent by certified, registered or express mail, or sent by overnight courier, at the sender s expense. Notice shall
be deemed given when delivered personally or, if mailed, three days after the date of deposit in the United States mail or, if sent by
overnight courier, on the regular business day following the date sent. Notice to the Company should be sent to Inspired Entertainment,
Inc., 250 West 57 th Street, Suite 415, New York, NY 10107, Attention: General Counsel. Notice to the Participant should be
sent to the address the Participant has on file with the Company. Either party may change the person and/or address to whom or which
the other party must give notice under this Section 12 by giving such other party written notice of such change, in accordance with the
procedures described above. 

13. Successors . All
obligations of the Company under this Agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of the successor
results from a direct or indirect purchase of all or substantially all of the business of the Company, or a merger, consolidation, or
otherwise. 

14.
 Governing Law . To the extent not preempted by federal law, this Agreement will be construed and enforced in accordance with, and
governed by, the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflicts of law principles that would require the application
of the law of any other jurisdiction. The Company and the Participant hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action
or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the Units and this Agreement shall be brought only in the courts in the State of New
York, County of New York, including the federal courts located therein should federal jurisdiction requirements exist, and (ii) consent
to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the such courts for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with
the Units or this Agreement. 

15.
 Plan Document Controls . The rights granted under this Agreement are in all respects subject to the provisions set forth in the
Plan to the same extent and with the same effect as if set forth fully in this Agreement. If the terms of this Agreement conflict with
the terms of the Plan document, the Plan document will control. 

16.
 Amendment of the Agreement . The Company and the Participant may amend this Agreement only by a written instrument signed by both
parties. 

17.
 Counterparts . The parties may execute this Agreement in one or more counterparts, all of which together shall constitute but one
Agreement. 

18.
 Code Section 409A . The issuance of shares of Stock under this Agreement shall be provided in a manner that complies with Code
Section 409A and any ambiguity herein shall be interpreted so as to be consistent with the intent of this paragraph. In no event whatsoever
shall the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalty that may be imposed on the Participant by Code Section 409A or
damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the Participant is a specified
employee as such term is defined under Code Section 409A at the time of a separation from service and the deferral of the commencement
of any payments or benefits otherwise payable hereunder as a result of such separation from service is necessary in order to prevent
any accelerated recognition of income or additional tax under Code Section 409A, then the Company will defer the issuance of shares of
Stock hereunder (without any reduction therein) until the date that is at least six (6) months following the Participant s separation
from service with the Company or the earliest date permitted under Code Section 409A (e.g., immediately upon the Participant s
death), whereupon the Company will promptly issue to the Participant the shares of Stock that would have otherwise been previously issued
to the Participant under this Agreement during the period in which such issuance was deferred. 

19.
 Data Privacy . The Participant explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use, and transfer, in electronic or other
form, of personal data as described in this Section 19 by and among, as applicable, the Company and its Affiliates for the exclusive
purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Plan and this Agreement. In furtherance of such implementation, administration,
and management, the Company and its Affiliates may hold certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited
to, the Participant s name, home address, telephone number(s), date of birth, social security or insurance number or other identification
number, salary, nationality, job title(s), information regarding any securities of the Company or any of its Affiliates, and details
of this Agreement (the Data ). In addition to transferring the Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose
of implementation, administration, and management of the Plan and this Agreement, the Company and its Affiliates may each transfer the
Data to any third parties assisting the Company in the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan and this Agreement.
Recipients of the Data may be located in the Participant s country or elsewhere, and the Participant s country may have different
data privacy laws and protections. The Participant authorizes such recipients to receive, possess, use, retain, and transfer the Data,
in electronic or other form, for the purposes of assisting the Company in the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan
and this Agreement, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Company
or the Participant may elect to deposit any shares of Stock. The Data related to the Participant will be held as long as is necessary
to implement, administer, and manage the Plan and this Agreement. The Participant may, at any time, view the Data held by the Company
with respect to such Participant, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data with respect to such Participant,
recommend any necessary corrections to the Data with respect to the Participant, or refuse or withdraw the consents herein in writing,
in any case without cost, by contacting the Participant s local human resources representative. The Company may cancel the Participant s
eligibility to participate in the Plan, and in the Committee s discretion, the Participant may forfeit any the Units if the Participant
refuses or withdraws the consents described herein. 

20.
 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and any other documents to be executed to implement its provisions together constitute the entire
agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior and contemporaneous agreements, representations
and understandings of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Participant have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 

INSPIRED
ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title:

[Name] 

Appendix
A 

Performance
Condition Vesting Criteria and Methodology 

Participant: 
 [Name] 
 
 Target
 Number of Units: 
 [#
 of RSUs] 

A. 
 Performance Period 

January
1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 

B. 
 Threshold Performance
 Criteria 

Adjusted
EBITDA (as defined below) excluding any costs associated with the 2022 Management Bonus Plan Adjusted EBITDAB ). 

Performance
 Levels 
 
 Adjusted
 EBITDAB 
 
 Threshold 
 
 [ ]
 million 
 
 Target 
 
 [ ]
 million 
 
 Maximum

[ ]
 million 

C. 
 Unit Calculations Assuming
 Threshold Performance Criteria are Achieved 

Examples 
 
 Payout

Number
 of Units 
 
 Threshold
 Attained 
 
 [ 
 ] million 

[#
 of RSUs] 

[ 
 ] million 

[#
 of RSUs] 
 
 Amounts
Between Threshold and Target 
 
 [ 
 ] million 

[#
 of RSUs] 

[ 
 ] million 

[#
 of RSUs] 

[ 
 ] million 

[#
 of RSUs] 
 
 Target
 Attained 
 
 [ 
 ] million 

[#
 of RSUs] 

[ 
] million 

[#
 of RSUs] 
 
 Amounts
Between Target and Maximum 
 
 [ 
 ] million 

[#
 of RSUs] 

[ 
 ] million 

[#
 of RSUs] 

[ 
 ] million 

[#
 of RSUs] 
 
 Maximum
 Attained 
 
 [ 
] million 

[#
of RSUs] 

Payout
percentage between points will be pro-rated. No amount is paid below Threshold. 

 Units
will be rounded down to the nearest whole share. 

D. 
 Additional Factors or
 Information Regarding Performance Condition Methodology 

Adjusted
EBITDA is defined as net loss [or income] excluding depreciation and amortization, interest expense, interest income and income
tax expense, and other additional specified exclusions and adjustments. Such additional excluded amounts include stock-based compensation,
U.S. GAAP charges where the associated liability is expected to be settled in stock, and changes in the value of earnout liabilities
and income and expenditure in relation to legacy portions of the business (being those portions where trading no longer occurs) including
closed defined benefit pension schemes. Additional adjustments are made for items considered outside the normal course of business, including
(1) restructuring costs, which include charges attributable to employee severance, management changes, restructuring and integration
(2) merger and acquisition costs and (3) gains or losses not in the ordinary course of business. 

Adjusted
EBITDAB , as defined in Section B above (under Threshold Performance Criteria ), will be measured by Adjusted EBITDA
excluding any costs associated with the 2022 Management Bonus Plan. 

Treatment
of an Acquired Business under Adjusted EBITDAB 

To
the extent that the Company makes any acquisitions during 2022, the Adjusted EBITDAB shall include the EBITDAB of any such business that
was acquired (an Acquired Business and shall be reduced by the product of (a) the consideration paid for the Acquired
Business (as measured by its Enterprise Value at purchase), (b) the portion of the year for which the Acquired Business was owned by
the Company (on an Actual/365 basis) and (c) 15 (the Cost of Capital Factor ). The product of (a), (b) and (c) in the preceding
sentence shall be referred to as the Negative EBITDAB Adjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, any one-time expenses attributable
to implementing the acquisition of an Acquired Business, including but not limited to implementing any projected synergies of such acquisition,
shall be excluded from the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA One-Time AB Items ). 

As
a hypothetical example, to the extent the Company acquired a business for an Enterprise Value of 100 million at the close of business
on June 30th (such that the results of the Acquired Business were included in the Company s results beginning July 1st), then the
Negative EBITDAB Adjustment related to the Acquired Business would be equal to: 

(a) 
 100
 million 
 times 

(b) 
 50.41096 
 (184 days/365 days) 
 times 

(c) 
 15 

Yielding

7.5616438
 million 

To
the extent that this hypothetical Acquired Business generated Adjusted EBITDAB of 10 million while under the ownership of the Company
during 2022, then the net Adjusted EBITDAB impact, ignoring any One-Time AB Items, of the Acquired Business (the actual Adjusted EBITDAB
minus the Negative EBITDAB Adjustment) would be 2.4383562 million. 

E. 
 Committee Determinations 

Determinations
as to achievement of Performance Criteria and Unit calculations shall be made by the Committee in its sole discretion following the Performance
Period. The Committee may adjust awards and metrics based on extraordinary or unforeseen events and its determinations shall be binding
and conclusive. 

NOTE :
 Service Vesting Conditions Continue through Vesting Date 

Notwithstanding
a Committee determination that applicable Performance Criteria for the Units have been achieved, the Units shall remain subject to the
time-based service conditions specified in the Agreement through the scheduled Vesting Date (i.e., December 31, 2024). 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 3
 ex10-9.htm

Exhibit 10.9 

Inspired
Entertainment 

Short-Term
Incentive Bonus Plan 

I. 
 PURPOSE 

The
Inspired Entertainment fiscal year 2022 Short-Term Incentive Bonus Plan (the Plan is intended to provide incentives
to certain employees of Inspired Entertainment, Inc., its subsidiaries and its participating affiliates (collectively, the Company to contribute to the success of the Company in its fiscal year commencing January 1, 2022 and ending December 31, 2022 2022 ).
The Plan offers eligible participants an opportunity to earn compensation in addition to their salaries and other incentives, based upon
the performance of the Company and the satisfaction of individual performance targets determined for each eligible participant. 

II. PLAN
 ADMINISTRATION 

The
Plan has been approved by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Committee ),
and the Committee is responsible for administering the Plan. The Committee may delegate, on such terms and conditions as it may determine,
certain authority and powers with respect to administration of the Plan to one or more directors serving on the Committee and/or to one
or more officers or other personnel of the Company (including with respect to the participation of, and awards to, participants who are
not executive officers of the Company). Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee will receive recommendations for 2022 from members
of the Company s Office of the Executive Chairman, or as may be otherwise determined by the Committee, with respect to the operation
and management of the Plan for the year including recommendations for the selection of eligible participants, bonus opportunity levels,
performance criteria, and the amount and timing of any bonus payments. 

III. ELIGIBILITY 

The
executives and other employees eligible for participation in the Plan will be determined by the Committee subject to Section II. Duly
determined participants under the Plan are also referred to herein as Covered Employees . A determination that an
employee is an eligible employee under the Plan with respect to 2022 shall not be determinative as to such employee s eligibility
with respect to any subsequent fiscal year. 

Any
bonus payment made under the Plan shall be purely discretionary and shall not form part of the employee s contractual remuneration. 

An
individual whose employment is terminated for any reason, or who is under notice of termination (whether given by the individual or the
Company), in each case prior to the date on which bonus would otherwise be paid, will not be eligible to receive any payment under the
Plan, notwithstanding any prior determinations made by the Committee. 

If
a person is hired for a position with the Company during 2022 and the position is within the category recommended to be eligible to receive
a bonus under the Plan, that person may be eligible to receive a prorated portion of the annual bonus, as determined by the Committee,
depending on the person s particular position, subject to such other considerations as the Committee may determine. 

IV. BONUS
 POTENTIAL 

The
bonus potential for Covered Employees shall be determined for 2022, including applicable threshold, target and maximum bonus potential
for the year. Bonus potential for 2022 will be based on a percentage of the Covered Employee s base salary as of the beginning
or end of the year, the prorated amount for the year or a fixed dollar amount, each as determined by the Committee. To the extent applicable,
award opportunity levels corresponding to threshold, target and maximum levels of performance may vary by participant. The name and bonus
potential of each Covered Employee will be set forth in a schedule to be approved by the Committee for 2022 (the Bonus Potential
Schedule ). The bonus potential set forth in the Bonus Potential Schedule may, at any time prior to payment of the bonus, be
adjusted to reflect changes in the list of Covered Employees or to the bonus potential for Covered Employees (upward or downward), in
the absolute discretion of the Committee as it deems appropriate, to reflect, without limitation, changes to a Covered Employee s
position, title, or responsibilities, or, as appropriate, to reflect a transformative transaction (as determined by the Board or the
Committee in its sole discretion). 

V. PLAN
 COMPONENTS 

The
performance targets applicable for 2022 have been approved and include Company performance targets. The weighting of the Plan components
will also be established for 2022. 

A. Company
 Performance Targets 

Bonuses
are contingent upon the Company achieving specific Company performance targets as determined by the Committee with respect to each
financial year (the Company Performance Targets ). The following are examples of criteria that could be used to
set Company Performance Targets and are not an exclusive list: (i) revenue; (ii) sales; (iii) profit (net profit, gross profit,
operating profit, economic profit, profit margins or other corporate profit measures); (iv) earnings (which may include any
calculation of earnings, including but not limited to earnings before interest and taxes, earnings before taxes, earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and net earnings); (v) net income (before or after taxes, operating income or other
income measures); (vi) cash (cash flow, cash generation or other cash measures); and (vii) stock price or performance; and (viii)
total stockholder return. As determined by the Committee, the Company Performance Targets may be based on GAAP or non-GAAP results
and any actual results may be adjusted by the Committee for one-time or exceptional items or unbudgeted or unexpected items when
determining whether the performance goals have been met. In certain cases, the Office of the Executive Chairman may recommend to the
Committee that an element of Bonus is a divisional, as opposed to a Company-wide, target. 

The
Office of the Executive Chairman shall recommend to the Committee the applicable Company Performance Targets for 2022. Such recommendations
shall be subject to the review and approval by the Committee. 

B. Individual
 Performance Targets 

Even
if the Company has fully achieved the Company Performance Targets, an individual participant s bonus potential will be subject
to an assessment of the individual s achievement of individual performance targets, as determined by the Committee in its sole
discretion. The following are examples of criteria that could be used to set individual performance targets and are not an exclusive
list: (i) budget management; (ii) cost of service; (iii) quality and service levels; (iv) product line achievements; (v)
leadership/team participation and support and (vi) adherence to and compliance with Company values and behaviors. 

The
Committee may, in its sole discretion and at any time, reduce or eliminate a Covered Employee s award if it determines that such
reduction or elimination is appropriate. 

VI. TRANSFER/PROMOTION/DEMOTION 

If
a Covered Employee is transferred to a new role during 2022, the Committee may, in its discretion, calculate the bonus payment for 2022
based on the base salary the Covered Employee received during the relevant portions of 2022 in each role at the applicable target percentage(s)
for each role. 

If
a Covered Employee becomes ineligible for the Plan due to a transfer or demotion, the Covered Employee may be eligible to receive a prorated
bonus based on the period of participation in the Plan, as determined by the Committee. Any such prorated bonus would be paid at the
same time as other bonus payments under the Plan. 

VII. PAYOUT
 AND TAXATION 

Bonus
payments that are approved by the Committee for 2022 shall be made as soon as administratively practicable after the delivery of the
audit report issued by the Company s independent public accountants with respect to the Company s 2022 consolidated
financial statements, subject to IX below. Further, if the Committee determines (in accordance with Section 409A of the U.S.
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code )) that payment of bonuses would jeopardize the ability of the
Company to continue as a going concern or meet its banking covenants, bonuses may be reduced, eliminated or delayed. 

Payroll
taxes shall be withheld from bonus payments as required by law. Bonus payments that Covered Employees receive are includable as income
in the year in which they are paid. 

VIII. INTEGRATION
 WITH BENEFIT PROGRAMS 

Any
bonus payment that a Covered Employee receives is not intended to be considered compensation for purposes of life assurance, 401(k) or
any other pension scheme, disability, holiday pay or any other benefit plan unless specified by the applicable plan document. 

IX. CONDITIONS
 FOR RECEIVING PAYMENT 

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, a Covered Employee whose employment is terminated for any reason, or who is under notice of termination
(whether given by the individual or the Company) in both cases prior to the date on which bonus would otherwise be paid, shall not be
eligible to receive a bonus payment under the Plan (e.g., a Covered Employee on garden leave on the date of payment will not be eligible
for a bonus). However, the Committee retains the authority in its absolute discretion to make exceptions to the foregoing policy in unusual
or meritorious cases including, but not limited to, approving a prorated bonus in the event of a Covered Employee s death, disability,
call to active military service, or retirement with the written consent of the Company. 

X. CLAWBACK 

By
accepting a bonus payment under the Plan, each Covered Employee agrees that the Company may recover some or all of the amounts paid with
respect to such bonus payment, or recoup some or all of the value thereof via offset from other amounts owed to the Covered Employee
by the Company or an affiliate, at any time during the three fiscal years following payment hereunder, if and to the extent that the
Committee concludes that (i) U.S. federal or state law, the laws of any other jurisdiction in which the Covered Employee has been employed
by the Company during the fiscal year, or the listing requirements of the exchange on which the Company s stock is listed for trading
so require, (ii) the performance criteria required for the bonus payment were not met, or not met to the extent necessary to support
the amount of the bonus payment that was paid, or (iii) as required by Section 304 of the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Section 954
of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or otherwise after a restatement of the Company s financial results
as reported to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Covered Employees are deemed to have agreed to promptly comply with any Company
demand for recovery or recoupment by accepting any payment hereunder. 

XI. LIMITATIONS
 AND/OR ADJUSTMENTS 

The
Company reserves the right to review, amend, suspend, withdraw and/or terminate the Plan, the incentive calculation formulas, performance
targets and all other aspects of the Plan at any time and in its sole and absolute discretion and without prior notice. 

A
Covered Employee s participation in the Plan shall not be construed as a contractual right or form part of his or her contractual
remuneration under a services or employment agreement nor shall it be construed as a promise of continuing employment between the Company
and the Covered Employee. Any bonus payment made in respect of 2021 is not indicative of any payments that may be made in subsequent
fiscal years. Employment with the Company is terminable at will subject to the terms of any written services or employment agreement
between the Company and the Covered Employee and applicable laws. Neither a Covered Employee s employment with the Company, nor
a Covered Employee s employment within any particular category of employees, shall entitle the Covered Employee to either participate
in the Plan or to be eligible to receive any bonus pursuant thereto. All determinations of eligibility and awards under the Plan shall
be made by the Committee in its absolute discretion and may be revised or adjusted in accordance with the Plan. 

The
Plan is intended to comply with the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and shall be operated and interpreted consistent
therewith. To the extent that any provision of the Plan would cause a conflict with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, or
would cause the administration of the Plan to fail to satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, such provision shall be deemed
null and void to the extent permitted by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representation that the
Plan complies with Section 409A of the Code and shall have no liability to any Participant for any failure to comply with Section 409A
of the Code. 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.20>
 4
 ex10-20.htm

Exhibit 10.20 

SEPARATION
AND RELEASE AGREEMENT 

1.
Provided that the undersigned Executive executes this Separation and General Release Agreement (this Agreement no later than January 10, 2023 (the Effective Date ), and Executive does not revoke this Agreement within seven (7)
days following Executive s execution of this Agreement, as provided in Section 10 below and further provided that Executive
complies with section 15 and other provisions of Executive s Employment Agreement (defined herein) regarding return of Company
property and data, Inspired Entertainment, Inc. Inspired will pay to Executive, in addition to any Accrued Benefits
(as defined in Section 16(a)(iv) of Executive s Employment Agreement between the Company and the Executive dated as of December
14, 2016, as amended on December 22, 2017 and later clarified on January 31, 2020 and March 28, 2020 (the Employment Agreement ))
and (x) in the event of a termination by the Company for Convenience, Executive s salary, maximum annual bonus, and other benefits
contractually due to him in respect to the three month notice period pursuant to Section 2b-c of the Employment Agreement or
(y) in the event of termination by Executive for Good Reason, Executive s salary and other contractual benefits during the ninety
(90) days notice period in Section 16(b) of the Employment Agreement, AND whether by Company or Executive, such additional severance
amounts set forth in Section 16(b) of the Employment Agreement, which are set forth in the Schedule to this Agreement, and provide a
mutual release of claims and a non- disparagement covenant. All amounts provided above shall be paid in accordance with the terms of
the Employment Agreement or the equity award agreement, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company agrees to net settlement,
consistent with the 409a provisions of his Employment Agreement, of the special 150,000 RSU grant, which has vested but not settled. 

2.
Except for (a) claims that cannot be waived as provided in Section 3 below, (b) Rights reserved in Section 6 below, (c) any rights
to indemnification (including the advancement of legal fees) or expense reimbursement under the Employment Agreement, any agreement
between Executive and the Company or the charter, bylaws, or other organization document of the Company or pursuant to any
director s and officer s liability insurance policy, in the future or previously in force, (d) any rights Executive may
have to workers compensation benefits or to continued benefits in accordance with the Consolidated Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act of 1985, and (e) any rights Executive has in his capacity as a holder of equity securities of the Company, for
valuable consideration, the adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, Executive, for himself, his spouse, heirs, administrators,
children, representatives, executors, successors, assigns, and all other persons claiming through Executive, if any (collectively,
 Releasers ), does hereby release, waive, and forever discharge Inspired and its subsidiaries, parents,
affiliates, related organizations, and equity holders, and their respective affiliates, employees, officers, directors, attorneys,
successors, and assigns or each of the foregoing (collectively, the Releasees from, and does fully waive any
obligations or liabilities of Releasees to Releasers of any kind and nature that Releasers had, have, or might claim to have against
Releasees at the time Executive executes this Agreement for or in respect of any and all liability, actions, charges, causes of
action, demands, damages, or claims for relief, remuneration, sums of money, accounts or expenses, of any kind, with respect to
Executive s employment (or the termination thereof), under the Employment Agreement (or any successor agreement) and any
action arising in tort including libel, slander, defamation or intentional infliction of emotional distress, and claims under any
federal, state or local statute including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1866 and 1871 (42
U.S.C. 1981), the Equal Pay Act, Employee Retirement Income Security Act, Family and Medical Leave Act, the National Labor
Relations Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, or the
discrimination or employment laws of any state or municipality, and/or any claims under any express or implied contract which
Releasers may claim existed with Releasees. This also includes, without limitation, a release by Executive of any claims for breach
of contract, wrongful discharge and all claims for alleged physical or personal injury, emotional distress relating to or arising
out of Executive s employment with Company or the termination of that employment; and any claims under the WARN Act or any
similar law, which requires, among other things, that advance notice be given of certain work force reductions. This release and
waiver does not apply to any claims or rights that may arise after the date Executive signs this Agreement. 

3.
Excluded from Executive s release and waiver are any claims which cannot be waived by law, including but not limited to the right
to participate in an investigation conducted by certain government agencies. Executive does, however, waive Executive s right to
any monetary recovery should any agency (such as the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission) pursue any claims on Executive s
behalf. Executive represents and warrants that Executive has not filed any complaint, charge, or lawsuit against the Releasees with any
government agency or any court. 

4.
Inspired does hereby release, waive, and forever discharge the Releaser from, and does fully waive any obligations or liabilities of
Releaser to Releasees of any kind and nature that Releasees had, have, or might claim to have against Releasers at the time Executive
executes this Agreement for or in respect of any and all liability, actions, charges, causes of action, demands, damages, or claims for
relief, remuneration, sums of money, accounts or expenses, of any kind, with respect to Executive s employment (or the termination
thereof), under the Employment Agreement (or any successor agreement) and any action arising in tort including libel, slander, defamation
or intentional infliction of emotional distress, and claims under any federal, state or local statute. This also includes, without limitation,
a release by Releasees of any claims for breach of contract, and all claims for alleged physical or personal injury, emotional distress
relating to or arising out of Executive s employment with Company or the termination of that employment. This release and waiver
does not apply to any claims or rights that may arise after the date Executive signs this Agreement. 

5.
Executive, with respect to Inspired and the Released Parties set forth in paragraph 2 above, and Inspired, its executive officers and
directors, with respect to Executive shall not make any statements, orally or in writing, nor take any actions, which in any way could
disparage the other party, or which foreseeably could harm the reputation of the other party, or in any way, directly or indirectly,
could knowingly cause or encourage or condone the making of such statements or the taking of such actions by anyone. The foregoing covenants
shall not be violated by truthful statements in response to legal process, required governmental testimony or filings, or administrative
or arbitral proceedings (including, without limitation, depositions in connection with such proceedings). The Parties further agree that
if asked about the separation, each will state in substance: Executive left the Company as part of the Board s restructuring
of the Office of the Executive Chair. The Company thanked Executive for his service since the formation of the Company and wished him
well. Executive thanked the Company for the opportunity to be part of the Executive Team. 

6.
Each Party does mutually warrant that they have not brought a lawsuit or complaint against the other. For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding
the releases contained herein, the Parties (Executive and Inspired) also specifically reserve the right to enforce in arbitral proceedings
as set forth in the Employment Agreement: i) those provisions of the Employment Agreement that survive termination and ii) this Separation
 Release Agreement; and (iii) additionally reserve the right to bring any action related to fraud or criminality by the other party
presently unknown to either Party. 

7.
The Executive acknowledges and agrees that his duties under Section 15 and Section 16(c) of the Employment Agreement survive termination
of the Employment Agreement and remain enforceable by Inspired against Executive. Executive agrees to return the laptop and ipad provided
to him by Inspired for the performance of his duties under the Employment Agreement as of the date hereof (if he has not already done
so) and Inspired shall work with Executive and/or his designated IT consultant to duplicate and provide copies of Executive s personal
data to Executive, provided, however, that Executive further represents that, except as disclosed in writing to Inspired as of the date
hereof, he has not downloaded any documents or other information from Inspired s service, IT system or the laptop since 10am (ET)
on Friday, January 6th. For avoidance of doubt, Inspired does not release any potential claims to the extent that Executive breaches
his post-termination obligations under the Employment Agreement or the representation set forth in this paragraph 6. 

8.
Executive and the Company hereby acknowledge and agree that Executive s termination of employment shall be effective as of the
Effective Date, and that this date shall serve as the date of termination for all legal purposes. 

9. Executive
acknowledges and recites that: 

(a)
Executive has executed this Agreement knowingly and voluntarily and that he has read and understands this Agreement in its entirety; 

(b)
Executive has been advised and directed orally and in writing (and this subsection (b) constitutes such written direction) to seek legal
counsel and any other advice he wishes with respect to this Agreement before executing it; and 

(c)
Executive is specifically waiving any claims regarding age discrimination, including, without limitation, pursuant to the Age Discrimination
in Employment Act and the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act. 

(d)
Executive s execution of this Agreement has not been forced by any employee or agent of the Company, and Executive has had an opportunity
to negotiate about the terms of this Agreement. 

(e)
Executive has been given at least twenty-one (21) days to consider this Agreement, and if executed prior to the expiration of the twenty-one
(21) day period, such execution is knowing and voluntary. 

(f)
The additional benefits and other promises that Executive is to receive under this Agreement are sufficient consideration for the general
release provided herein. 

10.
This Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws (and not the choice of laws) of the State of New York, except for the application
of pre-emptive Federal law. 

11.
Executive may revoke the general release provided in Section 2 above within seven (7) calendar days after signing it. To be effective,
such revocation must be made in writing to Carys Damon. Revocation can be made by hand delivery, electronic mail, facsimile, or postmarking
before the expiration of this seven (7) day period. 

COMPANY 

INSPIRED ENTERTAINMENT,
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Carys Damon 

Name: 
 Carys Damon 

Title: 
 Authorized Signatory 

Date: 
 10 January 2023 

EXECUTIVE 

/s/
 Daniel B Silvers 

Daniel B Silvers 

Date: 
 1/10/2023 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES 

Entity
 Name 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation 
 
 DMWSL
 633 Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 DMWSL
 632 Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 DMWSL
 631 Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Inspired
 Gaming (USA) Inc. 
 
 U.S.,
 State of Delaware 
 
 Inspired
 Entertainment Lotteries LLC 
 
 U.S.,
 State of Delaware 
 
 Inspired
 Entertainment (Financing) PLC 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Gaming
 Acquisitions Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Inspired
 Gaming Group Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Inspired
 Gaming (Holdings) Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Inspired
 Gaming (International) Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Inspired
 Gaming (UK) Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Inspired
 Gaming Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Leisure
 Link Electronic Entertainment Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Revolution
 Entertainment Systems Holdings Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Revolution
 Entertainment Systems Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 115CR
 (150) Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Inspired
 Gaming Spain S L 
 
 Spain 
 
 Inspired
 Gaming (Gibraltar) Limited 
 
 Gibraltar 
 
 Inspired
 Gaming Pension Trustees Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Inspired
 Gaming (Colombia) Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Inspired
 Gaming (Italy) Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Inspired
 Gaming (Greece) Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Inspired
 Software Development (India) LLP 
 
 India 
 
 Gamestec
 Leisure Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Bell-Fruit
 Group Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Astra
 Games Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Playnation
 Limited 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Inspired
 Entertainment (Malta) Holdings Limited 
 
 Malta 
 
 Inspired
 Entertainment (Malta) Limited 
 
 Malta 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement
of Inspired Entertainment, Inc. on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-210295, 333-222238, 333-226909, 333-231471 and 333-256394) and Form S-3 (File
No. 333-217215, 333-253072 and 333-256175) of our report dated March 16, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial
statements of Inspired Entertainment, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2022 and our report dated March 16, 2023 with respect to our audit of internal control over financial reporting of Inspired
Entertainment, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022, which reports are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inspired
Entertainment, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

Marcum
 llp 

 New
York, NY 

 March
16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
A. Lorne Weil, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inspired Entertainment, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 16, 2023 

/s/
 A. Lorne Weil 

A.
 Lorne Weil 

Executive
 Chairman 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Stewart F.B. Baker, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inspired Entertainment, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 16, 2023 

/s/
 Stewart F.B. Baker 

Stewart
 F.B. Baker 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Inspired Entertainment, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, A. Lorne Weil, Executive Chairman
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated:
 March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 A. Lorne Weil 

A.
 Lorne Weil 

Executive
 Chairman 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Inspired Entertainment,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), I, Stewart F.B. Baker, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
 March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Stewart F.B. Baker 

Stewart
 F.B. Baker 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 inse-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 inse-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 inse-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 inse-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

