<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1422930_0001422930-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11497263</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>470306</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2354218</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3705839</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2532248</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2243839</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001422930-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228161753
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001422930-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PubMatic, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001422930
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				205863224
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39748
		FILM NUMBER:		23685622

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 MARSHALL STREET
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-331-3485

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 MARSHALL STREET
		CITY:			REDWOOD CITY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94063

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PUBMATIC, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140306

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Komli Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001422930-23-000008.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 pubm-20221231.htm
 10-K

pubm-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from________to________ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 Not applicable 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by a check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 o Non-accelerated filer 
 o Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 The aggregate market value of common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, based on the closing sales price for the registrant s Class A common stock, as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market, was approximately million. As of February 24, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Class A common stock outstanding and shares of the registrant s Class B common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Note About Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 Market and Industry Data 
 2 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 3 
 Part I Item 1. Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 18 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 41 
 Item 2. Properties 
 41 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 41 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 42 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 43 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 44 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 59 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 60 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreement with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 92 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 92 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 92 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 92 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 93 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 93 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 93 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 93 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 93 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 94 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 97 
 Signatures 
 98 
 
 i 

Tab le of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements. The words believe, may, will, potentially, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, could, would, project, plan, expect, and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our future financial and operating results; 
 our ability to maintain our growth and profitability; 
 our ability to attract and retain publishers and expand the utilization of our buyers; 
 our ability to maintain a consistent supply of quality advertising inventory; 
 our ability to maintain our competitive technological advantages against competitors in our industry; 
 our expectations concerning the advertising industry, including the impact of macroeconomic conditions, inflation and rising interest rates; 
 our ability to introduce new offerings and bring them to market in a timely manner; 
 our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our brand and intellectual property; 
 our ability to continue to expand internationally; 
 our expectations concerning relationships with third parties; 
 future acquisitions of or investments in complementary companies or technologies; and 
 our ability to comply with evolving legal and industry standards and regulations, particularly concerning data protection and consumer privacy. 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, performance, or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), with the understanding that our actual future results, performance, and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the terms PubMatic, we, us, and our refer to PubMatic, Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries. 
 1 

Tab le of Contents 

 MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA 
 Unless otherwise indicated, information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K concerning our industry and the markets in which we operate is based on information we obtained from industry publications and third-party research, surveys and studies, as well as assumptions that we have made that are based on that data and on our knowledge of the markets for our products and services. This information involves important assumptions and limitations, and are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains our trade names, trademarks, and service marks, including the PubMatic name and logo, and all product names. This Annual Report on Form 10-K may also contain the trade names, trademarks, and service marks of other companies. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names, trademarks, or service marks to imply a relationship with these other companies, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by these other companies. Other trademarks appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective holders. 
 2 

Tab le of Contents 

 SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks described below in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the risks described in the Risk Factors section are material to investors, but other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our revenue and results of operations are highly dependent on the overall demand for advertising. 
 If our existing customers do not expand their usage of our platform, or if we fail to attract new publishers and buyers, our growth will suffer. Moreover, any decrease in the use of the advertising channels that we primarily depend on, or failure to expand into emerging channels, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our results of operations may fluctuate significantly and may not meet our expectations or those of securities analysts and investors. 
 If we fail to make the right investment decisions in our platform, or if we fail to innovate and develop new solutions that are adopted by publishers, we may not attract and retain publishers, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We must scale our platform infrastructure to support anticipated growth and transaction volume. If we fail to do so, we may limit our ability to process ad impressions, and we may lose revenue. 
 The recently-completed acquisition of ConsultMates, Inc (dba Martin presents risks and we must successfully integrate the Martin business to realize the strategic and financial goals that we currently anticipate. 
 Our efforts to offer private marketplace solutions may not be successful, or we may not be able to scale our platform to meet this demand in a timely manner, and, as a result, we may not realize a return from our investments in that area. 
 The rejection of digital advertising by consumers, through opt-in, opt-out or ad-blocking technologies or other means or the restriction on the use of third party-cookies, mobile device identifiers or other tracking technologies, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our business depends on our ability to collect, use, and disclose data to deliver advertisements. Any limitation imposed on our collection, use or disclosure of this data could significantly diminish the value of our solution and cause us to lose publishers, buyers, and revenue. Consumer tools, regulatory restrictions and technological limitations all threaten our ability to use and disclose data. 
 If publishers, buyers, and data providers do not obtain necessary and requisite consents from consumers for us to process their personal data, we could be subject to fines and liability. 
 The digital advertising industry is intensely competitive, and if we do not effectively compete against current and future competitors, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be harmed. 
 Market pressure may reduce our revenue per impression. 
 Seasonal fluctuations or market changes in digital advertising activity could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 If ad formats and digital device types develop in ways that prevent advertisements from being delivered to consumers, our business, results of operations, and financial condition generally, will be adversely affected. 
 If we fail to detect or prevent fraud on our platform, or malware intrusion into the systems or devices of our publishers and their consumers, publishers could lose confidence in our platform, and we could face legal claims. 
 Our success depends on our ability to retain key members of our management team, and on our ability to hire, train, retain, and motivate new employees. 
 We are subject to payment-related risks if demand-side platform DSP buyers dispute or do not pay their invoices, and any decreases in payments or in our overall take rate could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our international operations subject us to additional costs and risks, and our continued international expansion may not be successful. 
 3 

Tab le of Contents 

 Our use and reliance upon technology and development resources in India may expose us to unanticipated costs and liabilities, which could affect our ability to realize cost savings from our operations in India. 
 We depend on third-party data centers, the disruption of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Platform outages or disruptions, including due to cyberattacks or our failure to maintain adequate security and supporting infrastructure, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our software platform could be susceptible to errors, defects, or unintended performance problems that could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our continued business success depends upon our ability to offer high-quality inventory with appropriate viewability capabilities. 
 Future acquisitions or strategic investments could be difficult to identify and integrate, divert the attention of management, and could disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We rely on publishers, buyers, and partners to abide by contractual requirements and relevant laws, rules, and regulations when using our platform, and legal claims or enforcement actions resulting from their actions could expose us to liabilities, damage our reputation, and be costly to defend. 
 We are subject to constantly evolving laws, regulations and industry requirements related to data privacy, data protection, information security, and consumer protection across the markets we operate in. 
 We may be subject to intellectual property rights claims by third parties, which are costly to defend, could require us to pay significant damages and could limit our ability to use technology or intellectual property. 
 If we fail to maintain effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements and other disclosures on a timely basis could be impaired. 
 Insiders have substantial control over our company, including as a result of the dual class structure of our common stock, which could limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters, including the election of directors and the approval of any change of control transaction. 
 Our charter documents and Delaware law could discourage takeover attempts and other corporate governance changes. 
 
 4 

Tab le of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Overview 
 We are an independent technology company seeking to maximize customer value by delivering digital advertising s supply chain of the future. Our sell-side platform empowers the world s leading digital content creators across the open internet to control access to their inventory and increase monetization by enabling marketers to drive return on investment ROI and reach addressable audiences across ad formats and devices. Since 2006, our infrastructure-driven approach has allowed for the efficient processing and utilization of data in real time. By delivering scalable and flexible programmatic innovation, we improve outcomes for our customers while championing a vibrant and transparent digital advertising supply chain. 
 Our specialized cloud infrastructure platform provides superior monetization for publishers by increasing the value of an impression and providing incremental demand through our deep and growing relationships with buyers. We are aligned with our publisher and app developer partners by being independent. We do not own media and therefore do not have a vested interest in driving ad revenue to specific media properties. Our global platform is omnichannel, supporting a wide array of ad formats and digital device types, including mobile app, mobile web, desktop, display, video, over-the-top OTT ), connected television CTV ), and rich media. 
 We generate revenue from publishers primarily through revenue share agreements, generally one-year contracts that renew automatically for successive one-year periods, unless terminated prior to renewal. We primarily work with publishers and app developers who allow us direct access to their ad inventory, as well as select channel partners that meet our quality and scale thresholds. We refer to our publishers, app developers, and channel partners collectively as our publishers. 
 We enter into written service agreements with our demand side platform DSP buyers that allow them to use our platform to buy ad inventory, but we earn revenue from our publishers. Our platform service agreements with DSPs generally have one-year terms that renew automatically for successive one-year periods, unless terminated prior to renewal. We also negotiate Supply Path Optimization SPO agreements with agencies and advertisers that encourage these buyers to spend a higher share of their advertising budgets on our platform. SPO agreements typically have a one-year term and renewal terms are generally discussed one quarter prior to a new term. The effect of these SPO agreements is to increase the volume of ad spend on our platform without corresponding increases in technology costs. 
 Our Industry 
 As the digital advertising ecosystem continues to evolve, some of the key industry trends are: 
 Rapid Proliferation of Digital Media Across Multiple Platforms : Consumers have dramatically increased the amount of time that they spend online and on mobile devices and numerous activities that historically occurred offline continue to shift online. In order to better reach consumers, every major media format has transitioned or is in the process of transitioning content from traditional or analog means of delivery to digital. 
 The Rise of Programmatic Header Bidding : The challenges of scale and the complexity of the digital advertising ecosystem require an automated and efficient approach to purchasing ads online, known as programmatic advertising. Programmatic advertising, on an automated basis, enables buyers, advertisers, and/or their ad agencies, to purchase ad impressions on publisher supplied inventory, including websites, apps, TVs, and various other formats to transact within milliseconds in a sophisticated, technology-driven marketplace. 
 Header bidding, which came to prominence starting in 2016, further increased the complexity of programmatic advertising. Header bidding involves putting software code on a publisher s website or app allowing it to host a single parallel auction with multiple interested parties simultaneously, rather than the earlier process of sequential auctions for that impression. This innovation has fundamentally transformed programmatic advertising by providing buyers with increased transparency and equal access to ad impressions, which results in greater demand for each ad impression and increased publisher revenue. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Massive Volumes of Data and Increased Costs : Header bidding has led to a significant increase in the number of ad impressions that need to be processed and analyzed in real-time by each participant in the digital advertising ecosystem. As consumers increasingly engage with digital media, and as advertisers bid on a growing array of ad formats and impressions, an immense amount of data is generated. The data includes anonymized consumer information about interests and intent, log files of winning and losing advertiser bids, and transaction records for billing and payment reconciliation. Technology infrastructure platforms must rapidly process this data while offering a seamless digital ad experience for consumers. 
 Growing transaction volumes and increasingly complex data processing requirements can lead to rising overall costs for technology vendors. While header bidding increases the number of SSPs processing each ad impression, the underlying number of opportunities to place a personalized ad in front of a consumer does not grow, which creates processing complexity. Similarly, as SSPs process more ad impressions due to header bidding, so must DSPs. Each of these trends created by header bidding can significantly increase costs for technology providers if not properly addressed with superior technology. 
 Ad Spending Consolidating on Fewer Sell Side Platforms : As advertisers increase the percentage of their overall advertising budgets spent on digital formats, they are increasingly demanding improved transparency and control of their entire digital advertising supply chain. Transparency includes understanding what fees are being paid for every ad transaction, to whom the fees are being paid, and what value is being delivered by every fee recipient. In addition, transparency allows the advertiser to know the type of ad inventory being purchased and the content appearing adjacent to the advertiser s ads to avoid purchasing fraudulent or fake inventory or appearing next to content that reflects poorly on the advertiser s brand. This desire for transparency and control has led to a growing trend for advertisers to establish direct relationships with vendors in the digital advertising ecosystem that have transparent business practices and technical capabilities to meet their objectives. This has resulted in a larger portion of media spend consolidating onto fewer, more transparent technology platforms. 
 Protecting Consumer Privacy and Regulatory Challenges : There is an increasing awareness of how Internet user data is being leveraged to target ads, resulting in a growing number of privacy laws and regulations being established globally, including the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR in the European Union, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA and California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA in California, and the Video Privacy Protection Act in the United States. We believe these trends will continue locally and globally. There have also been a growing number of consumer-focused non-profit organizations and commercial entities advocating for privacy rights. These institutions are enabling Internet consumers to assert their rights over the use of their online data in advertising transactions, a trend which we support. 
 The digital advertising landscape must continue to adapt to these trends and incorporate awareness of consumer privacy and compliance with regulatory authorities. For example, publishers, and their downstream supply and demand partners, are required to obtain unambiguous opt-in consent from European Union data subjects to process their personal data. In addition to legal and policy requirements, participants in the digital advertising supply chain were encouraged to agree upon technical specifications to collect and transmit detailed records of consent (or an alternative basis for the processing of personal data) and the purposes of that data processing. This demand resulted in widespread adoption of the Interactive Advertising Bureau (the IAB Transparency Consent Framework 2.0 (the TCF in August 2020. Prior to the TCF, dueling technical standards resulted in industry-wide confusion following adoption of the GDPR. 
 Over the years, Apple has greatly limited the use of third-party cookies within its web browser (Safari s Intelligent Tracking Prevention) and recently announced the decision to make the app-based Identifier for Advertisers (the IDFA opt-in by consumers rather than opt-out. Google is also, along with Apple, leading an active industry dialog to deliver the next wave of privacy compliant advertising solutions. Google announced its intention to limit the use of third-party cookies starting in 2024 in its Chrome web browser, as well as limit the use of alternate user-level tracking technologies and browsing history in its own ad platforms. We believe the Open Internet outside the walled gardens (a colloquial term that refers to closed advertising platforms including Google and Facebook) will shift from targeting by anonymized and invisible third-party cookies or identifiers to known identities based on consumer choice and opt-in. This shift towards significantly more reliable and accurate consumer identity has the potential to significantly increase advertiser ROI and therefore publisher revenue. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Our Role in the Digital Advertising Ecosystem 
 Our platform is a key component of powering the digital advertising ecosystem because of the role we play in meeting the needs of ad sellers and ad buyers. 
 
 Publishers and App Developers. Publishers and app developers create websites and apps that contain content for consumers along with adjacent viewable space for advertisements. As consumers navigate through these websites and apps, individual ad impressions are shown to them. These impressions are typically sold to buyers programmatically in real-time via a third-party technology infrastructure platform or SSP. Publishers and app developers rely on advertising revenue as the key driver for their businesses and rely on the capabilities of these third parties in order to achieve optimal yield for their advertising inventory. 
 We primarily work with publishers and app developers who allow us direct access to their ad inventory, as well as select channel partners that meet our quality and scale thresholds. We have direct relationships with publishers such as Yahoo, formerly Verizon Media Group, and News Corp. and app developers such as Zynga and Electronic Arts. Our channel partners aggregate and provide further access to thousands of sites and apps from smaller publishers. We refer to our publishers, app developers, and channel partners collectively as our publishers. 
 We help monetize valuable impressions for our publisher clients across a wide array of ad formats and digital device types, including mobile app, mobile web, desktop, display, video, OTT/CTV, and rich media. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net increase of approximately 200 publishing partners. As of December 31, 2022, we served approximately 1,650 publishers and app developers, representing over 92,000 individual domains and apps worldwide on our platform across a diverse group of content verticals including news, e-commerce, gaming, media, weather, fashion, technology, and more. 
 Sell Side Platforms. Traditionally referred to as sell side platforms or SSPs, platforms such as ours are designed to monetize inventory for publishers and app developers. Buyers and sellers come together through our marketplace to present, target, and purchase available advertising inventory. Our platform rapidly and efficiently processes significant volumes of ad bid data, providing a seamless digital experience for consumers. Traditionally, SSPs have focused exclusively on the needs of sellers in this process, and have limited their interactions with buyers to the buyer s agent, the demand side platform or DSP. As buyers have sought greater control of their advertising supply chains, we have extended the capabilities of our specialized cloud infrastructure platform over the last several years to serve the needs of advertisers and agencies as well. 
 Demand Side Platforms. Advertisers and agencies often engage demand side platforms, which act as advertising demand aggregators, to execute their digital marketing campaigns across various ad formats. We are integrated with the leading DSPs around the world, such as The Trade Desk and Google DV360, enabling them to execute real-time transactions with our publisher clients. We maintain active integrations with DSPs around the world, some of which are global and omnichannel in nature or more narrowly targeted on specific ad formats or geographic markets. 
 Advertisers and Agencies. Spending begins with advertisers, who often engage advertising agencies to help plan and execute their advertising campaigns. To better control and optimize their advertising operations, advertisers and agencies are consolidating their spend with fewer, larger technology platforms who can deliver transparency and ensure the highest levels of inventory quality and control. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 We have entered into agreements with all of the major agency holding companies and some of the largest advertisers in the world and believe this will continue to drive more ad spend to our platform. These advertisers and agencies access our platform through DSPs. We believe our purpose-built technology platform and direct relationships with advertisers and agencies will lead to significant consolidation of spend onto our platform. 
 Buyers on our platform include DSPs, agencies and individual advertisers. We have broad exposure to the ecosystem of buyers, reaching on average approximately 75,000 advertisers per month in 2022. As spending on programmatic advertising increasingly becomes a larger share of overall ad spending, advertisers and agencies are seeking greater control of their digital advertising supply chains. To take advantage of this industry shift, we have entered into SPO agreements directly with buyers. As a result of these direct relationships, our existing advertisers and agencies are incentivized to allocate an increasing percentage of their advertising budgets to our platform. 
 Two of our largest DSP relationships are with Google and The Trade Desk. We are party to an agreement with Google LLC, under which Google is a buyer on our platform. The initial one-year term of the current agreement ended in May 2019, and it automatically renews for successive one-year terms unless either party provides written notice at least 60 days prior to the end of the initial term or such successive terms. Either party may terminate for convenience upon providing at least 30 days prior written notice. We signed a prior similar agreement with a Google subsidiary in 2012. We are also party to an agreement with The Trade Desk, Inc., under which The Trade Desk is a buyer on our platform. The initial term of the agreement ended in November 2013, and it automatically renews for successive one-year terms. Either party may terminate for convenience upon providing at least 30 days prior written notice. 
 Our Specialized Cloud Infrastructure Platform 
 Our specialized cloud infrastructure enables real-time programmatic advertising transactions in a market characterized by significant data and impression volumes, regulatory complexity, and increased focus on transparency and privacy. We have built, enhanced and deployed our technology infrastructure to address these market conditions and provide superior outcomes for both publishers and buyers. We have deployed our purpose-built infrastructure globally in order to serve our customers with the high-speed transaction capabilities required to provide a seamless digital ad experience for consumers. Our offering is omnichannel and targets a diverse set of publishers touching many ad formats, and digital device types, including mobile app, mobile web, desktop, display, video, OTT/CTV, and rich media. 
 We believe that our specialized cloud infrastructure provides a number of advantages: 
 Real-time Ad Transaction Processing : Our specialized cloud infrastructure is designed for the rapid and efficient processing of real-time, programmatic ad transactions and the aggregation and analysis of the significant data accompanying each transaction. We power our cloud platform by proprietary software deployed on PubMatic-owned and operated hardware close to our customers around the world. Our technology platform processes each potential ad in a fraction of a second to optimize the consumer ad experience. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our platform efficiently processed approximately 159.1 trillion ad impressions, up 72 from approximately 92.2 trillion ad impressions in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Sophisticated, Purpose-built Technology that Delivers Superior Outcomes : Since our founding, we have believed that data-driven decisions would be the future of advertising and have accordingly invested in developing our machine learning capabilities. By harnessing our massive data assets and advanced machine learning capabilities, we are able to deliver superior outcomes by increasing advertiser ROI and publisher revenue, while increasing the cost efficiency of our platform and our customers and partners businesses. 
 Transparency and Quality: We operate on a fundamental principle of transparency, being one of the first digital advertising infrastructure platforms to provide log-level data to buyers and provide transparency on every ad impression. In addition, advertisers utilizing our cloud infrastructure have full control over which publishers, ad formats, and specific ad impressions on which they would like to bid. We are among the first to offer a fraud-free program in 2017 where buyers are credited for any fraudulent inventory they may have purchased on our platform. 
 Enabling Identity on the Open Internet: As advertising in the Open Internet shifts from targeting by anonymized and invisible third-party cookies that consumers must opt out of, and instead towards known first-party identity based on consumer choice and opt-in or other privacy compliant solutions, publishers and advertisers must transition to a new identity paradigm. While there are various constituents across the digital advertising industry creating new identity solutions, we have built a comprehensive platform that greatly simplifies the implementation and ongoing management of identity solution providers. Our solution allows for the use of many of the leading identifiers in a scaled and privacy-compliant fashion resulting in increased publisher revenue and buyer ROI. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Scalable, Self-service Platform : Our cloud infrastructure solutions are available via self-serve, including an easy-to-use customer user interface and a set of application programming interfaces that allow our publisher customers to configure new inventory, extend into new geographies or ad formats, review reporting insights, and manage and track payments and billing cycles. Our platform also assists with managing the increasingly complex compliance burdens brought on by new industry guidelines and government regulations. We provide the tools and the mechanisms to help enable publisher inventory to be in compliance with these norms and requirements, maintaining strong data minimization practices, and allocating responsibility for data flows and legal compliance in agreements with vendors, publishers, and buyers. 
 Our Strengths 
 Publishers are actively seeking to maximize the value of their ad inventory, and buyers are seeking to increase advertising ROI. We believe that our specialized cloud infrastructure, rapid innovation, and transparent business model provide incentives to ad buyers to consolidate an increasing share of their total digital spend on our platform. At the same time, our direct publisher relationships, omnichannel header bidding capabilities, global scale, and access to incremental advertiser demand through direct relationships with buyers drive superior yield for publishers. 
 We believe the following strengths provide us with long-term competitive advantages: 
 Investment in Innovation : Our business model driven by our technology platform, owned infrastructure, and offshore research and development has enabled us to continuously invest in driving innovation, while delivering both top line revenue growth and profitability. 
 Flexible Platform and Culture of Rapid Innovation : We built our company and our technology platform to be highly dynamic and to support rapid innovation. Our product and development teams are focused on continuous innovation and enhancement of our products and solutions. We believe that the flexibility of our platform and responsiveness to evolving customer needs and technical requirements enables us to achieve superior outcomes for our customers. Since our founding, we have invested significantly in a software ideation, development, build, test, and deployment process that allows us to routinely convert a requirement into working software within two weeks or less. Our platform is highly modular, which allows us to innovate and improve individual software components without affecting the rest of the platform. We utilize a microservices architecture to interconnect each module via application programming interfaces with defined interfaces for internal and external consumption. We focus on reliability and scalability of each individual module and across our platform to maximize uptime and scale up based on customer demand. In 2022, we released new software across our global infrastructure approximately 90 times. The result of our flexible platform and culture of rapid innovation is that we are highly responsive to evolving customer needs, which we believe is important in a rapidly evolving digital advertising industry. 
 Highly Efficient Infrastructure : As a result of our long-term, internal development efforts on our technology stack and strategic approach of owning our own hardware, we believe that we have among the lowest cost infrastructures of any specialized cloud infrastructure platform in the advertising market. We own and operate our proprietary software and hardware infrastructure around the world. This approach saves significant costs compared to companies that rely on public cloud alternatives due to the data-intensive nature of digital advertising and the immense volume of ad impressions created by header bidding. As a result, our cost of revenue per impression processed decreased by 19 in 2022 compared to 2021, and decreased by 28 in 2021 compared to 2020. Even as we grow the applicability of our cloud infrastructure to include more ad formats and devices, such as mobile, video, and now OTT/CTV, we have maintained strong capital efficiency as measured by revenue per dollar of capital expenditures. The efficiency of our infrastructure has enabled us to grow our access to first-party data, which generally refers to customer owned audience data, ad impression and bid request data, and advertiser bid response data, further driving superior results across our platform for buyers and sellers. 
 Machine Learning and Data Processing : We leverage our artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities to record, aggregate, analyze, and act on vast amounts of data to help our customers optimize their digital advertising businesses in real-time. In December 2022, our technology platform processed approximately 524 billion ad impressions and 7.4 petabytes of data every day. This data includes first party customer owned audience data, ad impression and bid request data, and advertiser bid response data. We flow all of this data through our machine learning platform in order to run thousands of algorithmic iterations on trillions of data points per month. These capabilities improves long term marketplace liquidity resulting in increased publisher revenue and higher advertiser ROI. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Customer Trust and Alignment : We are aligned with both publishers and buyers, by being an independent and transparent infrastructure provider. We do not own media and therefore do not have a vested interest in driving ad revenue to specific media properties. We do not take a position in media or arbitrage media. We operate with a fundamental principle of transparency and provide detailed insights into fees to our customers. Our customers can therefore be confident that our algorithmic software decisions and our guidance are independent and in their best interests. Our trusted status has enabled us to build direct relationships with publishers, advertisers, agencies, and DSPs. Our ability to meet the demands of both buyers and inventory sellers enables us to produce superior outcomes for all industry participants. 
 Global, Omnichannel Reach : We are a global business with distributed critical infrastructure and a go-to-market presence in every major advertising market in the world outside of China. Many of our publisher customers have diversified businesses with media properties and audiences across the globe and with a wide variety of ad products including display and video ads across desktop, tablet, mobile, and connected TV devices. Similarly, many of our advertiser and agency customers have brand portfolios that span the globe with a variety of ad campaign requirements from branding to performance, to combinations thereof. All of these parties actively seek global, omnichannel platform providers that can solve for their needs around the world and across ad formats and devices. By providing global, omnichannel reach of our infrastructure, we are well positioned to help publishers and ad buyers make their advertising businesses more efficient and effective. 
 Growth Strategy 
 We believe we are positioned to benefit from tailwinds in the advertising industry, including the rapid proliferation of digital media, the need for purpose-built infrastructure to address the increasing complexity in the digital advertising landscape, and increasing consumer time spent online. Our growth strategy includes: 
 Attract New Publishers and Expand our Relationship with Existing Publishers : We constantly seek to acquire new high-quality publishers around the world. New publishers may include major media companies, app developers, e-commerce providers, and OTT platforms any company that monetizes its audience through digital advertising. Once acquired, we seek to expand our relationship with existing publishers by leveraging our omnichannel capabilities to maximize our access to publishers ad formats and devices. We have demonstrated that we can retain our publisher customers, as evidenced by our net dollar-based retention rates of 108 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 149 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Attract New Buyers and Expand our Relationship with Existing Buyers : We seek to acquire new buyers (including advertisers, agencies and DSPs) through our strong value proposition. We work with DSPs to help them reduce their costs and improve advertiser ROI. As advertisers and agencies increasingly consolidate their spending with fewer larger technology platforms, we seek to increase the proportion of their digital ad spending on our platform through direct relationships. We have entered into SPO agreements directly with both advertisers and agencies through various arrangements ranging from custom data and workflow integrations, product features, and volume-based business terms. The effect of these SPO agreements is to increase the volume of ad spend on our platform without corresponding increases in technology costs. 
 Efficiently Expand Our Infrastructure Platform to Process More Ad Impressions : We have a track record of cost-effectively expanding the capacity of our infrastructure platform as exemplified by average daily ad impressions having increased approximately 440 over the three year period ended December 31, 2022, while the corresponding costs related to processing these impressions have increased approximately 130 . We expect to continue to invest in both software and hardware infrastructure to continue growing the number of valuable ad impressions we process on our platform. 
 Improve Liquidity in Our Marketplace : We strive to continuously improve publisher revenue and advertiser ROI by investing in our technology and improving our machine learning capabilities. We leverage our artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities, alongside our growing publisher and buyer relationships, to improve liquidity in our marketplace. Increasing numbers of ad impressions, increasing advertiser bids, and data proliferation provide us with many opportunities to better match sellers and buyers of ad inventory. We believe that improved matching will lead to growth of our platform and greater publisher and buyer retention. 
 Develop New Products : As we grow our customer base and process increasing volumes of ad impressions and data, we gain insights into new challenges we can solve on behalf of our customers. We are constantly focused on creating new products that we believe solve our customers needs. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Expand Into New Ad Formats: We have demonstrated an ability to extend header bidding into a variety of ad formats initially desktop display, then mobile web, mobile app, digital video, and most recently with OTT/CTV. As technology and media evolve, additional ad formats may become attractive to us whether existing in the ecosystem today or entirely new. These may include audio/podcast ads, native ads and digital out of home ads. Each ad format represents an opportunity to further extend our cloud infrastructure, increase our platform utilization, and acquire new customers or expand our relationship with existing customers. 
 Expand into New Geographies: We decide to enter new advertising markets around the world based on size, growth rate, and other characteristics. We are constantly evaluating new markets with a strategy to use our existing global infrastructure and adjacent sales office, or by expanding our infrastructure footprint and placing personnel directly in those markets. 
 Our Technology 
 Overview 
 We have designed our technology to efficiently process real-time advertising transactions while leveraging data to optimize outcomes for publishers and buyers. We own and operate our software and hardware infrastructure globally, which saves significant infrastructure expenditures as compared to public cloud alternatives. We designed our platform using a flexible, service-oriented architecture in order to facilitate rapid development of new solutions, to meet evolving industry demands, and to support new use cases and new ad formats. Our agile development process and flexible, service-oriented architecture empower our development teams to routinely convert a requirement into working software within a typical time frame of two weeks or less. Our omnichannel platform supports a wide array of publishers, ad formats and devices, including mobile app, mobile web, desktop, display, video, OTT/CTV, and rich media. 
 We offer our solution as a complete, unified offering for publishers who want a simple, efficient and comprehensive solution. We also offer modular access to our platform via rich application programming interfaces and a mobile SDK, for publishers who wish to integrate with or extend the platform, or develop new business models and custom advertising solutions. 
 Data 
 Among the central benefits of our software platform is the processing, management and analysis of valuable data assets. The hundreds of billions of ad impressions and trillion advertiser bids that we process every day generate enormous volumes of data that we harness to drive higher revenue for our publishers and increased ROI for our buyers. This data includes: 
 Ad impression and bid data, which contain parameters such as page URL or app bundle ID, location of the user, operating system of the user s device, device type, ad size and ad location on the page; 
 First party customer owned audience data, such as segment data that specifies whether a consumer is a recent shopper for electronics or automobiles; and 
 Advertiser bid response data, which is bidding data received from DSPs, agencies, and advertisers. 
 We have developed proprietary data and analytics offerings that allow publishers to monitor their ad business in near real-time, as well as advanced tools publishers can use to find new business opportunities, optimize their monetization strategy, and help maximize the value of their digital ad business. This data is also used by our machine learning algorithms to enhance our bidding and auctioning process by analyzing large datasets and applying algorithms to drive optimal results. 
 Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning 
 We analyze the data on our platform through extensive application of artificial intelligence technologies, including machine learning and natural language processing. Examples of how we leverage our artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities to improve outcomes for our customers are: 
 Identify valuable ad impressions and predict auction behavior: When our machine learning models predict that an impression will attract high bids, our algorithms adjust pricing guidance to bidders in real time, which can lead to significant inventory yield improvements for publishers and higher win rates for ad buyers. 
 Optimize impression selection: Our ability to accurately predict and monetize high value impressions allows us to operate more efficiently, due to the fact that the cost of processing low-value impressions and high-value impressions are approximately the same. Our algorithms, such as impression throttling, deploy a variety of levers to optimize traffic sent to DSPs, agencies, and advertisers. 
 Improve our self-service capabilities : Publishers can enter natural language queries, such as Show me average CPM for yesterday and the analytics system will generate charts and tables with relevant data for rapid and informative analysis. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Programmatic Header Bidding 
 We are a leading provider of technology solutions that enable and improve header bidding for our customers. We developed an enterprise wrapper, OpenWrap, that was among the first header bidding solutions launched for general availability. OpenWrap was released in April 2016 and enables publishers to holistically manage and configure all header bidding partners through a powerful, synchronized and intuitive user interface. OpenWrap provides a transparent, real-time view into bid activity and volume, monetization and latency metrics which allow publishers to make smarter decisions and drive sustainable monetization. Our cloud infrastructure is interoperable with the other major header bidding software frameworks including open source Prebid, Google s Open Bidding, Amazon s Transparent Ad Marketplace, and others. We believe we are thought leaders in the header bidding space and are represented on the boards of Prebid and the IAB Tech Lab. 
 Regulatory Compliance 
 A growing set of privacy regulations have introduced complexity regarding the collection, use, and transmission of consumer data to the digital advertising ecosystem. Most notably, the GDPR that took effect in May 2018, the CCPA that took effect in January 2020 and CRPA that took effect in January 2023, among other global privacy laws and regulations, have created a compliance burden for advertisers, publishers, and their partners to navigate. The advertising industry has developed a number of the technical and policy solutions to create standards for compliance, such as IAB TCF. 
 We have implemented a number of technology innovations, process enhancements, and industry solutions in response to our publishers increased obligations. Through the TCF and other frameworks, we can identify and pass user consent parameters, and opt-in or opt-out as applicable, in a bid request. We are also able to evaluate whether such consents apply to our various demand partners, such as DSPs and agencies. Some of the specific measures we have taken include: 
 User Consent. Working with publishers and channel partners to ensure appropriate consent is being obtained, recorded, and transmitted as applicable. 
 Data Mapping . Undertaking data mapping exercises for the purpose of understanding data flows in how we collect, use, and transmit personal information from our publishers, buyers, and data providers. 
 Data Minimization . Establishing mechanisms to collect only the data that is needed and pseudonymizing data wherever possible (including masking IP address or geolocation data as applicable). 
 Data Retention . Implementing a short data retention period across our technology platform so that we promptly delete, aggregate, or anonymize consumer data. 
 Publisher and Demand Side Agreements. Monitoring and updating our agreements with publishers, DSPs, agencies, and advertisers, as applicable, to address privacy and regulatory compliance. 
 Inventory Quality 
 The quality of the inventory made available to advertisers has a significant impact on their ROI. Bad actors promoting botnets, fake ads, ad stuffing and other malignant methodologies reduce the ROI for advertisers and siphon dollars away from quality publishers. We have developed a multi-pronged strategy to create a high-quality marketplace beginning with high quality publisher selection, supported by proprietary and third-party fraud detection software, manual review, timely fraud investigations, and a fraud-free program in which buyers are credited for any fraudulent inventory they may have purchased on our platform. 
 Ad Quality 
 Ad quality refers to the quality of the advertisements that run on publishers sites. We have developed proprietary solutions targeting the reduction of security issues, including malware, redirects, unsafe code, and other similar practices; quality issues, including unsafe creative categories (such as alcohol or drugs) and creative attributes (Inbanner video, Expandables, Text Ads); and performance issues, including network load, number of trackers and memory size. On an average day, we scan over one million new advertisement creatives in near real-time using our Real-Time Ad Scanning RTAS system. RTAS connects to proprietary technology and partners services to extract the nature of creatives. Publishers can configure their preferences for quality attributes using our blocklist manager, creative attribute selection, and keyword blocking. A comprehensive reporting suite is available for publishers to monitor the top performing creatives and review the lost opportunity due to excessive blocking. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Log-level Transparency and Insights 
 We enable buyers to gain additional transparency and insights to help them inform future ad buying and optimize their supply paths by providing them access to log-level data, which is comprised of various attributes that are relevant to a single ad impression within an auction. Log-level data provides buyers transaction verification data, or how the auction operates and what fees are being charged. 
 Reporting 
 Our technology platform provides extensive reporting capabilities to both buyers and publishers via application programming interfaces for direct integration into a customer s reporting systems. Publishers are able to review performance, monitor key performance indicators KPIs ), and make adjustments to their set up and optimization. Buyers have access to campaign insight data to facilitate testing and adaptation toward maximizing ROI. Detailed performance by ad format, channels, and ad sizes allows for optimization to achieve maximum performance. 
 Self-Service 
 We design and implement self-service workflow solutions to allow publishers to efficiently manage their ad inventory. For example, publishers can update their own price floors, add or remove advertisers from blocklists, add new web sites and mobile apps, manage optimize their header bidding set ups, and leverage identity graphs from multiple ID providers. Ad buyers can configure the attributes for the inventory they desire, setup new or adjust existing private marketplace deals, and access extensive reporting on their media buying activities with us. 
 Our Team and Culture 
 Our culture and our team are our most important asset in building and expanding our business. Our team identifies new problems to solve, builds solutions, optimizes and extends our infrastructure, and acquires and serves customers. We believe that strong and diverse customer teams deepen customer relationships, promote innovation, and increase productivity. 
 Our people strategy revolves around creating employee experiences that foster deep employee engagement built upon personal development and achievement that is supported by continuous feedback, learning, and team building. Our workplaces in the United States have been certified by Great Place To Work (2017-2022) and recognized on Fortune s list of Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2020 and 2022. Our India subsidiary has also been certified by Great Place To Work (2018-2022) as well as named to the list of Great Mid-size Workplaces and Best Workplaces in IT IT-BPM in 2019 and 2021. Recognized to the Great Place To Work list of Asia s best workplaces in 2021. Our UK subsidiary has been certified by Great Place to Work (2020-2022) and recognized with an Excellence in Wellbeing certification in 2020-2021 and our Germany subsidiary has been certified by Great Place to Work (2022). 
 We have achieved these results by delivering custom learning programs and creating opportunities for advancement that align with the dynamic needs of our business. Our practice of open and transparent communication coupled with a performance-based approach to compensation has created a culture in which employees feel empowered in their ability to influence and impact our business and be rewarded for their efforts. The value proposition we offer to our employees is rounded out with strong benefits programs that include paid family leave, health and wellness benefits and company sponsored opportunities to give back to the communities in which they work and live. 
 We are also committed to being inclusive in our hiring practices, promotion practices, and management practices as a means of ensuring equal opportunity for all employees as we continue to diversify our workforce. The diversity of our workforce has been publicly documented since 2017 with our annual Diversity Inclusion Report. Our Inclusion Action Plan consists of five areas that focus on listening, learning, hiring, socio-economic support, and activism. This plan will be executed in part by our newly established Diversity Inclusion Committee. The plan has a global focus that takes into consideration regional cultural differences to provide interactive employee experiences that drive continuous support for inclusion throughout our organization. 
 It has always been our goal to attract and retain the best talent in the industry and our inclusive interview process includes finding those candidates that best add to our company mission, values, and cultural principles. These three guiding elements form a social contract between employees as well as set expectations for the common behaviors we can expect from each other and inform how we treat our customers. They are infused in every aspect of our business, from employee experience and workplace culture to marketing strategies and customers success. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Our mission: fuel the endless potential of Internet content creators. 
 Values: 
 We put the customer first. 
 We are biased towards action. 
 We are leaders and innovators. 
 We are committed to integrity. 
 We celebrate teamwork. 
 Cultural Principles : 
 We will empower every individual team member and treat each other as partners. 
 We will make having fun a priority. 
 We will hire and retain the best talent. 
 We will communicate internally with honesty, transparency, and authenticity, including positive and negative information. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 875 employees, of whom 275 were located in the United States, 481 in India, and 119 in our other offices around the world. 
 Technology and Development 
 We expect to continue investing in our technology in order to support efficient and effective ad monetization, which includes maximizing the yield from existing ad impressions and productively adding new ad impressions processed on our platform. We also intend to continue developing innovative capabilities for our customers. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 407 employees engaged in technology and development. 
 Our Competition 
 The digital advertising ecosystem is competitive and complex due to a variety of factors. While programmatic header bidding has enabled the purchasing and selling of vast amounts of digital advertising inventory, there now exist significant challenges related to the proliferation of media across platforms, transaction speed, increased costs, transparency, and regulatory requirements. To address these issues at scale for both publishers and buyers, we provide specialized software and hardware infrastructure to optimally power technology-driven transactions. We compete with SSPs like Magnite, smaller private SSPs in markets around the world, as well as divisions of larger companies like Google. 
 While there is direct competition, our cloud infrastructure is interoperable with the major header bidding software frameworks including open source Prebid, Google s Open Bidding, Amazon s Transparent Ad Marketplace, and others. As a result, we are able to gain access to competitors ad impressions. 
 We have also demonstrated an ability to extend our header bidding infrastructure into a variety of higher-growth ad formats such as mobile web, mobile app, digital video, and most recently OTT/CTV. 
 We believe that our specialized cloud infrastructure enables us to compete favorably on the factors described above. In addition, we believe that new market entrants would find it difficult to gain direct access to publishers and ad buyers given their limited scale and would face significant costs to integrate with publishers and ad buyers and comply with growing regulatory requirements around the world. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We primarily deploy a self-service model and focus our sales and marketing efforts on supporting, advising, and training our publishers to optimize their usage of our platform. We employ a nimble in-market sales team with expertise in programmatic advertising to attract premium publishers to our platform. We have dedicated teams focused on new publisher acquisition and existing publisher relationship management. New publishers on our platform work closely with our Customer Success team, which handles on-boarding and providing support throughout the publisher relationship life cycle. Our Customer Success team is organized and specialized by type of ad format and device and is trained to both maximize the number of integrations with each publisher, and deploy our value added solutions that we provide. Similarly, we have teams focused on new business acquisition and existing partner retention and expansion for advertisers, agencies, and DSPs. These teams focus on onboarding new partners and increasing spend across a variety of ad formats, devices, and geographies. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Our marketing team is focused on achieving thought leadership, educating customers on how to harness programmatic advertising to improve their business, guiding buyers on how to maximize ROI via the PubMatic cloud infrastructure, supporting our sales team, generating new leads and increasing awareness for our brand. 
 Intellectual Property 
 The protection of our technology and intellectual property is an important component of our success. We protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal and state statutory and common law rights, foreign laws where applicable, and contractual restrictions. We seek to control access to our proprietary technology by entering into non-disclosure agreements with third parties and disclosure and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors. 
 We consider our trademarks, patents, copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights to be, in the aggregate, material to our business. We currently own two issued U.S. patents, expiring in 2034, relating to online advertising and auction techniques. We also own one issued Japanese patent. We also own trademark registrations and applications for the PubMatic name and variants thereof and other product-related marks in the United States and certain foreign countries. We have also registered numerous Internet domain names related to our business. We believe our platform would be difficult, time consuming, and costly to replicate. 
 We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost effective. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, they may not be respected in the future or may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. In addition, the laws of various foreign countries where our products are distributed may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as laws in the United States. 
 Privacy and Data 
 We are subject to laws and regulations governing privacy and the transmission, collection, and use of personal data. Interest-based advertising, or the use of data to draw inferences about a consumer s interests and deliver relevant advertising to that consumer, has come under increasing scrutiny by legislative, regulatory, and self-regulatory bodies, privacy advocates, academics, and commercial interests in the United States and abroad that focus on data protection and consumer privacy. In particular, much of this scrutiny has focused on the use of cookies and other tracking technologies that collect or aggregate information about consumers online browsing and mobile app usage activity. Because both our company and our publishers rely upon large volumes of such data collected primarily through cookies and other tracking technologies, it is essential that we monitor legal requirements and other developments in this area, domestically and globally, maintain a robust privacy and security compliance program, and engage in responsible privacy practices, including providing consumers with notice of the types of data we collect, how we collect it, with whom we share it, how we use that data to provide our solutions, and the applicable choices we offer consumers. 
 We provide notice through our privacy policies and notices, which can be found on our website at www.pubmatic.com. As stated in our privacy policy, we do not collect information, such as names, addresses or telephone phone numbers, for providing our advertising services that can be used directly to reveal the identity of the underlying individual. We take steps not to collect and store such information (although on occasion, our publishers voluntarily share information of their consumers with us and in such circumstances, we require the publishers to have obtained all necessary consents for such sharing). Our advertising and reporting rely on information that does not, on its own, directly reveal the identity of the underlying individuals (and we do not attempt to associate this information with other information that can identify such individuals). We typically do collect and store IP addresses, geo-location information, and device identifiers that are considered personal data or personal information under the privacy laws of some jurisdictions or otherwise may be the subject of current or future data privacy legislation or regulation. The definition of personally identifiable information, personal information, or personal data, varies by jurisdiction and continues to evolve in ways that may require us to adapt our practices to avoid violating laws or regulations related to the collection, storage, and use of consumer data. As a result, our technology platform and business practices must be assessed regularly against a continuously evolving legal and regulatory landscape, and we have adopted strong data minimization practices that mitigate our compliance risks. 
 There are also a number of specific laws and regulations governing the collection and use of certain types of consumer data relevant to our business. For example, the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act COPPA imposes restrictions on the collection and use of data provided by children under the age of 13 by child-directed websites or online services, such as apps, directed to children or any website if the collection of such data is known to the website or app operator. We have taken various steps to implement a system in which our publishers are contractually obligated to either flag or notify us in writing of child-directed websites. When websites are flagged, or we receive notice of such websites, we do not collect personal information, as defined by COPPA, including cookie identifiers that can recognize the same consumer across multiple sites over time, or location information more specific than street and city, on such websites or online services. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, our compliance with our privacy policy and our general consumer data privacy and security practices are subject to review by the Federal Trade Commission, which may bring enforcement actions to challenge allegedly unfair and deceptive trade practices, including the violation of privacy policies and representations or material omissions therein. 
 Certain State Attorneys General in the United States may also bring enforcement actions based on comparable state laws or federal laws that permit state-level enforcement. In California, for example, the Attorney General may bring enforcement actions for violations of the CCPA, as modified by the Attorney General s recently approved enforcement guidelines. We have registered as a data broker in California with the California Attorney General. When we receive bid requests that include an opt-out signal, we do not sell personal information, as defined by the CCPA. We have also adopted the IAB CCPA Compliance Framework, which includes a technical specification to identify consumer signals to opt-out of sale of their data, and have signed the IAB Limited Service Provider Agreement that imposes service provider obligations for certain opted-out bid requests. These IAB frameworks are designed to facilitate compliance with the CCPA although the California Attorney General s office has not yet approved such frameworks. The CCPA and CPRA set forth high potential liabilities for data privacy violations on a per-record basis, and the industry faces an uncertain compliance burden as our partners and publishers work to become compliant with the law. Adding further complexity in California, the CPRA imposed additional data protection obligations on companies doing business in California, including additional consumer rights processes and opt-outs for certain uses of sensitive data and sharing of personal data. Likewise, Virginia enacted the Consumer Data Protection Act CDPA ), Connecticut enacted the Connecticut Data Privacy Act CTDPA ), Colorado enacted the Colorado Privacy Act CPA ), and Utah enacted the Utah Consumer Privacy Act UCPA ), which impose consumer rights processes and requires user consent for certain types of sensitive data. These laws also sets forth high potential liabilities for data privacy violations on a per-record basis, and the industry faces an uncertain compliance burden as our partners and publishers work to become compliant with these laws in the future. 
 Outside of the United States, our privacy and data practices are subject to regulation by data protection authorities and other regulators in the countries in which we do business. The use and transfer of personal data in member states of the European Union is currently governed under the GDPR, which grants additional rights to consumers about their data, such as deletion and portability, and generally prohibits the transfer of personal data of EU subjects outside of the EU, unless the party exporting the data from the EU implements a compliance mechanism designed to ensure that the receiving party will adequately protect such data. We had relied on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework (Privacy Shield framework), to transfer personal data of EU subjects to the United States, but the Privacy Shield framework was recently declared invalid by Court of Justice of the European Union. CJEU on July 16, 2020. In October 2022, the Biden administration negotiated new privacy shield terms with EU regulators, and signed an Executive Order in October 2022 directing the steps the United States will take to implement its commitments to the EU/US data privacy framework. The new proposed Privacy Shield terms are subject to further review by the European Commission or EC and member states. Max Schrems, who brought the lawsuit which resulted in the invalidation of Privacy Shield in 2020, has indicated that he will legally challenge these newly proposed Privacy Shield terms. 
 In its July 16, 2020 decision, while the CJEU upheld the adequacy of the standard contractual clauses (a standard form of contract approved by the European Commission as an adequate personal data transfer mechanism, and potential alternative to the Privacy Shield framework), it made clear that reliance on them alone may not necessarily be sufficient in all circumstances and cast doubt on their future use. Use of the standard contractual clauses must now be assessed on a case-by-case basis taking into account the legal regime applicable in the destination country, in particular applicable surveillance laws and rights of individuals. The use of standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data specifically to the United States remains under review by a number of European data protection supervisory authorities. 
 The GDPR sets out higher potential liabilities for certain data protection violations, which may result in fines up to the greater of 20 million or 4 of an enterprise s global annual revenue. Additionally, the UK GDPR will also have the ability to fine up to the greater of 17.5 million or 4 of global turnover. Further, the EU is currently in discussions to replace the ePrivacy Directive (commonly called the Cookie Directive with the ePrivacy Regulation that governs the use of technologies that collect, access, and store consumer information and may create additional compliance burdens for us in Europe. 
 Other jurisdictions have enacted legislation that closely tracks the concepts, obligations, and consumer rights described in the GDPR, including Brazil s General Data Protection law and Thailand s Personal Data Protection Act. Some jurisdictions, including Russia and China, have in recent years enacted data localization laws, which require any personal information of citizens of those jurisdictions to be stored and processed on servers located in those jurisdictions. Such laws are gaining momentum and are being enforced by local authorities. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Beyond laws and regulations, we are also members of self-regulatory bodies that impose additional requirements related to the collection, use, and disclosure of consumer data, including the IAB, the Digital Advertising Alliance, and the NAI. Under the requirements of these self-regulatory bodies, in addition to other compliance obligations, we provide consumers with notice via our privacy policies about our use of cookies and other technologies to collect consumer data, our collection and use of consumer data to deliver interest-based advertisements, and consumers opt-out choices. We also allow consumers to opt-out from the use of data we collect for purposes of interest-based advertising through mechanisms described in our privacy policies available on our website. Some of these self-regulatory bodies have the ability to discipline members or participants, which could result in penalties and cause reputational harm. Additionally, some of these bodies might refer violations of their requirements to the Federal Trade Commission or other regulators. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were incorporated in the State of Delaware in 2006. 
 Our internet address is www.pubmatic.com. At our investor relations website, https://investors.pubmatic.com, we make available free of charge a variety of information for investors, including our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with or furnish it to the SEC at www.sec.gov. Further, corporate governance information, including our corporate governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of conduct, are also available on our investor relations website at https://investors.pubmatic.com/corporate-governance/governance-highlights. 
 Website addresses referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not intended to function as hyperlinks, and the information contained on or available through our website is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report or documents we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks materializes, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially harmed, which could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline, and cause any investment in our Class A common stock to lose some or all of its value. 
 Risks Related to Our Business, Results of Operations and Growth 
 Our revenue and results of operations are highly dependent on the overall demand for advertising. 
 Our business depends on the overall demand for advertising and on the economic health of our current and prospective publishers and buyers. For example, due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the recession in the United States and global economy in the second quarter of 2020, advertising demand on our platform decreased and did not recover to pre-COVID-19 levels for two months. More recently, macroeconomic factors including inflation, rising interest rates and softening demand in certain verticals have caused some advertisers to reduce their advertising budgets. Such macroeconomic factors, as well as broader economic downturns, recessions, inflation, further changes in interest rates or foreign exchange rates or any supply chain disruptions, changes in the tax treatment of advertising expenses, or general uncertainty, in North America, Europe, and Asia, where we do most of our business; could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, the conflict in Ukraine could cause unpredictable economic effects in Europe, including potentially softening general consumer demand. Reductions in overall advertising spending as a result of these factors could make it difficult to predict our revenue and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 If our existing customers do not expand their usage of our platform, or if we fail to attract new publishers and buyers, our growth will suffer. Moreover, any decrease in the use of the advertising channels that we primarily depend on, or failure to expand into emerging channels, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We depend upon our buyer and publisher relationships, including channel partners, which aggregate large numbers of smaller publishers, to provide advertising space which we can offer to prospective buyers, to continue to grow the usage of our platform. In doing so, we compete for both supply and demand with larger, well-established companies that may have technological advantages stemming from their experience in the market. We must continue to adapt and improve our technology to compete effectively, and customers have not always embraced our offering due to various factors, including switching costs from moving away from pre-existing technology integrations, such as already implemented header bidding wrappers, and lack of awareness of our omnichannel offerings. Although we believe we provide superior transparency and accountability to such competitors, certain customers may place technological or financial demands that we are unable to meet. These and other factors may make it difficult for us to increase our business with our publishers and buyers, cause some buyers to reduce their spending with us, or increase our costs of doing business, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 A relatively small number of premium publishers have historically accounted for a significant portion of the ad impressions sold on our platform, as well as a significant portion of our revenue from publishers, including a relatively small number of channel partners. In particular, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, 13 , 17 and 20 , respectively, of our revenue was derived from ad impressions sold on our platform from our largest publisher, Yahoo. 
 We have no minimum commitments from publishers, so the amount, quality, and cost of ad impressions available to us can change at any time, and we cannot assure you that we will have access to a consistent volume or quality of ad impressions at a reasonable cost, or at all. We expect to depend upon a relatively small number of premium publishers and channel partners for the foreseeable future. To support our continued growth, we will seek to add additional publishers to our platform, and to expand current utilization with our existing publishers. Any disruptions in our relationships with premium publishers or largest channel partners could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If we cannot retain or add individual publishers with valuable ad impressions, or if such publishers decide not to make their valuable ad impressions available to us, then our buyers may be less inclined to use our platform, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 A limited number of large DSPs The Trade Desk and Google DV360 in particular account for a significant portion of the ad impressions purchased on our platform. We expect to depend upon these DSPs for a large percentage of impressions purchased for the foreseeable future. We have no minimum commitments from buyers to spend on our platform, so the amount of demand available to us can change at any time, and we cannot assure you that we will have access to a consistent volume or quality of ad campaigns or demand for our ad impressions at a reasonable price, or at all. Any disruptions in our relationships with DSPs, agencies or advertisers could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If a buyer or group of buyers representing a significant portion of the demand in our marketplace decides to materially reduce use of our platform, it could cause an immediate and significant decline in our revenue and profitability and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Historically, our buyers have predominantly used our platform to purchase mobile, display, and video advertising inventory from our publishers. We expect that these will continue to be significant channels used by our customers for digital advertising in the future. We also believe that our revenue growth may depend on our ability to expand within mobile, video, and in particular, CTV, and we have been, and are continuing to, enhance such channels. We may not be able to accurately predict changes in overall advertiser demand for the channels in which we operate and cannot assure you that our investment in formats will correspond to any such changes. Any decrease in the use of mobile, display, and video advertising, whether due to customers losing confidence in the value or effectiveness of such channels, regulatory restrictions or other causes, or any inability to further penetrate CTV or enter new and emerging advertising channels, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our results of operations may fluctuate significantly and may not meet our expectations or those of securities analysts and investors. 
 We operate in an evolving industry with ever-changing customer needs, and, as a result, our business has evolved over time such that our operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business and future prospects. Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past, and future results of operations are likely to fluctuate as well. Although we have experienced substantial revenue growth, we may not be able to sustain this growth rate, current revenue levels or profitability. In addition, because our business is evolving, our historical results of operations may be of limited utility in assessing our future prospects. We expect to face challenges, risks, and difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly developing industries, including those relating to: 
 changes in demand and pricing for ad impressions sold on our platform; 
 changes in our access to valuable ad impressions from publishers; 
 developing, maintaining, and expanding relationships with publishers, DSPs, agencies, and advertisers 
 seasonality in our business; 
 innovating and developing new solutions that are adopted by and meet the needs of publishers, DSPs, agencies, and advertisers; 
 competing against companies with a larger customer base or greater financial or technical resources; 
 changes in the structure of the buying and selling of ad impressions; 
 changes in the pricing policies of publishers and competitors; 
 responding to evolving industry standards and government regulations that impact our business, particularly in the areas of data protection and consumer privacy. 
 changes in demand due to changes in macroeconomic environment, including as a result of an economic downturn, recession, inflation, changes in interest rates or foreign exchange rates, disruptions to supply chains, or otherwise; 
 further expanding our business internationally; and 
 recruiting, integrating, and retaining qualified and motivated employees, particularly engineers. 
 Any one or more of the factors above may result in significant fluctuations in our results of operations. You should not rely on our past results as an indicator of our future performance. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Because many of our expenses are based upon forecasted demand and may be difficult to reduce in the short term, volatility in quarterly revenue could cause significant variations in quarterly results of operations. We may not forecast our revenue or expenses accurately, causing our results of operations to diverge from our estimates or the expectations of securities analysts, and investors. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the trading price of our Class A common stock could fall, and we could face costly litigation, including securities class action lawsuits. 
 If we fail to make the right investment decisions in our platform, or if we fail to innovate and develop new solutions that are adopted by publishers, we may not attract and retain publishers, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We face intense competition in the marketplace and are confronted by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and consumer preferences, regulatory changes, and the frequent introduction of new solutions by our competitors that we must adapt and respond to. We need to continuously update our platform and the technology we invest in and develop, including our machine learning and other proprietary algorithms, in order to attract publishers and buyers and keep ahead of changes in technology, evolving industry standards and regulatory requirements. Our platform is complex and new solutions can require a significant investment of time and resources to develop, test, introduce, and enhance. These activities can take longer than we expect. Moreover, we may not make the right decisions regarding these investments. New formats and channels, such as mobile header bidding and CTV, present unique challenges that we must address in order to succeed. Our success in new formats and channels depends upon our ability to integrate our platform with these new formats and channels. If our mobile and video solutions or our new CTV solutions are not widely adopted by publishers, we may not retain publishers. In addition, new demands from publishers and buyers, superior offerings by competitors, changes in technology, or new industry standards or regulatory requirements could render our platform or our existing solutions less effective and require us to make unanticipated changes to our platform or business model. Our failure to adapt to a rapidly changing market, anticipate publisher and buyer demand, or attract and retain publishers would cause our revenue or revenue growth rate to decline, and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We must scale our platform infrastructure to support anticipated growth and transaction volume. If we fail to do so, we may limit our ability to process ad impressions, and we may lose revenue. 
 Our business depends on processing ad impressions in milliseconds, and we must handle an increasingly large volume of such transactions. The addition of new solutions, such as header bidding in mobile and the CTV and OTT formats, support of evolving advertising formats, handling, and use of increasing amounts of data, and overall growth in impressions place growing demands upon our platform infrastructure. If we are unable to grow our platform to support substantial increases in the number of transactions and in the amount of data we process, on a high-performance, cost-effective basis, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. We expect to continue to invest in our platform in order to meet these requirements, and that investment could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Additionally, if we overestimate future usage of our platform, we may incur expense in adding infrastructure without a commensurate increase in revenue, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 The recently-completed acquisition of Martin presents risks and we must successfully integrate the Martin business to realize the strategic and financial goals that we currently anticipate. 
 In September 2022, we acquired ConsultMates, Inc. (dba Martin to further augment our SPO capabilities. We have limited experience with such acquisitions, and risks we may face in connection with the integration of the Martin business into our business and operations include: 
 we may not realize the revenue or other economic benefits and synergies we expect to receive from the transaction; 
 we may have difficulties integrating and managing Martin s SPO products and technology, as well as business relationships, or retaining key personnel from Martin; 
 the acquisition may not further our business strategy as we expected or we may otherwise not realize our expected return on investment, which could adversely affect our business or operating results; 
 Martin s existing privacy and information security systems and related infrastructure may require additional investments of time and resources in order to scale and, as necessary, to integrate into our platform or to be developed to appropriate standards; 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Martin s management and compliance functions and processes may require significant investments of time and resources in order to support its current and anticipated future product offerings, to scale and, as necessary, to integrate into our platform; and 
 Our operating results or financial condition may be adversely impacted by (i) claims or liabilities (including tax liabilities) related to Martin s business and the Martin acquisition including, among others, claims from U.S. or international regulatory or other governmental agencies, terminated employees, current or former customers or business partners, or other third parties; (ii) pre-existing contractual relationships of Martin that we would not have otherwise entered into, the termination or modification of which may be costly or disruptive to our business; (iii) unfavorable accounting treatment as a result of Martin s practices; and (iv) intellectual property claims or disputes against Martin. 
 Our efforts to offer private marketplace solutions may not be successful, or we may not be able to scale our platform to meet this demand in a timely manner, and, as a result, we may not realize a return from our investments in that area. 
 We believe there is significant and growing demand for private marketplace solutions PMPs ), and we are making significant investments to meet that demand and grow our market share of PMPs. PMPs may involve lower fees than we can charge for our real-time bidding services, which may not be fully offset by anticipated higher pricing. In some cases, we have experienced fee pressure as we have built out our PMP offering, and we expect this fee pressure to increase as more competitors, including new entrants as well as publishers themselves, build their own technology and infrastructure to enter this business. Even if the market for these solutions develops as we anticipate, publishers and buyers might not embrace our offerings to the degree we expect due to various factors such as inertia from moving off of existing implementations of competitive products. Additionally, even if publishers and buyers embrace our offerings, the positive effect of our PMP offerings on our results of operations may be offset or negated if PMPs cannibalize our open marketplace transaction volumes, by similar offerings from our competitors, or other adverse developments. 
 Risk Related to Data Collection and the Use of Collected Data 
 The rejection of digital advertising by consumers, through opt-in, opt-out or ad-blocking technologies or other means or the restriction on the use of third party-cookies, mobile device identifiers or other tracking technologies, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We use cookies, or small text files placed on consumer devices when an Internet browser is used, as well as mobile device identifiers, to gather data that enables our platform to be more effective. Our cookies and mobile device identifiers do not identify consumers directly, but record information such as when a consumer views or clicks on an advertisement, when a consumer uses a mobile app, the consumer s location, and browser or other device information. Publishers and partners may also choose to share their information about consumers interests or give us permission to use their cookies and mobile device identifiers. We use data from cookies, mobile device identifiers, and other tracking technologies to help advertisers decide whether to bid on, and how to price, an ad impression in a certain location, at a given time, for a particular consumer. Without cookies, mobile device identifiers, and other tracking technology data, transactions processed through our platform would be executed with less insight into consumer activity, reducing the precision of advertisers' decisions about which impressions to purchase for an advertising campaign. This could make placement identifiers advertising through our platform less valuable, and harm our revenue. If our ability to use cookies, mobile device identifiers or other tracking technologies is limited, we may be required to develop or obtain additional applications and technologies to compensate for the lack of cookies, mobile device identifiers and other tracking technology data, which could be time consuming or costly to develop, less effective, and subject to additional regulation. 
 Additionally, consumers can, with increasing ease, implement technologies that limit our ability to collect and use data to deliver advertisements, or otherwise limit the effectiveness of our platform. Cookies may be deleted or blocked by consumers. The most commonly used Internet browsers allow consumers to modify their browser settings to block first-party cookies (placed directly by the publisher or website owner that the consumer intends to interact with) or third-party cookies (placed by parties, like us, that have no direct relationship with the consumer), and some browsers block third-party cookies by default. Some prominent technology companies, including Google, have also announced intentions to discontinue the use of cookies, and to develop alternative methods and mechanisms for tracking consumers. As companies replace cookies, it is possible that such companies may rely on proprietary algorithms or statistical methods to track consumers without cookies, or may utilize log-in credentials entered by consumers into other web properties owned by these companies, such as their email services, to track web usage, including usage across multiple devices. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Alternatively, such companies may build different and potentially proprietary consumer tracking methods into their widely-used web browsers. Although we believe our platform is well-positioned to adapt and continue to provide key data insights to our publishers without cookies, this transition could be more disruptive, slower, or more expensive than we currently anticipate, and could materially affect our ability to serve our customers, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Many applications and other devices also allow consumers to avoid receiving advertisements by paying for subscriptions or other downloads. Mobile devices using Android and iOS operating systems limit the ability of cookies to track consumers while they are using applications other than their web browser on the device. As a consequence, fewer of our cookies or publishers' cookies may be set in browsers or be accessible in mobile devices, which adversely affects our business. 
 Some consumers also download ad blocking software on their computers or mobile devices, not only for privacy reasons, but also to counteract the adverse effect advertisements can have on the consumer experience, including increased load times, data consumption, and screen overcrowding. Ad-blocking technologies and other global privacy controls may prevent some third-party cookies, or other tracking technologies, from being stored on a consumer's computer or mobile device. If more consumers adopt these measures, it could reduce the volume or effectiveness and value of advertising, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, some ad blocking technologies block only ads that are targeted through use of third-party data, while allowing ads based on first-party data (i.e., data owned by the publisher). These ad blockers could place us at a disadvantage because we rely on third-party data, while some large competitors have troves of first-party data they use to direct advertising. Other technologies allow ads that are deemed acceptable, which could be defined in ways that place us or our publishers at a disadvantage, particularly if such technologies are controlled or influenced by our competitors. Even if ad blockers do not ultimately have an adverse effect on our business, investor concerns about ad blockers could cause our stock price to decline. 
 Our business depends on our ability to collect, use, and disclose data to deliver advertisements. Any limitation imposed on our collection, use or disclosure of this data could significantly diminish the value of our solution and cause us to lose publishers, buyers, and revenue. Consumer tools, regulatory restrictions and technological limitations all threaten our ability to use and disclose data. 
 As we process transactions through our platform, we collect large amounts of data about advertisements and where they are placed, such as advertiser and publisher preferences for media and advertising content. We also collect data on ad specifications such as placement, size and format, ad pricing, and auction activity such as price floors, bid response behavior, and clearing prices. Further, we collect data on consumers that does not identify the individual, including browser, device location and characteristics, online browsing behavior, exposure to and interaction with advertisements, and inferential data about purchase intentions, and preferences. We collect this data through various means, including from our own systems, pixels that publishers allow us to place on their websites to track consumer visits, software development kits installed in mobile applications, cookies, and other tracking technologies. Our publishers, buyers, and data providers may also choose to provide us with their proprietary data about consumers. 
 We aggregate this data and analyze it in order to enhance our services, including the pricing, placement, and scheduling of advertisements. As part of our real-time analytics service offering we also share the data, or analyses based on it, with our publishers and buyers. Our ability to collect, use and share data about advertising transactions and consumer behavior is critical to the value of our services. Evolving and conflicting regulatory standards could place restrictions on the collection, management, aggregation and use of information, which could result in a material increase in the cost of collecting or otherwise obtaining certain kinds of data and could limit the ways in which we may use or disclose information. Internet users can, with increasing ease, implement practices or technologies that may limit our ability to collect and use data to deliver advertisements, or otherwise inhibit the effectiveness of our platform. Although our publishers and buyers generally permit us to aggregate and use data from advertising placements, subject to certain restrictions, publishers or buyers might decide to restrict our collection or use of their data. Any limitations on this ability could impair our ability to deliver effective solutions, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 If publishers, buyers, and data providers do not obtain necessary and requisite consents from consumers for us to process their personal data, we could be subject to fines and liability. 
 Because we do not have direct relationships with consumers, we rely on publishers, buyers, and data providers, as applicable, to obtain the consent of the consumer on our behalf to process their data and deliver interest-based advertisements, and to implement any notice or choice mechanisms required under applicable laws, but if publishers, buyers, or data providers do not follow this process (and in any event as the legal requirements in this area continue to evolve and develop), we could be subject to fines and liability. We may not have adequate insurance or contractual indemnity arrangements to protect us against any such claims and losses. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Related to the Advertising Industry and Competition 
 The digital advertising industry is intensely competitive, and if we do not effectively compete against current and future competitors, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 The digital advertising ecosystem is competitive and complex due to a variety of factors. While programmatic header bidding has enabled the purchasing and selling of vast amounts of digital advertising inventory, there now exist significant challenges related to proliferation of media across platforms, transaction speed, increased costs, transparency, and regulatory requirements. To address these issues at scale for both buyers and sellers, we provide specialized software and hardware infrastructure to optimally power technology-driven transactions. To successfully grow our business, we compete with SSPs like Magnite, Inc., smaller private SSPs in markets around the world, as well as divisions of larger companies like Google. 
 Some of our competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, and greater financial, technical, sales, and marketing resources than we have. In addition, some competitors, particularly those with greater scale or a more diversified revenue base and a broader offering, have greater flexibility than we do to compete aggressively on the basis of price and other contract terms, or to compete with us by including in their product offerings services that we may not provide. Some of our competitors may also choose to sell products or services competitive to ours at lower prices by accepting lower margins and profitability, or may be able to sell products or services competitive to ours at lower prices given proprietary ownership of data, technical superiority, or economies of scale. Such introduction of competent, competitive products, pricing strategies, or other technologies by our competitors that are superior to or that achieve greater market acceptance than our products and services could adversely affect our business. 
 We experience requests from publishers and buyers for discounts, fee concessions, rebates, or other forms of consideration, refunds, and greater levels of pricing transparency, in some cases as a condition to maintain the relationship or to increase the amount of advertising spend that the buyer sends to our platform. In addition, we charge fees to publishers for use of our platform, and we may decide to offer discounts or other pricing concessions in order to attract more inventory or demand, or to compete effectively with other providers that have different or lower pricing structures and may be able to undercut our pricing due to greater scale or other factors. Our revenue, take rate, business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if we cannot maintain and grow our revenue and profitability through volume increases that compensate for any price reductions, or if we are forced to make significant fee concessions, rebates, or refunds. 
 Some of our competitors are also able or willing to agree to contract terms that expose them to risks that might be more appropriately allocated to publishers or buyers of advertising (including inventory risk and the risk of having to pay publishers for unsold advertising impressions), and in order to compete effectively we might need to accommodate risks that could be difficult to manage or insure against. Some existing and potential buyers have their own relationships with publishers or are seeking to establish such relationships, and many publishers are investing in capabilities that enable them to connect more effectively directly with buyers. Our business suffers to the extent that publishers and buyers purchase and sell advertising inventory directly from one another or through other intermediaries other than us, reducing the amount of advertising spend on our platform. If we are unable to compete effectively for publishers ad impressions and buyer s advertising spend, we could experience a decline in market share and revenues and be forced to reduce our prices, resulting in lower profit margins for us. Loss of existing or future market share to new competitors and increased price competition could substantially harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 There has also been rapid evolution and consolidation in the advertising technology industry, and we expect these trends to continue, thereby increasing the capabilities and competitive posture of larger companies, particularly those that are already dominant in various ways, and enabling new or stronger competitors to emerge. Many publishers and buyers are large consolidated organizations that may need to acquire other companies in order to grow. Smaller publishers and buyers may need to consolidate in order to compete effectively. There is a finite number of large publishers and buyers in our target markets, and any consolidation of publishers or buyers may give the resulting enterprises greater bargaining power or result in the loss of publishers and buyers that use our platform, reducing our potential base of publishers and buyers, each of which would lead to erosion of our revenue. 
 Market pressure may reduce our revenue per impression. 
 Our revenue may be affected by market changes, new demands by publishers and buyers, new solutions, and competitive pressure. Our solutions may be priced too high or too low, or our pricing approaches may not be accepted, any of which may carry adverse consequences. We may receive requests from publishers for discounts, fee revisions, rebates, and refunds, or from DSPs, agencies and advertisers for volume discounts, fee revisions, and rebates. Any of these developments could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Seasonal fluctuations or market changes in digital advertising activity could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our revenue, net cash provided by operating activities, results of operations, and other key operating and performance metrics may vary from quarter to quarter due to the seasonal nature of digital advertising spending. For example, digital advertisers tend to devote a large portion of their budgets to campaigns in the fourth quarter of the year, to coincide with consumer holiday spending, and then have a significantly smaller advertising budget in the first calendar quarter. Pricing of digital ad impressions in the fourth quarter is likely to be higher due to increased demand. In addition, adverse economic conditions, inflation, changes in foreign exchange rates or interest rates, or general economic uncertainty may cause advertisers to decrease purchases of digital ad impressions, adversely affecting our business, results of operation and financial condition. A decline in the market for programmatic advertising or the failure of that market to grow as expected could also adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 If ad formats and digital device types develop in ways that prevent advertisements from being delivered to consumers, our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 Our success depends upon the ability of our platform to provide advertising for a variety of digital devices, the major operating systems or Internet browsers that run on them, and the thousands of applications that are downloaded onto them. The design of digital devices and operating systems or browsers is controlled by third parties that may also introduce new devices and operating systems or modify existing ones, and our access to content on certain devices may be limited. If our platform cannot operate effectively with popular devices, operating systems, or Internet browsers, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to our Operations 
 If we fail to detect or prevent fraud on our platform, or malware intrusion into the systems or devices of our publishers and their consumers, publishers could lose confidence in our platform, and we could face legal claims. 
 We may be subject to fraudulent or malicious activities undertaken by persons seeking to use our platform for improper purposes. For example, someone may attempt to divert or artificially inflate advertiser purchases through our platform, or to disrupt or divert the operation of the systems, and devices of our publishers, and their consumers in order to misappropriate information, generate fraudulent billings or stage cyberattacks, or for other illicit purposes. For example, sophisticated bot-nets and other complex forms of click fraud might be used to generate fraudulent impressions and divert advertising revenue from legitimate websites of publishers. Those activities could also introduce malware through our platform in order to commandeer or gain access to information on consumers computers. We use third-party tools and proprietary technology to identify non-human traffic and malware, and we may reduce or terminate relationships with publishers that we find to be engaging in such activities. Although we continuously assess the quality and performance of advertising on publishers digital media properties, it may be difficult to detect fraudulent or malicious activity. Further, perpetrators of fraudulent impressions and malware frequently change their tactics and may become more sophisticated over time, requiring both us and third parties to improve processes for assessing the quality of publisher inventory and controlling fraudulent activity. If we fail to detect or prevent fraudulent or malicious activity of this sort, our reputation could be damaged, publishers may contest payment, demand refunds, or fail to give us future business, or we could face legal claims. Even if we are not directly involved in fraud or malicious activity, any sustained failures of others in our industry to adequately detect and prevent fraud could generate the perception that programmatic advertising is unsafe and lead our publishers to avoid programmatic advertising. 
 Our success depends on our ability to retain key members of our management team, and on our ability to hire, train, retain, and motivate new employees. 
 Our success depends upon the continued service of members of our senior management team and other key employees. Our Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Rajeev K. Goel, is critical to our overall management, as well as the continued development of our platform and relationships with publishers, DSPs, and agencies, and our strategic direction. Our success also depends on our ability to hire, train, retain, and motivate new employees that align with our corporate culture that has fostered innovation, creativity, and teamwork across our business. Competition for employees in our industry can be intense, and we compete for experienced personnel with many companies that have greater resources than we have. The market for talent in our key areas of operations, especially in engineering, and competition for qualified personnel is particularly intense in the San Francisco Bay Area, Pune, India, and New York, where we maintain offices. As we expand and change, in particular across multiple geographies or following acquisitions, it may be difficult to preserve our corporate culture, which could reduce our ability to innovate, create, and operate effectively. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to payment-related risks if DSPs dispute or do not pay their invoices, and any decreases in payments or in our overall take rate could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We generate revenue primarily through revenue share agreements with our publishers. We invoice DSPs and collect the full purchase price for the digital ad impressions they purchase, retain our fees, and remit the balance to the publisher. However, in some cases, we are required to pay publishers for digital ad impressions delivered even if we are unable to collect from the buyer that purchased the digital ad impressions. In the past, certain buyers have sought to slow their payments to us or been forced into filing for bankruptcy protection, resulting in us not receiving payment. These challenges may be exacerbated by the overall market and economic volatility, inflation, changes in foreign exchange rates or interest rates, disruptions to supply chains, and the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting economic impact, as many of our buyers are experiencing financial difficulties and liquidity constraints. In certain cases, buyers have been unable to timely make payments and we have suffered losses. For example, in early 2019, the advertising company Sizmek declared bankruptcy, which led us to lose approximately 6 million in contracted spending on our platform. While our contracts generally do not contain such exposure, there are certain agreements under which we may be responsible for the whole amount of contracted spending, whether or not ultimately paid by the buyer. 
 In addition, a prolonged economic downturn may lead additional buyers to slow or default on payments or in some cases seek bankruptcy protection. We cannot assure you that we will not experience bad debt in the future, and write-offs for bad debt could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition in the periods in which the write-offs occur. If our cash collections are significantly diminished as a result of these dynamics, our revenue and/or cash flow could be adversely affected, and we may need to use working capital to fund our accounts payable pending collection from the buyers. This may result in additional costs and cause us to forgo or defer other more productive uses of that working capital. 
 Our international operations subject us to additional costs and risks, and our continued international expansion may not be successful. 
 We have entered into several international markets and we expect to continue to expand our international operations. Further expansion may require significant management attention and financial resources and may place burdens on our management, administrative, operational, legal, and financial infrastructure. The costs and risks inherent in conducting business internationally include, but are not limited to: 
 difficulties and costs associated with maintaining effective controls at foreign locations; 
 adapting our platform and solutions to non-U.S. publishers preferences and customs; 
 regulatory and other delays and difficulties in setting up foreign operations, including staffing difficulties; 
 compliance with anti-bribery laws and regulations, export and import control and economic sanctions, laws and regulations; 
 compliance with foreign data privacy laws; 
 economic and political instability in some countries, including as a result of the conflict in Ukraine; and 
 compliance with the laws of numerous taxing jurisdictions. 
 As we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these risks. These factors and others could harm our ability to increase international revenues and, consequently, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our use and reliance upon technology and development resources in India may expose us to unanticipated costs and liabilities, which could affect our ability to realize cost savings from our operations in India. 
 Most of our technology and development work is conducted in Pune, India. We cannot assure you that our reliance upon development resources in India will enable us to achieve meaningful cost reductions or greater resource efficiency. Further, our development efforts and other operations in India involve significant risks, including, but not limited to: 
 difficulty hiring and retaining engineering and management resources due to intense competition for such resources and resulting wage inflation; 
 heightened exposure to changes in economic, health, security, and political conditions in India; and 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates and tax compliance in India. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, enforcement of intellectual property rights and confidentiality protections in India may not be as effective as in the United States or other countries. Policing unauthorized use of proprietary technology is difficult and expensive, and we may need to resort to litigation to protect our trade secrets and confidential information. The experience and capabilities of Indian courts in handling intellectual property litigation vary, and outcomes are unpredictable. Further, such litigation may require significant expenditures of cash and management efforts and could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We expect to continue to rely on significant cost savings obtained by concentrating our technology and development and engineering work in India, rather than in the United States, but difficulties resulting from the factors noted above and other risks related to our operations in India could increase our expenses and harm our competitive position. The historical rate of wage inflation has been higher in India than in the United States. In addition, if the Rupee strengthens against the U.S. Dollar, our costs would increase. If the cost of technology and development work in India significantly increases or the labor environment in India changes unfavorably, our cost savings may be diminished. Any such developments could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We depend on third-party data centers, the disruption of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We host our company-owned infrastructure at third-party data centers. Any damage to or failure of our systems generally would prevent us from operating our business. We rely on the Internet and, accordingly, depend upon the continuous, reliable, and secure operation of Internet servers, related hardware and software, and network infrastructure. While we control and have access to our servers and all of the components of our network that are located in our external data centers, we do not control the operation of these facilities. 
 The owners of our data center facilities have no obligation to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms, or if one of our data center operators is acquired, we may be required to transfer our servers and other infrastructure to new data center facilities, and we may incur significant costs and possible service interruption in connection with doing so. 
 Problems faced by our third-party data center operations, with the telecommunications network providers with whom we or they contract, or with the systems by which our telecommunications providers allocate capacity among their customers, including us, could adversely affect the experience of publishers. Additionally, improving our platform s infrastructure and expanding its capacity in anticipation of growth in new channels and formats, as well as implementing technological enhancements to our platform to improve its efficiency and cost-effectiveness are key components of our business strategy, and if our data centers are unable to keep up with our growing needs for capacity, this could have an adverse effect on our business. Any changes in third-party service levels at our data centers or any errors, defects, disruptions, or other performance problems could adversely affect our reputation, expose us to liability, cause us to lose customers, or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Service interruptions might reduce our revenue, trigger refunds to publishers, subject us to potential liability, or adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 The occurrence of a natural disaster, an act of terrorism, vandalism or sabotage, or other unanticipated problems at these facilities could result in interruptions in the availability of our platform. While we have disaster recovery arrangements in place, they have not been tested under actual disasters or similar events and may not effectively permit us to continue to provide our products and services in the event of any problems with respect to our data centers. Moreover, because we do not currently have full redundancy with respect to the services at each data center, if one of our data centers shuts down there may be a period of time that our products or services, or some of our products or services, will be unavailable to publishers served by that data center. If any of these events were to occur to our business, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Platform outages or disruptions, including due to cyberattacks or our failure to maintain adequate security and supporting infrastructure, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 As we grow our business, we expect to continue to invest in our platform infrastructure, including hardware and software solutions, network services and database technologies, as well as potentially increase our reliance on open source software. Without these improvements, our operations might suffer from unanticipated system disruptions, slow transaction processing, unreliable service levels, impaired quality or delays in reporting accurate information regarding transactions on our platform, any of which could negatively affect our reputation and ability to attract and retain publishers. The steps we take to enhance the reliability, integrity and security of our platform as it scales are expensive and complex, and poor execution could result in operational failures. In addition, cyberattack techniques are constantly evolving and becoming increasingly diverse, growing increasingly more sophisticated and could involve denial-of-service attacks or other maneuvers that have the effect of disrupting the availability of services on our platform. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Other types of cyberattacks could harm us even if our platform operations are left undisturbed. For example, attacks may be designed to deceive employees into releasing control of their systems to a hacker, while others may aim to introduce computer viruses or malware into our systems with a view to stealing confidential or proprietary data. We are also vulnerable to unintentional errors or malicious actions by persons with authorized access to our systems that exceed the scope of their access rights, distribute data erroneously, or, unintentionally or intentionally, interfere with the intended operations of our platform. Although we maintain insurance coverage, it may be insufficient to protect us against all losses and costs stemming from security breaches, cyberattacks and other types of unlawful activity, or any resulting disruptions from such events. Outages and disruptions of our platform, including any caused by cyberattacks, may harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our software platform could be susceptible to errors, defects, or unintended performance problems that could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We depend upon the sustained and uninterrupted performance of our platform to operate our business. Software bugs, faulty algorithms, technical or infrastructure problems, or system updates could lead to an inability to process data to place advertisements or price inventory effectively, or cause advertisements to display improperly or be placed in proximity to inappropriate content, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. These risks are compounded by the complexity of our technology and the large amounts of data we utilize. Because our software is complex, undetected material defects, errors and failures may occur. Despite testing, errors, or bugs in our software may not be found until the software is in our live operating environment. 
 For example, changes to our solution have in the past caused errors in the measurements of transactions conducted through our platform, resulting in disputes raised by publishers. Errors or failures in our solution, even if caused by the implementation of changes by publishers or partners to their systems, could also result in negative publicity, damage to our reputation, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our solution, increased costs or loss of revenue, or loss of competitive position. As a result, defects or errors in our products or services could harm our reputation, result in significant costs to us, impair the ability of publishers to sell and for buyers to purchase inventory and impair our ability to fulfill obligations with publishers and partners. Any significant interruptions could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our continued business success depends upon our ability to offer high-quality inventory with appropriate viewability capabilities. 
 We must address quality concerns of both advertisers and publishers. Publishers require ad quality tools that enable granular control over the characteristics of the ads that run on their ad impressions, including those relating to the advertiser, industry and content for a particular ad. We must also provide automatic or ad hoc blocking of ads that contain malware or other ads the publisher deems undesirable. Our inventory quality tools must continue to help publishers demonstrate the value and quality of their ad impressions to DSPs, advertisers, and agencies with automated fraud detection and viewability reporting. Maintaining and upgrading our capabilities associated with ad quality and inventory quality is complex and costly. If we fail to maintain high quality controls for our publishers and partners, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, the viewability of ad impressions is important to certain advertisers because it enables them to assess the value of particular ad impressions as a means to reach a target audience. However, there is no consensus regarding the definition of viewability or the minimum standard viewability thresholds and metrics that should apply for different ad formats. We cannot predict whether consensus views will emerge, or what they will be. Incorporating accepted viewability approaches fully into our business as they evolve will require us to incur additional costs to integrate relevant technologies and process additional information through our platform. In addition, ad impressions that are well differentiated on the basis of viewability will also typically be differentiated on the basis of value, with those that are less viewable valued lower. In this context, if we are not able to effectively transact ad impressions with higher viewability and to incorporate appropriate viewability capabilities into our platform, we could be competitively disadvantaged and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Future acquisitions or strategic investments could be difficult to identify and integrate, divert the attention of management, and could disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 As part of our growth strategy, we may acquire or invest in other businesses, assets or technologies that are complementary to and fit within our strategic goals. Any acquisition or investment may divert the attention of management and require us to use significant amounts of cash, issue dilutive equity securities or incur debt. Any additional capital raised through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities would dilute your stock ownership, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. 
 Any debt financing we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. In addition, the anticipated benefits of any acquisition or investment may not be realized, and we may be exposed to unknown risks, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition, including risks arising from: 
 difficulties in integrating the operations, technologies, product or service offerings, administrative systems, and personnel of acquired businesses; 
 ineffectiveness or incompatibility of acquired technologies or solutions; 
 potential loss of key employees of the acquired business; 
 inability to maintain key business relationships and reputation of the acquired business; 
 litigation arising from the acquisition or the activities of the acquired business; 
 failure to generate the expected financial results related to an acquisition in a timely manner or at all; 
 failure to accurately forecast the impact of an acquisition; and 
 implementation or remediation of effective controls, procedures, and policies for acquired businesses. 
 We rely on publishers, buyers, and partners to abide by contractual requirements and relevant laws, rules, and regulations when using our platform, and legal claims or enforcement actions resulting from their actions could expose us to liabilities, damage our reputation, and be costly to defend. 
 The publishers, buyers, and partners engaging in transactions through our platform impose various requirements upon each other, and they and the underlying advertisers are subject to regulatory requirements by governments and standards bodies applicable to their activities. We may assume responsibility for satisfying or facilitating the satisfaction of some of these requirements through the contracts we enter into with publishers, buyers, and partners. In addition, we may have responsibility for some acts or omissions of publishers, buyers, or partners transacting business through our platform under applicable laws or regulations or as a result of common law duties, even if we have not assumed responsibility contractually. These responsibilities could expose us to significant liabilities, perhaps without the ability to impose effective mitigating controls upon, or to recover from, publishers and buyers. Moreover, for those third parties who are both publishers and buyers on our platform, it is feasible that they could use our platform to buy and sell advertisements in an effort to inflate their own revenue. We could be subject to litigation as a result of such actions, and, if we were sued, we would incur legal costs in our defense and cannot guarantee that a court would not attribute some liability to us. 
 We contractually require our publishers, buyers, data providers, and partners to abide by relevant laws, rules and regulations, and restrictions by their counterparties, when transacting on our platform, and we generally attempt to obtain representations from buyers that the advertising they place through our platform complies with applicable laws and regulations and does not violate third-party intellectual property rights, and from publishers about the quality and characteristics of the impressions they provide. We also generally receive representations from publishers, buyers, and data providers about their privacy practices and compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including their maintenance of adequate privacy policies that disclose and permit our data collection practices. Nonetheless, there are many circumstances in which it is difficult or impossible for us to monitor or evaluate their compliance. For example, we cannot control the content of publisher s media properties, and we are often unable to determine exactly what information a partner collects after an ad has been placed, and how the buyer uses any such collected information. Moreover, we are unable to prevent DSPs from aggregating bid requests from publishers and directing it to their own buying platforms or even reselling such bid data to advertisers or third parties. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 If publishers, buyers, data providers, or partners fail to abide by relevant laws, rules and regulations, or contractual requirements, when transacting over our platform, or after such a transaction is completed, we could potentially face liability to consumers for such misuse. Potential sources of liability to consumers include malicious activities, such as the introduction of malware into consumers computers through advertisements served through our platform, and code that redirects consumers to sites other than the ones consumers sought to visit, potentially resulting in malware downloads or use charges from the redirect site. Publishers often have terms of use in place with their consumers that disclaim or limit their potential liabilities to such consumers, or pursuant to which consumers waive rights to bring class-action lawsuits against the publishers related to advertisements. Similarly, if such misconduct results in enforcement action by a regulatory body or other governmental authority, we could become involved in a potentially time-consuming and costly investigation or we could be subject to some form of sanction or penalty. We may not have adequate indemnity to protect us against, and our insurance policies, may not cover, such claims and losses. 
 Our business is subject to the risk of catastrophic events such as pandemics, earthquakes, flooding, fire, and power outages, and to interruption by man-made problems such as acts of war and terrorism. 
 Our business is vulnerable to damage or interruption from pandemics, earthquakes, flooding, fire, power outages, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, human errors, break-ins, and similar events. A significant natural disaster could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition, and our insurance coverage may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. We have one office and one data center facility located in California, a state known for seismic activity. Significant portions of our development and advertising operations work is located in Pune, India, which is susceptible to earthquakes and flooding. In addition, economic or political instability caused by the conflict in Ukraine, or international responses thereto, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Furthermore, acts of terrorism, which may be targeted at metropolitan areas that have higher population density than rural areas, could cause disruptions in our or our publishers and partners businesses or the economy as a whole. Our servers may also be vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins, denial-of-service attacks, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems, which could lead to interruptions, delays, loss of critical data. We may not have sufficient protection or recovery plans in some circumstances, such as natural disasters affecting California, New York, Virginia, or Pune, India. As we rely heavily on our data center facilities, computer and communications systems and the Internet to conduct our business and provide high-quality customer service, these disruptions could negatively impact our ability to run our business and either directly or indirectly disrupt publishers and partners businesses, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Regulations 
 We are subject to constantly evolving laws, regulations and industry requirements related to data privacy, data protection, information security, and consumer protection across the markets we operate in. 
 We receive, store, and process data about or related to consumers in addition to our customers, employees, and services providers. Our handling of this data is subject to a variety of federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations and is subject to regulation by various government authorities. Our data handling also is subject to contractual obligations and may be deemed to be subject to industry standards. 
 The U.S. federal and various state and foreign governments have adopted or proposed limitations on the collection, distribution, use, and storage of data relating to individuals, including the use of contact information and other data for marketing, advertising and other communications with individuals and businesses. In the United States, various laws and regulations apply to the collection, processing, disclosure, and security of certain types of data. Additionally, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws as imposing standards for the online collection, use, dissemination, and security of data. If we fail to comply with any such laws or regulations, we may be subject to enforcement actions that may not only expose us to litigation, fines, and civil and/or criminal penalties, but also require us to change our business practices, each of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 The regulatory framework for data privacy issues worldwide is currently evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. The occurrence of unanticipated events often rapidly drives the adoption of legislation or regulation affecting the use, collection, or other processing of data and manners in which we conduct our business. Restrictions could be placed upon the collection, management, aggregation, and use of information, which could result in a material increase in the cost of collecting or otherwise obtaining certain kinds of data and could limit the ways in which we may use or disclose information. In particular, interest-based advertising, or the use of data to draw inferences about a user s interests and deliver relevant advertising to that user, and similar or related practices (sometimes referred to as behavioral advertising or personalized advertising), such as cross-device data collection and aggregation, steps taken to de-identify personal data, and to use and distribute the resulting data, including for purposes of personalization and the targeting of advertisements, have come under increasing scrutiny by legislative, regulatory, and self-regulatory bodies in the United States and abroad that focus on consumer protection or data privacy. Much of this scrutiny has focused on the use of cookies and other technology to collect information about Internet users online browsing activity on web browsers, mobile devices, and other devices, to associate such data with user or device identifiers or de-identified identities across devices and channels. In addition, providers of Internet browsers have engaged in, or announced plans to continue or expand, efforts to provide increased visibility into, and certain controls over, cookies and similar technologies and the data collected using such technologies. Because we, and our customers, rely upon large volumes of such data collected primarily through cookies and similar technologies, it is possible that these efforts may have a substantial impact on our ability to collect and use data from Internet users, and it is essential that we monitor developments in this area domestically and globally, and engage in responsible privacy practices, including providing consumers with notice of the types of data we collect and how we use that data to provide our services. 
 In the United States, the U.S. Congress and state legislatures, along with federal regulatory authorities have recently increased their attention on matters concerning the collection and use of consumer data. In the United States, non-sensitive consumer data generally may be used under current rules and regulations, subject to certain restrictions, so long as the person does not affirmatively opt-out of the collection or use of such data. If an opt-in model or other more restrictive regulations were to be adopted in the United States, less data would be available, and the cost of data would be higher. 
 California enacted legislation, the CCPA that became operative on January 1, 2020 and became enforceable by the California Attorney General on July 1, 2020, along with related regulations which came into force on August 14, 2020. The CCPA creates individual privacy rights for California residents and increases the privacy and security obligations of businesses handling personal data. The CCPA is enforceable by the California Attorney General and there is also a private right of action relating to certain data security incidents. The CCPA generally requires covered businesses to, among other things, provide new disclosures to California consumers and afford California consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information, a concept that is defined broadly, and although formal guidance has not been issued, behavioral advertising is believed to be a sale under CCPA by us, consumer advocacy groups and in some cases our larger competitors. We cannot yet fully predict the impact of the CCPA or subsequent guidance on our business or operations, but it may require us to further modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. Decreased availability and increased costs of information could adversely affect our ability to meet our customers requirements and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, a California ballot initiative, the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA ), imposes additional data protection obligations on companies doing business in California, including additional consumer rights processes and opt-outs for certain uses of sensitive data and sharing of personal data starting on January 1, 2023. The effects of the CCPA and CPRA are potentially significant and may require us to modify our data collection or processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply and increase our potential exposure to regulatory enforcement and/or litigation. 
 The CCPA has encouraged copycat laws and in other states across the country. For example, in March 2020, Virginia passed the Consumer Data Protection Act (the CDPA which took effect in January 2023. The CDPA is enforceable by the Virginia Attorney General and creates individual privacy rights for Virginia residents and increases the privacy obligations of businesses handling sensitive personal data. In July 2021, Colorado passed the Colorado Privacy Act (the CPA which takes effect in July 2023. The CPA is enforceable by the Colorado Attorney General and also creates individual privacy rights for Colorado residents and increases the privacy obligations of business handling personal data. We cannot yet fully predict the impact of such state laws or subsequent guidance on our business or operations, but it may require us to further modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. Other proposed legislation may add additional complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions, and potential legal risk, require additional investment in resources to compliance programs, and could impact strategies and availability of previously useful data and could result in increased compliance costs and/or changes in business practices and policies. Similar laws have also been enacted by Utah and Connecticut, and numerous other U.S. states in which we operate and the U.S. federal government are also considering privacy legislation. 
 In Europe, the GDPR took effect on May 25, 2018 and applies to products and services that we provide in Europe, as well as the processing of personal data of EU citizens, wherever that processing occurs. The GDPR includes operational requirements for companies that receive or process personal data of residents of the European Union that are different than those that were in place in the European Union. For example, we have been required to offer new controls to data subjects in Europe before processing data for certain aspects of our service. Failure to comply with GDPR may result in significant penalties for non-compliance of up to the greater of 20 million or 4 of an enterprise s global annual revenue. In addition to the foregoing, a breach of the GDPR could result in regulatory investigations, reputational damage, orders to cease/ change our processing of our data, enforcement notices, and/ or assessment notices (for a compulsory audit). We may also face civil claims including representative actions and other class action type litigation (where individuals have suffered harm), potentially amounting to significant compensation or damages liabilities, as well as associated costs, diversion of internal resources, and reputational harm. 
 Further, in the European Union, regulators are increasingly focusing on compliance with requirements in the online behavioral advertising ecosystem, and current national laws that implement the ePrivacy Directive will be replaced by an EU Regulation, known as the ePrivacy Regulation, which will significantly increase fines for non-compliance and impose burdensome requirements around obtaining consent. While the text of the ePrivacy Regulation is still under development, a recent European court decision and regulators recent guidance are driving increased attention to cookies and tracking technologies. As regulators start to enforce the strict approach (which has already begun to occur in Germany, where data protection authorities have initiated a probe on third-party cookies), this could lead to substantial costs, require significant systems changes, limit the effectiveness of our marketing activities, divert the attention of our technology personnel, adversely affect our margins, increase costs, and subject us to additional liabilities. 
 In addition, some countries are considering or have passed legislation implementing data protection requirements or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar requirements that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services, including Brazil, Thailand, and Japan. Any failure to achieve required data protection standards (which are not currently clear when applied to the online advertising ecosystem) may result in lawsuits, regulatory fines, or other actions or liability, all of which may harm our results of operations. Because the interpretation and application of privacy and data protection laws such as the CCPA and GDPR, and the related regulations and standards, are uncertain, it is possible that these laws, regulations and standards may be interpreted and applied in manners that are, or are asserted to be, inconsistent with our data management practices or the technological features of our solutions. 
 We are also subject to laws and regulations that dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we can transfer, process and/or receive certain data that is critical to our operations, including data shared between countries or regions in which we operate and data shared among our products and services. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 We are also subject to regulation with respect to political advertising activities, which are governed by various federal and state laws in the United States, and national and provincial laws worldwide. Online political advertising laws are rapidly evolving and our publishers may impose restrictions on receiving political advertising. The lack of uniformity and increasing compliance requirements around political advertising may adversely impact the amount of political advertising spent through our platform, increase our operating and compliance costs, and subject us to potential liability from regulatory agencies. 
 In addition to government regulation, privacy advocacy and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that either legally or contractually apply to us or our customers. We are members of self-regulatory bodies that impose additional requirements related to the collection, use, and disclosure of consumer data. Under the requirements of these self-regulatory bodies, in addition to other compliance obligations, we are obligated to provide consumers with notice about our use of cookies and other technologies to collect consumer data and of our collection and use of consumer data for certain purposes, and to provide consumers with certain choices relating to the use of consumer data. Some of these self-regulatory bodies have the ability to discipline members or participants, which could result in fines, penalties, and/or public censure (which could in turn cause reputational harm). Additionally, some of these self-regulatory bodies might refer violations of their requirements to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission or other regulatory bodies. If we were to be found responsible for such a violation, it could adversely affect our reputation, as well as our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our failure or the failure of third parties to protect our sites, networks and systems against security breaches, or otherwise to protect our confidential information, could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and operating results. 
 We collect, maintain, transmit and store data about consumers, employees, partners and others, including personally identifiable information, as well as other confidential information. 
 We also engage third parties that store, process and transmit these types of information on our behalf. We rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties in an effort to securely transmit confidential and sensitive information, including payment information. Advances in computer capabilities, new technological discoveries or other developments may result in the whole or partial failure of this technology to protect transaction data or other confidential and sensitive information from being breached or compromised. In addition, ecommerce websites are often attacked through compromised credentials, including those obtained through phishing and credential stuffing. Our security measures, and those of our third-party service providers, might not detect or prevent all attempts to breach our systems, denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, social engineering, security breaches, ransomware, credential stuffing attacks or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored in or transmitted by our websites, networks and systems or that we or such third parties otherwise maintain, including payment card systems, which may subject us to fines or higher transaction fees or limit or terminate our access to certain payment methods. We and such third parties might not anticipate or prevent all types of attacks until after they have already been launched. Further, techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and might not be known until launched against us or our third-party service providers. In addition, security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent breaches by our employees or by third parties. These risks may increase over time as the complexity and number of technical systems and applications we use also increases. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Breaches of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers or cyber security incidents could result in unauthorized access to our mobile applications, sites, networks and systems; unauthorized access to and misappropriation of data and customer information, including customers personally identifiable information, or other confidential or proprietary information of ourselves or third parties; viruses, worms, spyware or other malware being served from our mobile applications, sites, networks or systems; deletion or modification of content or the display of unauthorized content on our mobile applications or sites; interruption, disruption or malfunction of operations; costs relating to breach remediation, deployment of additional personnel and protection technologies, response to governmental investigations and media inquiries and coverage; engagement of third-party experts and consultants; litigation; regulatory action; and other potential liabilities. In the future, we may experience social engineering, phishing, malware and similar attacks and threats of denial-of-service attacks and such attacks could have a material adverse effect on our operations. If any of these breaches of security should occur, our reputation and brand could be damaged, our business may suffer, we could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate problems caused by such breaches, and we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation or regulatory action and possible liability. We cannot guarantee that recovery protocols and backup systems will be sufficient to prevent data loss. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees and engage third-party experts and consultants. In addition, any party who is able to illicitly obtain a user s password could access the user s transaction data or personal information, resulting in the perception that our systems are insecure. 
 Many U.S. and foreign laws and regulations require companies to provide notice of data security breaches and/or incidents involving certain types of personal data to individuals, the media, government authorities or other third parties. In addition, some of our customers contractually require notification of data security breaches. Any compromise or breach of our security measures, or those of our third-party service providers, could cause significant legal and financial exposure, adverse publicity and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. There can be no assurance that any limitations of liability provisions in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim arising from a cyber incident. We also cannot be sure that our existing cyber insurance coverage, general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors or omissions will fully cover such incident, continue to be available on acceptable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. One or more large, successful claims against us in excess of our available insurance coverage, or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Legal uncertainty and industry unpreparedness for new regulations may mean substantial disruption and inefficiency, demand constraints, and reduced inventory supply and value. 
 Some of our publishers may be unprepared to comply with evolving regulatory guidance under the CCPA, CPRA, GDPR, CDPA or other new regulations, and may therefore remove personal data from their inventory before passing it into the bid stream, at least temporarily. This may lower their inventory, resulting in loss of ad spend and revenue for us. Further, since we do not have direct relationships with end users, we rely on publishers to obtain such consents as required. While we can and do provide training and guidance on compliance, the nature of the ecosystem and technology does not support 100 verification that consent from end users has been obtained, when required, and we may unknowingly pass on consumer personal information when we should not be. This exposes us to potential regulatory scrutiny, investigations, fines, penalties, and other legal and financial exposure. Additionally, privacy and data protection laws are evolving, and it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our safeguards and practices that could result in fines, lawsuits and other penalties, and significant changes to our publishers business practices and inventory. Even well-prepared publishers and buyers may be confronted with difficult choices and administrative and technical hurdles as they implement their compliance programs and integrate with multiple other parties in the ecosystem. Further, compliance program design and implementation will be an ongoing process as understanding of the CCPA, GDPR, or other new regulations increase and industry compliance standards evolve. The resulting process friction could result in substantial inefficiency and loss of inventory and demand, as well as increased burdens upon our organization as we seek to assist customers and adapt our own technology and processes as necessary to comply with the law and adapt to industry practice. The uncertain regulatory environment caused by the CCPA, GDPR, or other new regulations may disadvantage us in comparison to large, integrated competitors such as Google and Facebook, which have greater compliance resources and can take advantage of their direct relationships with end users to secure consents from end users. Changes in the business practices of such large integrated competitors could impose additional requirements with respect to the retention and security of our handling or ability to handle customer and end user data, could limit our marketing and core business activities, and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Recent rulings from the Court of Justice of the European Union invalidated the EU-US Privacy Shield as a lawful means for transferring personal data from the European Union to the United States; this introduces increased uncertainty and may require us to change our EU data practices and/or rely on an alternative legally sufficient compliance measure. 
 The GDPR generally prohibits the transfer of personal data of EU subjects outside of the European Union, unless a lawful data transfer solution has been implemented or a data transfer derogation applies. On July 16, 2020, in a case known as Schrems II, the Court of Justice of the European Union (the CJEU ruled on the validity of two of the primary data transfer solutions. The first method, EU-US Privacy Shield operated by the U.S. Department of Commerce, was declared invalid as a legal mechanism to transfer data from Europe to the United States. As a result, despite the fact that we have certified our compliance to the EU-US Privacy Shield, our customers may no longer rely on this mechanism as a lawful means to transfer European data to us in the United States. 
 In October 2022, the Biden administration negotiated new privacy shield terms with EU regulators, and signed an Executive Order in October 2022 directing the steps the United States will take to implement its commitments to the EU/US data privacy framework. The new proposed Privacy Shield terms are subject to further review by the European Commission or EC and member states. Max Schrems, who brought the lawsuit which resulted in the invalidation of Privacy Shield in 2020, has indicated that he will legally challenge these newly proposed Privacy Shield terms. 
 The second mechanism, Standard Contractual Clauses SCCs ), an alternative transfer measure that we also offer to our EU customers for extra-EU data transfers, was upheld as a valid legal mechanism for transnational data transfer. However, the ruling requires that European organizations seeking to rely on the SCCs to export data out of the European Union ensure the data is protected to a standard that is essentially equivalent to that in the European Union including, where necessary, by taking supplementary measures to protect the data. It remains unclear what supplementary measures must be taken to allow the lawful transfer of personal data to the United States, and it is possible that EU data protection authorities may determine that there are no supplementary measures that can legitimize EU-US data transfers. For the time being, we will rely on SCCs for EU-US transfers of EU personal data and explore what supplementary measures can implemented to protect EU personal data that is transferred to us in the United States. SCCs also contemplate data received from a third party, but may not cover data that is collected directly on behalf of a third party. In June 2021, the European Commission issued updated Standard Contractual Clauses New SCCs that require additional information for transnational data transfers. New agreements must incorporate the New SCCs effective September 27, 2021 and existing agreements must incorporate the New SCCs by December 27, 2022. It remains unclear whether SCCs or New SCCs can cover our use of cookies and other tracking technologies placed directly on consumer s browsers or devices through our publishers or buyers websites. 
 We may also need to restructure our data export practices as a result of Brexit. European Union law may cease to apply to the United Kingdom. This means that data may not be able to flow freely between the European Union and the United Kingdom, and our United Kingdom subsidiaries may need to enter into SCCs and adopt supplementary measures both with customers and other group entities or enter into New SSCs, in order to ensure the continuing flow of data to and from the United Kingdom subsidiary. We would likely need to restructure our transfers of European data via another European subsidiary and have such entity enter into the SCCs or New SCCs with other group entities and implement supplementary measures to ensure the continuing flow of data from the European Union to the United States. In the event that use of the SCCs or New SSCs is subsequently invalidated as a solution for data transfers to the United States, or there are additional changes to the data protection regime in the European Union resulting in any inability to transfer personal data from the European Union to the United States in compliance with data protection laws, European customers may be more inclined to work with businesses that do not rely on such compliance mechanisms to ensure legal and regulatory compliance, such as EU-based companies or other competitors that do not need to transfer personal data to the United States in order to avoid the above-identified risks and legal issues. Such changes could cause us to incur penalties under GDPR and could increase the cost and complexity of operating our business. 
 Failure to comply with industry self-regulation could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 In addition to complying with government regulations, we participate in trade associations and industry self-regulatory groups that promote best practices or codes of conduct addressing privacy. For example, we have undertaken to comply with industry codes of conduct in the United States and Europe. On our website, we offer consumers the ability to opt out of receiving advertisements based on cookies or other technologies. If we encounter difficulties implementing such guidelines, or our opt-out mechanisms fail to work as designed, we may experience negative publicity and be the subject of investigations or litigation. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Any representations that we make regarding our adherence to self-regulatory standards could result in regulatory action if we fail to meet them. Any such action against us could be costly and time consuming, require us to change our business practices, cause us to divert management s attention and our resources, and be damaging to our reputation and our business. New self-regulatory guidelines that are inconsistent with our practices or in conflict with applicable laws and regulations in the United States and other countries where we do business could arise. If we fail to abide by or are perceived as not operating in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and industry best practices or any industry guidelines or codes with regard to privacy or the provision of Internet advertising, our reputation may suffer and we could lose relationships with our publishers or others. 
 In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates, and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that may apply to us, and are constantly evolving in the United States, European Union, and other countries. Because the interpretation and application of privacy and data protection laws, regulations, rules, and other standards are still uncertain, it is possible that these laws, rules, regulations, and other actual or alleged legal obligations, such as contractual or self-regulatory obligations, may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the functionality of our platform. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits, and other claims, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our software, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We are subject to governmental economic sanctions requirements and export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to civil or criminal liability. 
 We are subject to various U.S. export control and trade and economic sanctions laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations and the various sanctions programs administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control (collectively, Trade Controls ). U.S. Trade Controls may prohibit the shipment of specified products and services to certain countries, governments, and persons. Although we endeavor to conduct our business in compliance with Trade Controls, our failure to successfully comply may expose us to negative legal and business consequences, including civil or criminal penalties, governmental investigations, and reputational harm. 
 Furthermore, if we export our technology or software, the exports may require authorizations, including a license, a license exception, or other appropriate government authorization or regulatory requirements. Complying with Trade Controls may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of opportunities. 
 In addition, various countries regulate the import of encryption technology, including the imposition of import permitting and licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to offer our platform or could limit our customers ability to use our platform in those countries. Changes in our platform or future changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the introduction of our platform in international markets or prevent our customers with international operations from deploying our platform globally. Any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions or related legislation, or change in the countries, governments, persons, or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our platform by, or in our decreased ability to export our technology and services to, existing or potential customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our platform or limitation on our ability to export our platform could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 Our intellectual property rights may be difficult to enforce and protect, which could enable others to copy or use aspects of our technology without compensating us, thereby eroding our competitive advantages and having an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 We rely upon a combination of trade secrets, third-party confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements, additional contractual restrictions on disclosure and use, and trademark, copyright, patent, and other intellectual property laws to establish and protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights. We currently rely on copyright laws to protect computer programs related to our platform and our proprietary technologies, although to date we have not registered for statutory copyright protection. In order to bring a copyright infringement lawsuit in the United States, the copyright must be registered. Accordingly, the remedies and damages available to us for unauthorized use of our software may be limited. Historically, we have prioritized keeping our technology architecture, trade secrets, and engineering roadmap private, and as a general matter, have not patented our proprietary technology. As a result, we cannot look to patent enforcement rights to protect much of our proprietary technology. Any issued patents may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, and any rights granted under these patents may not actually provide adequate defensive protection or competitive advantages to us. Additionally, the process of obtaining patent protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 While it is our policy to protect and defend our rights to our intellectual property, we cannot predict whether steps taken by us to protect our intellectual property will be adequate to prevent infringement, misappropriation, dilution, or other violations of our intellectual property rights. Third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our intellectual property rights, third parties may challenge intellectual property rights held by us, and pending and future trademark and patent applications may not be approved. These claims may result in restrictions on our use of our intellectual property or the conduct of our business. In any of these cases, we may be required to expend significant time and expense to prevent infringement or to enforce our rights. 
 We also cannot guarantee that others will not independently develop technology with the same or similar functions to any proprietary technology we rely on to conduct our business and differentiate ourselves from our competitors. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to copy or obtain and use our technology to develop applications with the same functionality as our solutions, and policing unauthorized use of our technology and intellectual property rights is difficult and may not be effective. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those of the United States, and mechanisms for enforcement of our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights (including in particular, the proprietary aspects of our platform) we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who have not incurred the same level of expense, time and effort to create, and protect their intellectual property. 
 Our customer agreements generally restrict the use of our confidential information solely to such customer s use in connection with its use of our services. In spite of such limitations, reverse engineering our software or the theft or misuse of our confidential information could occur by customers or other third parties who have access to our technology. 
 We also endeavor to enter into agreements with our employees and contractors in order to limit access to and disclosure of our confidential information, as well as to clarify rights to intellectual property and technology associated with our business. These agreements may not effectively grant all necessary rights to any inventions that may have been developed by the employees or consultants party thereto. In addition, these agreements may not effectively prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property or technology and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property, or technology. Furthermore, protecting our intellectual property is particularly challenging after our employees or our contractors end their relationship with us, and, in some cases, decide to work for our competitors. Enforceability of the non-compete agreements that we have in place is not guaranteed, and contractual restrictions could be breached without discovery or adequate remedies. 
 We may be subject to intellectual property rights claims by third parties, which are costly to defend, could require us to pay significant damages and could limit our ability to use technology or intellectual property. 
 We operate in an industry with extensive intellectual property litigation. There is a risk that our business, platform, and services may infringe or be alleged to infringe the trademarks, copyrights, patents, and other intellectual property rights of third parties, including patents held by our competitors or by non-practicing entities. We could be subject to third parties claims if our publishers or buyers do not have sufficient rights to the content, technology, data, or other material associated with an ad impression that they provide, or if it infringes or is alleged to infringe the intellectual property rights of such parties. We may also face allegations that our employees have misappropriated or divulged the intellectual property of their former employers or other third parties. Regardless of whether claims that we are infringing patents or other intellectual property rights have any merit, the claims are time consuming, divert management attention and financial resources and are costly to evaluate and defend. Some of our competitors have substantially greater resources than we do and are able to sustain the cost of complex intellectual property litigation to a greater extent and for longer periods of time than we could. Results of these litigation matters are difficult to predict and may require us to stop offering some features, purchase licenses, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all, or modify our technology or our platform while we develop non-infringing substitutes, or incur significant settlement costs. Any of these events could adversely affect on business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on licenses to use the intellectual property rights of third parties to conduct our business. 
 We rely on products, technologies, and intellectual property that we license from third parties, for use in operating our business. We cannot assure you that these third-party licenses, or support for such licensed products and technologies, will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. We cannot be certain that our licensors are not infringing the intellectual property rights of others or that our suppliers and licensors have sufficient rights to the technology in all jurisdictions in which we may operate. Some of our license agreements may be terminated by our licensors for convenience. If we are unable to obtain or maintain rights to any of this technology because of intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties against our suppliers and licensors or against us, or if we are unable to continue to obtain the technology or enter into new agreements on commercially reasonable terms, our ability to operate and expand our business could be adversely affected. 
 Our platform relies on third-party open source software components. Failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could expose us to liabilities, and the combination of open source software with code that we develop could compromise the proprietary nature of our platform. 
 Our platform utilizes software licensed to us by third-party authors under open source licenses and we expect to continue to utilize open source software in the future. The use of open source software may entail greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. To the extent that our platform depends upon the successful operation of the open source software we use, any undetected errors or defects in this open source software could prevent the deployment or impair the functionality of our platform, delay new solutions introductions, result in a failure of our platform, and injure our reputation. For example, undetected errors or defects in open source software could render it vulnerable to breaches or security attacks, and, in conjunction, make our systems more vulnerable to data breaches. Furthermore, some open source licenses contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the type of open source software we use. If we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a specific manner, we could, under some open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar solutions with lower development effort and time and ultimately put us at a competitive disadvantage. 
 Although we monitor our use of open source software to avoid subjecting our platform to conditions we do not intend, we cannot assure you that our processes for controlling our use of open source software in our platform will be effective. If we are held to have breached the terms of an open source software license, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties to continue operating using our solution on terms that are not economically feasible, to re-engineer our solution or the supporting computational infrastructure to discontinue use of code, or to make generally available, in source code form, portions of our proprietary code. 
 Risks Related to Financial and Accounting Matters 
 If we fail to maintain effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements and other disclosures on a timely basis could be impaired. 
 We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 This assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting, as well as a statement that our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires our independent registered public accounting firm to annually attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which requires increased costs, expenses, and management resources. An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls could detect problems that our management s assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal controls could lead us to restate our financial statements, which could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock, and result in additional costs to remediate such material weaknesses. We are required to disclose changes made in our internal control and procedures on a quarterly basis. To comply with the requirements of being a public company, we may need to undertake various actions, such as implementing new internal controls and procedures and hiring accounting or internal audit staff. 
 Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our consolidated financial statements for prior periods. 
 Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we are required to include in our periodic reports that are filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on the Nasdaq Global Market. 
 In addition to our results determined in accordance with GAAP, we believe certain non-GAAP measures and key metrics may be useful in evaluating our operating performance. We present certain non-GAAP financial measures and key metrics in this report and intend to continue to present certain non-GAAP financial measures and key metrics in future filings with the SEC and other public statements. Any failure to accurately report and present our non-GAAP financial measures and key metrics could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our credit agreement contains operating and financial covenants that may restrict our business and financing activities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding borrowings under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank SVB ). Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of our assets, The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties as well as customary affirmative and negative covenants. Negative covenants include, among others, limitations on incurrence of, indebtedness, liens, dispositions of property and investments by us and our subsidiaries. In addition, the Credit Agreement requires us to maintain certain interest coverage, leverage and senior leverage ratios. The operating and financial restrictions and covenants in the Credit Agreement, as well as any future financing arrangements that we may enter into, may restrict our ability to finance our operations, engage in, expand, or otherwise pursue our business activities and strategies. Our ability to comply with these or other covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, and future breaches of these or other covenants could result in a default under the Credit Agreement. If not waived, future defaults could cause all of the outstanding indebtedness under our Credit Agreement to become immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. 
 If we do not have or are unable to generate sufficient cash to repay our debt obligations when they become due and payable, either upon maturity or in the event of a default, we may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all, which may negatively impact our ability to operate and continue our business as a going concern. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Our tax liabilities may be greater than anticipated. 
 The U.S. and non-U.S. tax laws applicable to our business activities are subject to interpretation and are changing. We are subject to audit by the Internal Revenue Service and by taxing authorities of the state, local and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. Our tax obligations are based in part on our corporate operating structure, including the manner in which we develop, value, use and hold our intellectual property, the jurisdictions in which we operate, how tax authorities assess revenue-based taxes such as sales and use taxes, the scope of our international operations, and the value we ascribe to our intercompany transactions. Taxing authorities may challenge, and have challenged, our tax positions and methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements, positions regarding the collection of sales and use taxes, and the jurisdictions in which we are subject to taxes, which could expose us to additional taxes. Any adverse outcomes of such challenges to our tax positions could result in additional taxes for prior periods, interest and penalties, as well as higher future taxes. In addition, our future tax expense could increase as a result of changes in tax laws, regulations or accounting principles, or as a result of earning income in jurisdictions that have higher tax rates. For example, the European Commission has proposed, and various jurisdictions have enacted or are considering enacting laws that impose separate taxes on specified digital services, which may increase our tax obligations in such jurisdictions. Any increase in our tax expense could have a negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, the determination of our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant estimates and judgment by management, and the tax treatment of certain transactions is uncertain. Any changes, ambiguity, or uncertainty in taxing jurisdictions administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions, including the position of taxing authorities with respect to revenue generated by reference to certain digital services, could also materially impact our income tax liabilities. Although we believe we will make reasonable estimates and judgments, the ultimate outcome of any particular issue may differ from the amounts previously recorded in our financial statements and any such occurrence could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Tax changes could affect our effective tax rate and future profitability. 
 Changes in U.S. federal, state or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including those with retroactive effect, could affect our tax expense, operating results, and/or cash flows. For example, beginning in 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 Tax Act eliminated the option to immediately deduct research and development expenditures in the year incurred and required taxpayers to amortize such costs incurred in the U.S. over five years, and in foreign jurisdictions over fifteen years. Such tax law changes may have an adverse effect on our cash taxes and as a result, our operating results, financial condition, and/or cash flows. The issuance of additional guidance related to the Tax Act, or other actions by governments in the United States or globally could significantly increase our tax obligations and the effective tax rate in future periods. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 The trading price of the shares of our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be volatile and could subject us to litigation. 
 Technology stocks historically have experienced high levels of volatility. The trading price of our Class A common stock has fluctuated substantially and may continue to do so. These fluctuations could cause you to incur substantial losses, including all of your investment in our Class A common stock. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our Class A common stock, some of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operational or financial performance, include, among others, the following: 
 volatility in the market price and trading volume of technology companies in general and of companies in the digital advertising industry in particular; 
 announcements of new solutions or technologies, commercial relationships, acquisitions, or other events by us or our competitors; 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; 
 fluctuations in the trading volume of our shares or the size of our public float; 
 sales of large blocks of our common stock; actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of operations or financial projections; 
 changes in actual or future expectations of investors or securities analysts; 
 governmental or regulatory developments or actions, or litigation involving us, our industry, or both; and 
 general economic conditions and trends or catastrophic events in our domestic and foreign markets. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, if the market for technology stocks, the stock of digital advertising companies or the stock market, in general, experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, results of operations, or financial condition. The trading price of our Class A common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies in the digital advertising industry even if these events do not directly affect us. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. If litigation is instituted against us, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert management s attention and resources, and adversely affect our business. 
 Insiders have substantial control over our company, including as a result of the dual class structure of our common stock, which could limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters, including the election of directors and the approval of any change of control transaction. 
 Our Class B common stock has ten votes per share, and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. Transfers of stock by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions. As of January 31, 2023, our directors and officers, and their respective affiliates, beneficially owned in the aggregate approximately 64.1 of the voting power of our capital stock. Because of the ten-to-one voting ratio between our Class B and Class A common stock, the holders of our Class B common stock collectively will continue to control a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock and therefore be able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. This concentrated control will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval. The interests of this group of stockholders may not coincide with our interests or the interests of other stockholders. This concentration of ownership may also have the effect of deterring, delaying or preventing a change of control of our company, could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company and might ultimately affect the market price of our common stock. Having a dual-class common stock structure may make our Class A common stock less attractive to some investors, such as funds and investment companies that attempt to track the performance of any indexes that prohibit or limit the inclusion of companies with such structures. 
 Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public markets, or the perception that they might occur, could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock into the public market, particularly sales by our directors and executive officers, or the perception that these sales might occur, could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline and may make it more difficult for you to sell your common stock at a time and price that you deem appropriate. Our directors, executive officers and employees hold options and restricted stock units under our equity incentive plans, and the common stock issuable upon the exercise of such options or vesting of such restricted stock units has been registered for public resale under the Securities Act. Accordingly, these shares of common stock will be able to be freely sold in the public market upon issuance subject to certain legal and contractual requirements. 
 Our charter documents and Delaware law could discourage takeover attempts and other corporate governance changes. 
 Our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our company. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to elect directors who are not nominated by the current members of our board of directors or take other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. These provisions include: 
 a provision that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors with staggered three-year terms at such time as the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock, which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of our board; 
 the ability of our board to issue shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 
 a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent effective upon such time as the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock; 
 the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board, our chief executive officer, our lead director, or a majority of our board; 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 the requirement for the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66-2/3 of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of the voting stock, voting together as a single class, to amend provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation or our restated bylaws; 
 the ability of our board to amend the bylaws, which may allow it to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an acquirer; 
 the requirement that stockholders submitting notice of a nomination or proposal to be considered at an annual meeting of our stockholders must have continuously beneficially owned at least 1 of our outstanding common stock for a period of one year before giving such notice; 
 advance notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to our board or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting; and 
 the dual class common stock structure in which holders of our Class B common stock have the ability to control the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less than a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. 
 In addition, our restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for derivative actions, actions asserting a breach of fiduciary duty, actions asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our restated certificate of incorporation or restated bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. Although we believe these provisions collectively provide for an opportunity to obtain greater value for stockholders by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board, they would apply even if an offer rejected by our board was considered beneficial by some stockholders. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We lease office and data center space in various cities across North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the immediate future and that, should it be needed, we will be able to secure additional space to accommodate expansion of our operations. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal or regulatory proceedings, lawsuits and other claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of such matters, we cannot state what the eventual outcome of such matters will be. However, based on our knowledge, we are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us due to defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, negative publicity and reputational harm, and other factors. For additional information, see Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our Class A common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market on December 9, 2020 under the symbol PUBM. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our Class A common stock. There is no public trading market for our Class B common stock. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of January 31, 2023, there were 107 holders of record of our Class A common stock and 84 holders of record of our Class B common stock. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock are held in street name by brokers and other nominees on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial owners of our Class A common stock represented by these holders of record. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation of our business and do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, general business conditions, and other factors that our board may deem relevant. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The information required by this item will be included in our proxy statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed by us with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of ours under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on an initial investment of 100 in our Class A common stock between December 9, 2020 (the date our Class A common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Market) through December 31, 2022, with the comparative cumulative total returns of the Nasdaq Composite Index, the Nasdaq US Benchmark Software and Computer Services TR Index and the Nasdaq CTA Internet Total Return Index over the same period. The graph uses the closing market price on December 9, 2020 of 29.45 per share as the initial value of our Class A common stock. We have not paid any cash dividends: therefore, the cumulative total return calculation for us is based solely upon stock price appreciation and not the reinvestment of cash dividends, whereas the data for the comparative indexes assumes reinvestments of dividends. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future stock price performance. 
 
 Use of Proceeds 
 Our initial public offering of our Class A common stock was effected pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-250077), which was declared effective by the SEC on December 8, 2020. 
 There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the initial public offering as described in our final prospectus dated December 8, 2020 (the Prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview 
 We are an independent technology company seeking to maximize customer value by delivering digital advertising s supply chain of the future. Our sell-side platform empowers the world s leading digital content creators across the open internet to control access to their inventory and increase monetization by enabling marketers to drive ROI and reach addressable audiences across ad formats and devices. Since 2006, our infrastructure-driven approach has allowed for the efficient processing and utilization of data in real time. By delivering scalable and flexible programmatic innovation, we improve outcomes for our customers while championing a vibrant and transparent digital advertising supply chain. 
 Our specialized cloud infrastructure platform provides superior monetization for publishers by increasing the value of an impression and providing incremental demand through our deep and growing relationships with buyers. We are aligned with our publisher and app developer partners by being independent. We do not own media and therefore do not have a vested interest in driving ad revenue to specific media properties. Our global platform is omnichannel, supporting a wide array of ad formats and digital device types, including mobile app, mobile web, desktop, display, video, OTT, CTV, and rich media. 
 In December 2022, our platform efficiently processed approximately 524 billion ad impressions daily, each in a fraction of a second, and 7.4 petabytes of data every day. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we added approximately 200 net new publishing partners. As of December 31, 2022, we served approximately 1,650 publishers and app developers representing over 92,000 individual domains and apps worldwide on our platform across a diverse group of content verticals such as news, e-commerce, gaming, media, weather, fashion, technology, and more, including many of the leading digital companies such as Yahoo, formerly Verizon Media Group, and News Corp. We have demonstrated that we can retain revenues from our publisher customers, as evidenced by our net dollar-based retention rate of 108 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 149 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 We generate revenue from publishers primarily through revenue share agreements, generally one-year contracts that renew automatically for successive one-year periods, unless terminated prior to renewal. We primarily work with publishers and app developers who allow us direct access to their ad inventory, as well as select channel partners that meet our quality and scale thresholds. We refer to our publishers, app developers, and channel partners collectively as our publishers. 
 We enter into written service agreements with our DSP buyers that allow them to use our platform to buy ad inventory, but we earn revenue from our publishers. Our platform service agreements with DSPs generally have one-year terms that renew automatically for successive one-year periods, unless terminated prior to renewal. We also negotiate SPO agreements with agencies and advertisers that encourage these buyers to spend a higher share of their advertising budgets on our platform. SPO agreements typically have a one-year term and renewal terms are generally discussed one quarter prior to a new term. The effect of these SPO agreements is to increase the volume of ad spend on our platform without corresponding increases in technology costs. 
 On September 16, 2022, we acquired all outstanding stock of ConsultMates, Inc. (dba Martin ), a media measurement and reporting platform, for 30.8 million. The acquisition is in response to growing demand from our buy-side customers for enhanced tools to take advantage of our global omnichannel inventory, including market-leading addressability solutions and innovative technology to enable supply path optimization. Our consolidated results of operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, including the operating results of Martin from the date of acquisition. For additional information, see Note 7, Business Combination to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, mobile (including mobile video) and video (including OTT/CTV) combined comprised approximately 74 of our revenue. We anticipate mobile to continue increasing as a percentage of our total impressions and revenue in the future. We further expect video to constitute an increasingly important component of our business. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 COVID-19 and Macroeconomic Factors 
 Ongoing interest rate increases, foreign currency fluctuation and persistent inflation in the U.S. and other markets globally may increase the risk of economic volatility and dislocation in the capital or credit markets in the U.S. or globally. To date, we have not observed material impacts in our business or outlook, but we intend to continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions closely and may determine to take certain financial or operational actions in response to such conditions to the extent our business begins to be adversely impacted. 
 In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic and its variants resulted, and may continue to result, in a global slowdown of economic activity across a broad variety of goods and services, including those provided by certain of the advertisers on our platform. This situation could also potentially limit our ad buyers budgets or disrupt sales channels and advertising and marketing activities generally. As new variants of COVID-19 emerge and global governments take a variety of approaches to limiting its spread, these disruptive effects may continue for an unknown period of time, with varied effects across markets. 
 Although our revenue subsequently returned to growth, the impact of the pandemic on our future growth and our results of operations is unknown and we are unable to accurately predict the future impact. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance will depend on a variety of factors, including the duration and spread of the virus, including new variants, and its impact on our publishers, ad buyers, industry, and employees, all of which are uncertain at this time and cannot be accurately predicted. 
 See Risk Factors for further discussion of the risks related to inflation, rising interest rates, foreign currency fluctuations and the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. 
 Financial Results Overview 
 The table below summarizes the financial highlights of our business: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Revenue 256,380 226,908 148,748 Operating income 
 40,520 58,789 31,755 Net income 
 28,705 56,604 26,613 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 97,978 96,250 50,349 Net cash provided by operating activities 87,212 88,681 24,330 
 _______________ 
 (1) For a definition of Adjusted EBITDA, an explanation of our management s use of this measure, and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 We believe our growth and financial performance are dependent on many factors, including those described below. 
 Growing access to valuable ad impressions 
 Our recent growth has been driven by a variety of factors including increased access to mobile web (display and video) and mobile app (display and video) impressions and desktop video impressions. Our performance is affected by our ability to maintain and grow our access to valuable ad impressions from current publishers as well as through new relationships with publishers. The number of ad impressions processed on our platform was approximately 18.5 trillion, 20.2 trillion, 23.9 trillion, 29.6 trillion, 32.6 trillion, 36.2 trillion, 42.1 trillion and 48.2 trillion, for each of the three months ended March 31, 2021, June 30, 2021, September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2021, March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022, and December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Monetizing ad impressions for publishers and buyers 
 We focus on monetizing digital impressions by coordinating daily over a hundred billion real-time auctions and nearly a trillion bids globally, using our specialized cloud software, machine learning algorithms, and scaled transaction infrastructure. Valuable ad impressions are transparent and data rich, viewable by humans, and verifiable. Each ad impression we auction consists of 493 independent data parameters, which can yield valuable insights if recorded and analyzed properly. This processing of voluminous data for each ad impression must occur in less than half a second as consumers expect a seamless digital ad experience. By deploying our specialized software and hardware and continuously optimizing our machine learning algorithms, we are able to derive superior outcomes by increasing advertiser ROI and publisher revenue, while increasing the cost efficiency of our platform and our customers businesses. We continually assess impressions from new and existing publishers through a rigorous validation process. We add or remove impressions from our platform based on an assessment of the projected value of the impressions, which is influenced by the type of publisher and its related consumers, as well as the potential volume of monetizable impressions and ad format types, such as digital video. We continuously create and iterate algorithms that leverage vast datasets flowing through our infrastructure to improve the liquidity in our marketplace. Our ability to drive successful outcomes in the real-time auction process on behalf of our publishers and buyers will affect our operating results. 
 Identifying valuable ad impressions that we can profitably monetize at scale 
 We continuously review our available inventory from existing publishers across every format (mobile, desktop, digital video, OTT, CTV, and rich media). The factors we consider to determine which impressions we process include transparency, viewability, and whether or not the impression is human sourced. By consistently applying these criteria, we believe that the ad impressions we process will be valuable and marketable to advertisers. In addition, using a combination of proprietary analysis driven by machine learning algorithms that are continuously updated along with specialized third-party tools, we aim to exclude low value impressions from our platform and, in some cases, may suspend certain publishers, or particular publisher sites and apps, from using our platform if they do not meet our standards. Our confidence in our ability to achieve our quality goals is backed by a fraud-free guarantee to all of our buyers which we introduced in 2017. We believe that this rigorous commitment to quality helps us maintain our reputation as a leader in the programmatic advertising ecosystem. Our financial performance depends in part on how efficiently and effectively we can conduct these activities at scale. 
 Increasing revenue from publishers and advertising spend from buyers 
 We leverage our extensive platform capabilities and the subject matter expertise of our team members to grow revenue from our publishers and increase advertising spending from our buyers. Our sales and marketing team includes customer success pods to enhance customer knowledge and implementation of best practices. Once we onboard a new customer, we seek to expand our relationship with existing publishers by establishing multiple header bidding integrations by leveraging our omnichannel capabilities to maximize our access to publishers ad formats and devices, and expanding into the various properties that a publisher may own around the world. We may also up-sell additional products to publisher customers including our header bidding management, identity, and audience solutions. We automate workflow processes whenever feasible to drive predictable and value-added outcomes for our customers and increase productivity of our organization. 
 Net dollar-based retention rate is an important indicator of publisher satisfaction and usage of our platform, as well as potential revenue for future periods. We calculate our net dollar-based retention rate at the end of each year. We calculate our net dollar-based retention rate by starting with the revenue from publishers in the last prior year Prior Period Revenue ). We then calculate the revenue from these same publishers in the current year Current Period Revenue ). Current Period Revenue includes any upsells and is net of contraction or attrition, but excludes revenue from new publishers. 
 Our net dollar-based retention rate equals the Current Period Revenue divided by Prior Period Revenue. Our net dollar-based retention rate was 108 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 149 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our growth in the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was primarily attributable to an increase in the number of ad impressions processed from our publishers, upselling additional products, penetration of header bidding for mobile app and digital video, and increased demand from the growth of our buyer relationships primarily through SPO agreements. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 We work with DSPs to help them reduce their costs and improve advertiser ROI, which in turn makes us the specialized cloud infrastructure platform of choice for many of our buying partners. As buyers increasingly consolidate their spending with fewer larger technology platforms, we seek to bring an increased proportion of their digital ad spending to our platform through direct deals. We have entered into SPO agreements directly with buyers, advertisers and agencies through various arrangements ranging from custom data and workflow integrations, product features, and volume-based business terms. The effect of these SPO agreements is to increase the volume of ad spend on our platform without corresponding increases in technology costs. 
 Managing industry dynamics 
 We operate in the rapidly evolving digital advertising industry. Due to the scale and complexity of the digital advertising ecosystem, direct sales via manual, person-to-person processes are insufficient for delivering a real-time, personalized ad experience, creating the need for programmatic advertising. In turn, advances in programmatic technologies have enabled publishers to auction their ad inventory to more buyers, simultaneously, and in real time through a process referred to as header bidding. Header bidding has also provided advertisers with transparent access to ad impressions. As advertisers keep pace with ongoing changes in the way that consumers view and interact with digital media there will be further innovation and we anticipate that header bidding will be extended into new areas such as OTT/CTV. We believe our focus on publishers and buyers has allowed us to understand their needs and our ongoing innovation has enabled us to quickly adapt to changes in the industry, develop new solutions and do so cost effectively. Our performance depends on our ability to keep pace with industry changes such as header bidding and the evolving needs of our publishers and buyers while continuing our cost efficiency. 
 Expanding and managing investments 
 We make software and hardware infrastructure investment decisions to meet expected increases in ad impressions on both a global and regional data center level throughout the calendar year based on the projected quantity, ad format type, and associated data requirements. In parallel, we seek to continuously improve our infrastructure utilization. Our ability to identify and monetize high value impressions allows us to operate more efficiently because the cost of processing low-value impressions and high-value impressions are approximately the same. We believe that increasing utilization of our platform leads to improved outcomes for our customers and more efficient and effective operations for us. To achieve improved utilization, we leverage the data on our platform through extensive application of artificial intelligence technologies, including machine learning and natural language processing. The magnitude and timing of our investments in our software and hardware may lead to fluctuations in our operating results. 
 Expanding internationally 
 We plan to continue expanding our international presence and making additional investments in sales and marketing and infrastructure to support our long-term growth and to position ourselves for expected increases in the penetration of programmatic advertising globally. We expect programmatic advertising to grow at different rates in different geographic markets. Our publishers outside of the United States typically have smaller amounts of programmatic inventory, and as a result, our sales and marketing expenses associated with non-U.S. publishers are generally proportionally higher. We are constantly evaluating new markets with a strategy to use our existing infrastructure and adjacent sales offices, or by expanding our infrastructure footprint and placing personnel directly in those markets. Our ability to efficiently expand into new markets will affect our operating results. 
 Managing Seasonality 
 The global advertising industry experiences seasonal trends that affect the vast majority of participants in the digital advertising ecosystem. Most notably, advertisers have historically spent relatively more in the fourth quarter of the calendar year to coincide with the holiday shopping season, and relatively less in the first quarter. We expect seasonality trends to continue, and our ability to manage our resources in anticipation of these trends will affect our operating results. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Key Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue from publishers who use our platform. Our platform allows publishers to sell, in real time, customized ad inventory to buyers and provides automated inventory management and monetization tools to publishers across various device types and digital ad formats. We generate revenue primarily through fees charged to our publishers, which are generally a percentage of the value of the advertising impressions that publishers monetize on the platform. We report revenue on a net basis. This represents gross billings to buyers, net of amounts we pay publishers. We record our accounts receivable at the amount of gross billings to buyers, net of allowances, for the amounts we are responsible to collect, and we record our accounts payable at the net amount payable to publishers. Accordingly, both accounts receivable and accounts payable appear large in relation to revenue, which is reported on a net basis. 
 Our revenue recognition policies are discussed in more detail under Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue consists of data center co-location costs, depreciation expense related to hardware supporting our platform, amortization expense related to capitalized internal use software development costs, personnel costs, and allocated facilities costs. Personnel costs include salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation, and employee benefit costs, and are primarily attributable to our cloud operations group, which maintains our servers, and our client operations group, which is responsible for the integration of new publishers and buyers and providing customer support for existing customers. We expect cost of revenue to generally increase in absolute dollars in future periods. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Technology and Development. Technology and development expenses consist of personnel costs, including salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation, and employee benefits costs, allocated facilities costs, and professional services. These expenses include costs incurred in the development, implementation and maintenance of internal use software, including platform and related infrastructure. We expense technology and development costs as incurred, except to the extent that such costs are associated with internal use software development that qualifies for capitalization. We expect technology and development expenses to generally increase in absolute dollars in future periods. 
 Sales and Marketing. Sales and marketing expenses consist of personnel costs, including salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation, and employee benefits costs, for our employees engaged in sales, sales support, marketing, business development, and customer relationship functions. Sales and marketing expenses also include expenses related to promotional, advertising and marketing activities, allocated facilities costs, travel, and entertainment primarily related to sales activity and professional services. We expect sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars in future periods. 
 General and Administrative . General and administrative expenses consist of personnel costs, including salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation, and employee benefits costs for our executive, finance, legal, human resources, information technology, and other administrative employees. General and administrative expenses also include outside consulting, legal and accounting services, allocated facilities costs, and travel and entertainment primarily related to inter-office travel and conferences. 
 We continue to invest in corporate infrastructure and incur additional expenses associated with our operation as a public company, including increased legal and accounting costs, increased investor relations costs, higher insurance premiums, and compliance costs associated with developing the requisite infrastructure required for internal controls. As a result, we continue to expect general and administrative expenses to increase in absolute dollars in future periods. 
 Total Other Income (expense), Net 
 Total other income (expense), net consists of interest income, unrealized gain (loss) on equity investment and other income (expense), net. Interest income is generated by investing excess cash into money market accounts and marketable securities. Unrealized gain (loss) on equity investment consists of gains and losses on our investment in equity securities, including unrealized gains and losses from market price changes or impairment of securities we continue to hold. Other income (expense), net consists primarily of gains and losses from foreign currency exchange transactions. 
 We believe that investment gains and losses, whether realized from dispositions or unrealized from changes in market prices of equity securities, are generally meaningless in understanding our reported results or evaluating the economic performance of our businesses. These gains and losses have caused and will continue to cause significant volatility in our periodic earnings. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes consists primarily of federal, state, and foreign income taxes. Our income tax provision may be significantly affected by changes to our estimates for tax in jurisdictions in which we operate and other estimates utilized in determining the global effective tax rate. Actual results may also differ from our estimates based on changes in economic conditions. Such changes could have a substantial impact on the income tax provision. We reevaluate the judgments surrounding our estimates and make adjustments, as appropriate, each reporting period. 
 Our effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate due to state taxes, foreign tax rate differences, technology and development tax credits, Section 162(m) limitation, and stock-based compensation. 
 Realization of our deferred tax assets is dependent primarily on the generation of future taxable income. In considering the need for a valuation allowance, we consider our historical, as well as future projected, taxable income along with other objectively verifiable evidence. Objectively verifiable evidence includes our realization of tax attributes, assessment of tax credits, and utilization of net operating loss carryforwards during the year. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to our results determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), including, in particular operating income, net cash provided by operating activities, and net income, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, is useful in evaluating our operating performance. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income adjusted for stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, unrealized (gain), loss and impairment of equity investment, interest income, acquisition-related and other expenses, and provision for income taxes. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income for each of the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net income 28,705 56,604 26,613 Add back (deduct): Stock-based compensation 20,646 14,107 3,563 Depreciation and amortization 34,249 23,073 15,743 Unrealized (gain), loss and impairment of equity investment 5,948 (5,433) Interest income (2,214) (300) (537) Acquisition-related and other expenses (1) 
 1,882 Provision for income taxes 8,762 8,199 4,967 Adjusted EBITDA 97,978 96,250 50,349 
 _______________ 
 (1) We exclude acquisition-related and other expenses incurred in connection with our acquisition of Martin from Adjusted EBITDA because we do not believe such expenses are reflective of our ongoing core operations. Acquisition-related expenses incurred in connection with our acquisition of Martin include third-party transaction costs. Other expenses incurred in connection with our acquisition of Martin include post-acquisition cash compensation arrangements for certain key acquired employees to be paid ratably over three years following the closing of the acquisition (subject to forfeiture upon termination). For additional information, see Note 7, Business Combination to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In addition to operating income and net income, we use Adjusted EBITDA as a measure of operational efficiency. We believe that this non-GAAP financial measure is useful to investors for period to period comparisons of our business and in understanding and evaluating our operating results for the following reasons: 
 Adjusted EBITDA is widely used by investors and securities analysts to measure a company s operating performance without regard to items such as stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, interest expense, provision for income taxes, and certain one-time items such as impairments of long-lived assets, that can vary substantially from company to company depending upon their financing, capital structures and the method by which assets were acquired; 
 Our management uses Adjusted EBITDA in conjunction with GAAP financial measures for planning purposes, including the preparation of our annual operating budget, as a measure of operating performance and the effectiveness of our business strategies and in communications with our board of directors concerning our financial performance; and 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA provides consistency and comparability with our past financial performance, facilitates period-to-period comparisons of operations, and also facilitates comparisons with other peer companies, many of which use similar non-GAAP financial measures to supplement their GAAP results. 
 Our use of this non-GAAP financial measure has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are as follows: 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect: (a) changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; (b) the potentially dilutive impact of stock-based compensation; or (c) tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us; 
 Although depreciation and amortization expense are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements; and 
 Other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 Because of these and other limitations, you should consider Adjusted EBITDA along with other GAAP-based financial performance measures, including net income and our GAAP financial results. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth our consolidated results of operations data (in thousands) and such data as a percentage of revenue for the periods presented. The period-to-period comparison of results is not necessarily indicative of results for future periods. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Consolidated Statements of Operations: 
 Revenue 256,380 226,908 148,748 Cost of revenue (1) 
 81,512 58,313 41,186 Gross profit 174,868 168,595 107,562 Operating expenses (1) : 
 Technology and development 20,846 15,885 12,250 Sales and marketing 68,562 58,160 43,297 General and administrative 44,940 35,761 20,260 Total operating expenses 134,348 109,806 75,807 Operating income 40,520 58,789 31,755 Total other income (expense), net (3,053) 6,014 (175) Income before provision for income taxes 37,467 64,803 31,580 Provision for income taxes 8,762 8,199 4,967 Net income 28,705 56,604 26,613 
 _______________ 
 (1) Amounts include stock-based compensation expense before tax benefit as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Cost of revenue 1,135 825 86 Technology and development 3,225 2,232 599 Sales and marketing 7,645 5,176 1,101 General and administrative 8,641 5,874 1,777 Total stock-based compensation expense 20,646 14,107 3,563 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (as percentage of revenue) Revenue 100 100 100 Cost of revenue 32 26 28 Gross profit 68 74 72 Operating expenses: Technology and development 8 7 8 Sales and marketing 27 26 29 General and administrative 17 16 14 Total operating expenses 52 49 51 Operating income 16 25 21 Total other income (expense), net (2) 4 Income before provision for income taxes 14 29 21 Provision for income taxes 3 4 3 Net income 
 11 25 18 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Revenue, Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (dollars in thousands) Revenue 256,380 226,908 29,472 13 Cost of revenue 81,512 58,313 23,199 40 Gross profit 174,868 168,595 6,273 4 Gross profit margin 68 74 
 Revenue increased 29.5 million, or 13 , in 2022 driven by growth in impressions processed on our platform from both existing and new publishers. For the year ended 2022, we served approximately 1,650 publishers worldwide on our platform, compared to approximately 1,450 publishers worldwide for the year ended 2021, including approximately 200 net new publishers in 2022, which represented over 67,000 domains and 25,000 apps in total, compared to approximately 250 new publishers in 2021, which represented approximately 62,000 domains and 35,000 apps in total. For purposes of our publisher count, we aggregate multiple business accounts from separate divisions, segments or subsidiaries into a single master publisher based on our assessment of the related nature of the group. In addition, in 2022 we completed a number of SPO initiatives which increased buyer spend on our platform. 
 We expect revenue to continue to increase in 2023, with mobile and omnichannel video, which is the combination of short form video and OTT/CTV, as our primary growth drivers. 
 Cost of revenue increased 23.2 million, primarily due to a 7.4 million increase in depreciation of data center equipment, a 2.6 million increase in amortization of internal use software, a 7.1 million increase in data centers expansion and upgrades, a 1.6 million increase in personnel costs as headcount increased by 15 in order to support our growing business, a 3.4 million increase in IT support expenses, a 0.6 million increase in professional services to support growth, and a 0.5 million increase in amortization for acquisition-related intangible assets. Overall, our cost of revenue per impression processed in 2022 declined by 19 compared to 2021. 
 Our gross margin of 68 in 2022 decreased compared to 2021 of 74 due to increases in depreciation and amortization expense from significant data center capacity expansion, as well as an increase in hosting expenses as a result of an increase in volume of impressions. 
 We expect the cost of revenue to be higher in 2023 compared to 2022 in absolute dollars primarily due to increases in depreciation and amortization expense from new data center capacity expansion in 2022, as well as increases in hosting expenses primarily driven by higher power pricing. 
 Technology and Development 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (dollars in thousands) Technology and development 
 20,846 15,885 4,961 31 Percent of revenue 
 8 7 
 The increase in technology and development costs was primarily due to an increase of 6.6 million in personnel costs associated with a headcount increase by 39 and higher stock-based compensation costs, an increase of 1.9 million in facilities costs associated with new offices, offset by a 4.2 million increase in the capitalization of internal use software. 
 We expect technology and development expenses to increase in 2023 compared to 2022 in absolute dollars, primarily due to the additional headcount investment in our key growth opportunities. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (dollars in thousands) Sales and marketing 
 68,562 58,160 10,402 18 Percent of revenue 
 27 26 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Sales and marketing costs increased primarily due to a 6.0 million increase in personnel costs associated with a headcount increase by 9 and higher stock-based compensation costs, a 0.7 million increase in travel and entertainment expenses, a 0.8 million increase in marketing expenses, and a 2.3 million increase in facilities costs associated with new offices. 
 We expect sales and marketing expenses to increase in 2023 compared to 2022 in absolute dollars primarily due to additional headcount investment and marketing programs. 
 General and Administrative 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (dollars in thousands) General and administrative 
 44,940 35,761 9,179 26 Percent of revenue 
 17 16 
 General and administrative expense increased primarily due to a 5.4 million increase in personnel costs associated with a 13 increase in headcount and higher stock-based compensation costs, a 1.1 million increase in professional services, accounting and legal service costs, a 1.6 million increase in facilities costs associated with new offices, a 0.3 million increase in travel and entertainment, and a 0.4 million increase in property taxes. 
 We expect general and administrative expenses to increase in 2023 compared to 2022 in absolute dollars primarily due to increases in expenses relating to our personnel. 
 Total Other Income (Expense), net 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (dollars in thousands) Total other income (expense), net 
 (3,053) 6,014 (9,067) (151) 
 Total other income (expense), net decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by impairment of our equity investment, partially offset by an increase in interest income due to raising interest rates. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (dollars in thousands) Provision for income taxes 
 8,762 8,199 563 7 
 The difference between the effective tax rate in 2022 of 23.4 and the federal statutory income tax rate of 21 was primarily due to state taxes, stock-based compensation, and Section 162(m) limitation partially offset by federal research and development credit, and a foreign derived intangible income deduction. 
 The difference between the effective tax rate in 2021 of 13 and the federal statutory income tax rate of 21 was primarily due deductible stock-based compensation, federal research and development credit, and a decrease in transfer pricing reserve due to expiration of statute of limitation, partially offset by Section 162(m) limitation and state taxes. 
 For discussion on comparison of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, please refer to Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have financed our operations and capital expenditures primarily through utilization of cash generated from operations, as well as a public offering of our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of 174.4 million and net working capital, consisting of current assets less current liabilities, of 201.5 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had retained earnings of 128.0 million. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and anticipated net cash provided by operating activities, together with available borrowings under our credit facility, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, if our operating performance during the next 12 months is below our expectations, our liquidity and ability to operate our business could be adversely affected. Our future capital requirements and the adequacy of available funds will depend on many factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors. 
 In the future, we may attempt to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities or through equity-linked or debt financing arrangements. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity or equity-linked securities, the ownership of our existing stockholders will be diluted. If we raise additional financing by incurring additional indebtedness, we may be subject to increased fixed payment obligations and could also be subject to additional restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. Any future indebtedness we incur may result in terms that could be unfavorable to equity investors. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to raise additional capital in the future on favorable terms, or at all. Any inability to raise capital could adversely affect our ability to achieve our business objectives. 
 Credit Facilities 
 In February 2011, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, the Loan Agreement ), with Silicon Valley Bank SVB ), which was subsequently amended at various times to provide us with additional borrowing capacity and/or flexibility. 
 As of December 31, 2021, the amount we had available to borrow under the Loan Agreement was the lesser of 25.0 million or 80 of eligible accounts receivable less certain reserves, minus the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding advances. Interest accrued on advances under the Loan Agreement at a variable rate equal to the greater of the prime rate or 3.25 . For any quarter where the average closing outstanding balance under the Loan Agreement was less than 5.0 million, a fee for such unused capacity in the amount of 0.40 per annum of the average unused portion was charged and payable in arrears. In June, 2021, we amended the Loan Agreement to extend its maturity date to June 6, 2024. As of December 31, 2021, there were no outstanding borrowings under the Loan Agreement. In connection with the entry into the Credit Agreement (as defined below), the Company s existing Loan Agreement, as amended, was terminated. There were no outstanding advances under the Loan Agreement upon its termination. 
 On October 17, 2022, we entered into a Senior Secured Credit Facilities Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with the several lenders parties thereto, and Silicon Valley Bank, as administrative agent, lead arranger, issuing lender, and swingline lender. The Credit Agreement provides a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of 110.0 million the Revolving Credit Facility ), including a 25.0 million letter of credit sub-facility and a 25.0 million swingline sub-facility. We may, subject to certain customary conditions, on one or more occasions increase commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility in an amount not to exceed 90.0 million in the aggregate (the Incremental Facility ). Each Lender will have discretion to determine whether it will participate in any Incremental Facility. The obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of our assets. The Credit Agreement matures on October 17, 2027. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility accrues interest at rates equal, at our election, to (i) the adjusted term secured overnight financing rate SOFR ), which is defined as (a) the applicable term SOFR plus (b) a term SOFR adjustment equal to 0.20 per annum, plus the applicable margin for such loans, or (ii) the alternate base rate ABR ), which is defined as the highest of (a) the prime rate in effect from time to time, (b) the federal funds effective rate in effect from time to time plus 0.50 , and (c) the adjusted term SOFR for a one (1) month tenor in effect from time to time plus 1.0 , plus the applicable margin for such loans. The applicable margin for borrowings bearing interest on the SOFR ranges from 2.00 to 2.75 , and the applicable margin for borrowings bearing interest based on the ABR ranges from 1.00 to 1.75 . We will pay a quarterly commitment fee during the term of the Credit Agreement for the non-use of available funds ranging from 0.25 to 0.35 . As of December 31, 2022, the applicable interest rate under the Revolving Credit Facility was 6.55 . We had no amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties as well as customary affirmative and negative covenants. Negative covenants include, among others, limitations on incurrence of indebtedness, liens, disposition of property and investments by us and our subsidiaries. In addition, the Credit Agreement requires us to maintain certain interest coverage, leverage and senior leverage ratios. 
 For additional information, see Note 5, Loan and Security Agreement and Senior Secured Credit Facilities Agreement to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 87,212 88,681 24,330 Net cash used in investing activities (81,371) (96,723) (29,877) Net cash provided by financing activities 4,036 9,359 52,485 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 9,877 1,317 46,938 
 Operating Activities 
 Our cash flows from operating activities are primarily influenced by growth in our operations, increases or decreases in collections from our buyers and related payments to our publishers, as well as our investment in personnel to support the anticipated growth of our business. Cash flows from operating activities have been affected by changes in our working capital, particularly changes in accounts receivable and accounts payable. The timing of cash receipts from buyers and payments to publishers can significantly impact our cash flows from operating activities. In addition, we expect seasonality to impact quarterly cash flows from operating activities. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by operating activities of 87.2 million resulted primarily from net income of 28.7 million, adjustments for non-cash expenses of 59.0 million, including 34.2 million for depreciation and amortization, 20.6 million for stock-based compensation, and 7.2 million for deferred income taxes, and an increase in accounts receivable of 24.4 million, partially offset by an increase in accounts payable of 29.8 million. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by operating activities of 88.7 million resulted primarily from net income of 56.6 million, adjustments for non-cash expenses of 38.5 million, including 23.1 million for depreciation and amortization, 4.8 million for deferred income taxes and 14.1 million for stock-based compensation, and an increase in accounts receivable of 67.4 million, partially offset by an increase in accounts payable of 68.3 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 Our investing activities primarily included acquisition of Martin, investments in marketable securities, purchases of equipment as we expanded the infrastructure in our third-party data centers, and capitalized internal-use software costs in support of enhancing our platform. Purchases of property and equipment may vary from period-to-period due to the timing of the expansion of our data centers, the addition of headcount, and the development cycles of our software development. As our business grows, we expect our capital expenditures and our investment activity to continue to increase. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we used 81.4 million of cash in investing activities, consisting of a net increase in investments of marketable securities of 4.4 million, 35.9 million in purchases of property and equipment (primarily data center infrastructure), 13.0 million of investments in capitalized internal use software, and 28.1 million for the Martin acquisition. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we used 96.7 million of cash in investing activities, consisting of a net increase in investments of marketable securities of 57.4 million, 30.4 million in purchases of property and equipment (primarily data center infrastructure), and 8.9 million of investments in capitalized internal use software. 
 Financing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities of 4.0 million was primarily due to 1.2 million proceeds from stock option exercises and 3.0 million proceeds from the employee stock purchase plan. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities of 9.4 million was primarily due to 5.4 million in proceeds from stock option exercises and 4.8 million in proceeds from the employee stock purchase plan, partially offset by 0.8 million due to payments of issuance costs of Class A common stock in connection with our IPO. 
 For discussion on operating, investing, and financing activities of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, see the Liquidity and Capital Resources section disclosed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021 and hereby incorporated by reference herein and considered part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K only to the extent referenced. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations and Future Cash Requirements 
 Our principal contractual obligations consist of non-cancelable leases for our various facilities. In certain cases, the terms of the lease agreements provide for rental payments that increase over time. 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations, at December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Payments due by period Total Less than 1 year 1 - 3 years 3 - 5 years More than 5 years Other contractual obligations (1) 
 41,080 19,698 21,382 Operating lease liabilities 28,651 6,440 11,628 9,603 980 Finance lease liabilities 786 140 294 311 41 Total 
 70,517 26,278 33,304 9,914 1,021 
 ______________ 
 (1) Other contractual obligations consist primarily of contractual obligations to third-party data center providers. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 4.3 million of long-term income tax liabilities, including interest, related to uncertain tax positions. Because of the high degree of uncertainty regarding the settlement of these liabilities, we are unable to estimate the years in which future cash outflows may occur. As a result, this amount is not included in the contractual obligations table above. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets and liabilities reported, disclosures about contingent assets and liabilities, and reported amounts of revenue and expenses. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors, and adjust those estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate. Actual results could materially differ from these estimates and assumptions. 
 We believe estimates and assumptions associated with the evaluation of revenue recognition criteria, including the determination of revenue reporting as net versus gross in our revenue arrangements, as well as internal use software development costs, fair values of stock-based awards, and income taxes have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. Therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies and estimates. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We refer to our publishers, app developers, and channel partners collectively as our publishers. We generate revenue through the monetization of publisher ad impressions processed on our platform. Our platform allows publishers to sell, in real time, ad impressions to buyers and provides automated inventory management and monetization tools to publishers across various device types and digital ad formats. We charge publishers a fee, which is typically a percentage of the value of the impressions monetized through our platform. 
 We maintain agreements with each publisher and buyer in the form of written service agreements, which set out the terms of the relationship, including payment terms (typically ninety days or less) and access to our platform. 
 We invoice buyers for publisher digital advertising inventory purchased through its platform. We recognize revenue when a bid is won and a buyer purchases inventory on our platform. We estimate and record reductions to revenue for volume discounts based on expected volumes during the incentive term 
 The determination as to whether revenue should be reported gross of amounts billed to buyers (gross basis) or net of payments to publishers (net basis) requires significant judgment, and is based on our assessment of whether we are acting as the principal or an agent in the transaction. We have determined that we do not act as the principal in the purchase and sale of digital advertising inventory because we do not control the advertising inventory and do not set the price which is the result of an auction within the marketplace. Based on these and other factors, we report revenue on a net basis. See Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 2 for more information on revenue recognition. 
 We generally invoice buyers at the end of each month for the full purchase price of ad impressions monetized in that month. Accounts receivable are recorded at the amount of gross billings for the amounts we are responsible to collect, and accounts payable are recorded at the net amount payable to publishers. Accordingly, both accounts receivable and accounts payable appear large in relation to revenue reported on a net basis. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Internal Use Software Development Costs 
 We capitalize certain internal use software development costs associated with creating and enhancing internal use software related to our platform and technology infrastructure. These costs include personnel and related employee benefits expenses for employees who are directly associated with and who devote time to software projects, and external direct costs of materials and services consumed in developing or obtaining the software. We expense software development costs that do not meet the criteria for capitalization as incurred and record them in technology and development expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Software development activities generally consist of three stages: (i) the planning stage; (ii) the application and infrastructure development stage; and (iii) the post implementation stage. Costs incurred in the planning and post implementation stages of software development, including costs associated with the post configuration training and repairs and maintenance of the developed technologies, are expensed as incurred. We capitalize costs associated with software developed for internal use when both the preliminary project stage is completed and management has authorized further funding for the completion of the project. We capitalize costs incurred in the application and infrastructure development stages, including significant enhancements and upgrades. Capitalization ends once a project is substantially complete and the software and technologies are ready for their intended purpose. We amortize internal use software development costs using a straight-line method over the estimated useful life of two to five years, commencing when the software is ready for its intended use. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 Stock-based compensation expense related to stock options, restricted stock units, and awards granted under our employee stock purchase plan ESPP is measured and recognized in our consolidated financial statements based on the fair value of the awards granted. The fair values of our ESPP and stock option awards are estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of restricted stock is calculated using the closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant. 
 Stock-based compensation expense related to stock options and restricted stock is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which is generally four years. Stock-based compensation expense for ESPP awards is recognized on a graded-vesting attribution basis over the requisite service period of each award. 
 For additional information regarding stock-based compensation and the assumptions used for determining the fair value of stock options and ESPP awards, refer to Note 2 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 10 Stockholders Equity and Equity Incentive Plans. 
 Business Combinations 
 The results of a business combination are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements from the date of the acquisition. Purchase accounting results in assets and liabilities of an acquired business are generally recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date, which may require management to use significant judgment and best estimates. This includes the selection of valuation methodologies, estimates of future revenue, costs and cash flows, discount rates, selection of comparable companies, and estimated useful lives of acquired intangible assets. The Company engages valuation specialists to assist in determining the fair values of these acquired assets and liabilities assumed. Any excess consideration over the fair value of these acquired assets and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results. 
 Acquisition-related Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
 Acquisition-related intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis, while goodwill amounts are not amortized. Acquisition-related intangible assets and goodwill are tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the acquisition-related intangible assets or goodwill may be impaired. 
 Events or changes in circumstances which could trigger an impairment review include a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, a loss of key personnel, significant changes in the manner of the Company s use of the acquired assets, or the strategy for the Company s overall business, significant negative industry or economic trends, or significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future results of operations. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 
 Our income tax provision may be significantly affected by changes to our estimates for tax in jurisdictions in which we operate and other estimates utilized in determining the global effective tax rate. Actual results may also differ from our estimate based on changes in economic conditions. Such changes could have a substantial impact on the income tax provision. We evaluate the judgments surrounding our estimates and make adjustments, as appropriate, each reporting period. 
 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based upon the net effects of the differences between the consolidated financial statements carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rate expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which the differences are expected to be reversed. A valuation allowance is used to reduce some or all of the deferred tax assets if, based upon the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that those deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized. We recognize interest and penalties accrued related to our uncertain tax positions in our income tax provision in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, for recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to certain market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include: 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We had cash and cash equivalents of 92.4 million and marketable securities of 82.0 million as of December 31, 2022, which consisted of bank deposits, money market accounts, commercial paper, agency debt securities, U.S. Treasury and government debt securities. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while maximizing income without significantly increasing risk. Because our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities have a relatively short maturity, our portfolio s fair value is relatively insensitive to interest rate changes. Our line of credit is at variable interest rates. We had no amounts outstanding under our credit facility as of December 31, 2022. We do not believe that an increase or decrease in interest rates of 100 basis points would have a material effect on our operating results or financial condition. In future periods, we will continue to evaluate our investment policy relative to our overall objectives. 
 Currency Exchange Risk 
 Our consolidated results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Historically, the majority of our revenue contracts have been denominated in U.S. Dollars. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies in which our operations are located, primarily the U.S. Dollar, Indian Rupee and British Pound. To date, we have not entered into any hedging arrangements with respect to foreign currency risk or other derivative instruments. In the event our foreign sales and expenses increase, our operating results may be more greatly affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which can affect our operating income. A hypothetical 10 change in the U.S. Dollar to India Rupee exchange rate could result in a change of 1.6 million and 1.2 million in our operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. A hypothetical 10 change in the U.S. Dollar to British Pound exchange rate could result in a change of 1.4 million and 1.4 million in our operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Inflation Risk 
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, for example in India or increases in data center base costs, we might not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 PUBMATIC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 61 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 68 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 69 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of PubMatic, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PubMatic, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We have also audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Revenue Recognition Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company generates revenue through the monetization of publisher ad impressions on its platform. The Company charges publishers a fee, which is typically a percentage of the value of the ad impressions monetized through the platform. The Company recognizes revenue when a bid is won and a buyer purchases digital advertising inventory on its platform. The Company reports revenue net of payments to publishers. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s revenue was 256.4 million. 
 We identified revenue as a critical audit matter because there is a significant audit effort required in performing our audit procedures, which include evaluating and testing the Company s process, systems, and controls related to the revenue cycle. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s revenue included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls related to the revenue cycle, including (i) general information technology (IT) controls over relevant systems used to process and record advertising transactions, including testing of user access controls, change management controls, and IT operations controls and (ii) controls in place to reconcile the various systems to the Company s general ledger and to address the accuracy and completeness of data used to recognize revenue. 
 We generated synthetic transactions on a customer s website and traced the recording of these transactions into the Company s systems to understand how revenue transactions are captured, processed, and aggregated. 
 We used data analytics to inspect journal entries and identify relationships in the revenue population to (i) identify significant relationships in the revenue population and (ii) understand significant relationships and related accounts affecting revenue. 
 We performed audit procedures on those related accounts determined to have a significant relationship with revenue, including sending confirmations to customers for a selection of accounts which included the receivable balances and related impression count for each selection, and selecting a sample of publisher payables and performing subsequent disbursements testing. 
 We performed a proof of cash reconciliation that reconciled cash to revenue and related revenue accounts. 
 Developed Technology Intangible Asset Refer to Note 7 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 On September 16, 2022, PubMatic, Inc. acquired all outstanding common stock of ConsultMates, Inc. (dba Martin ), a media measurement and reporting platform, for a purchase price of 30.8 million. The Company accounted for the acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations and the fair value of the total purchase price of 30.8 million was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values, including the developed technology intangible asset of 7.9 million. Management estimated the fair value of the developed technology intangible asset using the excess earnings method, which included an analysis of future cash flows expected to be generated by the intangible asset. The fair value determination of this intangible asset required management to make significant, subjective estimates and assumptions related to forecasted future cash flows. 
 We identified the developed technology intangible asset as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions management makes to determine the fair value of this intangible asset. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s developed technology intangible asset included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the business combination, including management s control over the valuation methodology for the developed technology fair value estimate. 
 We performed sensitivity analyses to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the developed technology intangible asset that would result from changes in the assumptions and compared the more sensitive significant assumptions used by management to current industry and competitor data and the Company s own historical results. 
 We assessed the reasonableness of management s forecasts of future cash flows by comparing the revenue and disaggregated cost projections to historical results, certain peer companies, third-party industry forecasts, as well as performing inquiries with certain members of management. Additionally, we inspected the relevant source data and publicly available information for any evidence that might contradict management s assertions. 
 We involved our fair value specialists to assist in our testing of the methodology used by the Company and the valuation assumptions underlying the fair value estimate. 
 We recalculated the estimate of the fair value of the developed technology intangible asset acquired using the Company s forecasted cash flows and valuation assumptions independently corroborated by our fair value specialists and compared the result to the Company s fair value estimate. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2012. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 PUBMATIC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except par values and share data) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total Current Assets Property, equipment and software, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Acquisition-related intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred tax assets Other assets, non-current TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current Total Current Liabilities Operating lease liabilities, non-current Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities, non-current TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) Stockholders' Equity Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value per share; Class A shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; Class B shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Treasury stock, at cost; shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total Stockholders' Equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 PUBMATIC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Technology and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total operating expenses Operating income Interest income Unrealized gain (loss) on equity investments ) Other income (expense), net ) Total other income (expense), net ) ) Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares used to compute net income per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 PUBMATIC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 PUBMATIC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 Convertible Preferred Stock Redeemable Common Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance December 31, 2019 ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Repurchase of treasury stock, at cost ) ) ) Repayment of shareholders notes receivable Reclassification of common stock ) ) Conversion of convertible preferred stock to common stock upon initial offering ) ) Issuance of common stock upon initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net income Balance December 31, 2020 ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Repurchase of treasury stock, at cost ) ) ) Issuance of common stock related to employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock related to RSU vesting Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net income Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock related to employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock related to RSU vesting Other comprehensive income Net income Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 PUBMATIC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Unrealized (gain) loss and impairment of equity investment ) Stock-based compensation Provision for doubtful accounts Deferred income taxes ) Accretion of discount on marketable securities ) ) ) Non-cash lease expense Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Accounts payable Accrued liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other liabilities, non-current ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of and deposits on property and equipment ) ) ) Capitalized software development costs ) ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of marketable securities Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities Purchase of equity securities ) Business combination, net of cash acquired ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions ) Proceeds from repayments of stockholders notes receivable Proceeds from issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan Proceeds from exercise of stock options Principal payments on finance lease obligations ) ) Payments to acquire treasury stock ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - Beginning of Year CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - End of Year SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Income taxes paid SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING INFORMATION: Stock-based compensation capitalized as internal use software costs Property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Capitalized software costs included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred offering costs included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Business combination purchase consideration - indemnification claims holdback 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 PUBMATIC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1 

Note 2 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Provision Write-offs ) ) Allowance for credit losses, ending balance 
 . Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the remaining lease term. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

, commencing when the software is ready for its intended use. 

71 

Table of Contents 

million was recorded within other income (expense), net in the Company s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 . 
 72 

Table of Contents 

The Company s advertising costs recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company s net foreign currency gain (losses) recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were ) million, ) million, and million respectively. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

single reporting segment. 
 Concentration of Revenue and Accounts Receivable 
 The Company defines its revenue concentration based on revenue recognized from individual publishers. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, one publisher represented , and respectively, of the Company s revenue. As of December 31, 2022, three buyers accounted for , , and , respectively, of accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2021, two buyers accounted for and , respectively, of accounts receivable. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

Note 3 
 75 

Table of Contents 

Certificates of deposit Cash equivalents Commercial paper Agency debt securities U.S. Treasury and government debt securities Marketable securities Total Financial Assets December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial Assets Money market funds Certificates of deposit Cash equivalents Commercial paper U.S. Treasury and government debt securities Marketable securities Equity investment (1) 
 Non-current assets Total Financial Assets 
 
 There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurement categories during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 _______________ 
 (1) See Note 2 to the Company s consolidated financial statements Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Impairment of Equity Investment. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

Note 4 
 Agency debt securities U.S. Treasury and government debt securities ) Total ) December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Loss Fair Value Commercial paper U.S. Treasury and government debt securities ) Total ) 
 The remaining contractual maturity of all marketable securities was within one year as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Realized gains and losses were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no securities that were in an unrealized loss position for more than twelve months. 
 Property, Equipment and Software, Net 
 Network hardware, computer equipment and software Leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Property, equipment and software, gross Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property, equipment and software, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense related to property, equipment, and software (excluding amortization of internal use software) was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company capitalized million, million, and million in software development costs during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Fully-amortized software development costs of million have been removed from internal-use software and accumulated depreciation and amortization for the year ended December 31, 2022. Amortization expense of internal use software was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These costs are included within cost of revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 The Company did t recognize any impairment charges on its long-lived assets during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 
 77 

Table of Contents 

Trade payables Total accounts payable 
 Accrued Liabilities 
 Accrued and other current liabilities Total accrued liabilities 
 78 

Table of Contents 

Note 5 
 million or of eligible accounts receivable less certain reserves, minus the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding advances. Interest accrued on advances under the revolving line of credit at a variable rate equal to the greater of prime rate or . An unused revolver fee in the amount of per annum of the average unused portion of the revolver line was charged and was payable quarterly in arrears in any quarter where the average closing outstanding balance was less than million. The maturity date of the revolving line of credit was June 6, 2024. 
 As described further below, on October 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Senior Secured Credit Facilities Credit Agreement. In connection with the entry into the Senior Secured Credit Facilities Credit Agreement, the Company s existing Loan and Security Agreement, as amended, was terminated. There were no outstanding advances under the Loan and Security Agreement upon its termination. 
 Senior Secured Credit Facilities Agreement 
 On October 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Senior Secured Credit Facilities Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with the several lenders parties thereto (the Lenders ), and Silicon Valley Bank SVB ), as administrative agent, lead arranger, issuing lender, and swingline lender. 
 The Credit Agreement provides a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of million the Revolving Credit Facility ), including a million letter of credit sub-facility and a million swingline sub-facility. The Company s obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and the letter of credit sub-facility (described in Note 9) with SVB are secured by substantially all of its assets excluding its intellectual property. The Company may, subject to certain customary conditions, on one or more occasions increase commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility in an amount not to exceed million in the aggregate (the Incremental Facility ). Each Lender will have discretion to determine whether it will participate in any Incremental Facility. The Credit Agreement matures on October 17, 2027. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility will accrue interest at rates equal, at the Company s election, to (i) the applicable secured overnight financing rate SOFR ), plus the applicable margin for such loans, or (ii) the alternate base rate ABR ), which is defined as the highest of (a) the prime rate in effect from time to time, (b) the federal funds effective rate in effect from time to time plus , and (c) the adjusted term SOFR for a one (1) month tenor in effect from time to time plus , plus the applicable margin for such loans. The applicable margin for borrowings bearing interest on the SOFR ranges from to , and the applicable margin for borrowings bearing interest based on the ABR ranges from to . The Company will pay a quarterly commitment fee during the term of the Credit Agreement for the non-use of available funds ranging from to . In addition, the Credit Agreement provides a mechanism to determine a successor reference rate to the applicable reference rate if, among other things, the applicable reference rate becomes unavailable or is generally replaced as a benchmark interest rate. 
 The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties as well as customary affirmative and negative covenants. Negative covenants include, among others, limitations on incurrence of indebtedness, liens, disposition of property and investments by the Company and its subsidiaries. In addition, the Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain certain interest coverage, leverage and senior leverage ratios. The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Credit Agreement contains customary events of default. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default, the Lenders may declare the outstanding advances and all other obligations under the Credit Agreement immediately due and payable. 
 The Company may use amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement to refinance the Existing Credit Agreement, for general corporate purposes or working capital financing. The Company may borrow additional amounts under the Credit Agreement from time to time as opportunities and needs arise. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

Note 6 
 to years. Included in an office lease the Company also leases furniture and fixtures under a finance lease with a term with a purchase option at the end of the term. 
 The allocation of lease payments was determined based on the relative standalone price of the separate office and furniture components. Some leases include one or more options to renew, generally at our sole discretion, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term up to additional years. In addition, certain leases contain termination options, where the rights to terminate are held by either the Company, the lessor, or both parties. These options to extend or terminate a lease are not included in the lease terms as the Company is not reasonably certain that they will exercise that option. The Company s leases generally do not contain any material restrictive covenants. 
 Operating lease cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Finance lease cost is recognized as a combination of the amortization expense for the right-of-use assets and interest expense for the outstanding lease liabilities, and results in a front-loaded expense pattern over the lease term. Short-term and variable lease costs are not material to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Finance lease cost - amortization of right-of-use assets Finance lease cost - interest on lease liabilities Total lease cost 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash outflows - payments on operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases 
 80 

Table of Contents 

Operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, non-current Total operating lease liabilities Finance leases Furniture and fixtures Accumulated depreciation ) ) Furniture and fixtures, net Accrued liabilities Other liabilities, non-current Total finance lease liabilities 
 Other information related to leases was as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 
 2021 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term: Operating leases years 
 years 
 Finance leases years 
 years 
 Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) ) Total present value of lease liabilities 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

Note 7 
 million. The acquisition is in response to growing demand from the Company s buy-side customers for enhanced tools to take advantage of the Company s global omnichannel inventory, including market-leading addressability solutions and innovative technology to enable supply path optimization. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at fair value. The purchase price excludes million of post-acquisition cash compensation arrangements for certain key acquired employees to be paid ratably over following the closing of the acquisition (subject to forfeiture upon termination). The purchase price was preliminarily attributed to million of developed technology intangible assets (to be amortized over an estimated useful life of ), million of customer relationship intangible assets (to be amortized over an estimated useful life of ), million of goodwill, million of deferred tax liabilities, and million of net liabilities assumed. The fair value of the acquired developed technology intangible asset was estimated using the excess earnings method. This valuation methodology included an analysis of future class flows expected to be generated by the developed technology intangible asset. The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed may change over the measurement period as additional information is received. The measurement period will end no later than one year from the acquisition date. The goodwill recognized was primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and the expected synergies from integrating Martin s technology into the Company s platform. Goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The financial results of Martin are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. Separate operating results and pro forma results of operations for Martin have not been presented as the effect of this acquisition was not material to the Company s financial results. Acquisition-related costs were million and are included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Note 8 - 
 ConsultMates, Inc. (Note 7) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Acquisition-related Intangible Assets, Net 
 Customer relationships Total acquisition-related intangible assets 
 Amortization expense related to acquisition-related intangibles was million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Total estimated future amortization expense for acquisition-related intangible assets 
 
 Note 9 
 2024 2025 Total future minimum commitments, net 
 Letters of Credit 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had irrevocable letters of credit outstanding related to noncancelable facilities leases in the amounts of million and million, with annual automatic renewal and final expiration dates in April 2025 and July 2028, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had irrevocable letters of credit outstanding related to noncancelable facilities leases in the amounts of million and million, with annual automatic renewal and final expiration dates in June 2022 and July 2028, respectively. 
 Legal Matters 
 From time to time, the Company is or may be involved in various claims and other legal matters arising in the normal course of business. The Company records an accrual for a liability relating to claims and other legal matters when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Any such accruals are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted for the impacts of negotiations, rulings, settlements, and other information or events pertaining to a particular matter, or on the advice of legal counsel. To date, the Company has not incurred a material loss, or a material loss in excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to any claims and other legal matters arising in the normal course of business. However, the outcomes of claims and other legal matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. If the Company subsequently concludes that there is a reasonable possibility that a loss exceeding amounts already recognized may be incurred, and the amount of such additional loss would be material, the Company will either disclose the estimated additional loss or state that such an estimate cannot be made. 
 Indemnification 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts and agreements that contain a variety of representations and warranties and provide for general indemnification. The Company s exposure under these agreements is unknown because it involves future claims that may be made against the Company, but have not yet been made. To date, the Company has not paid any material claims or been required to defend any actions related to its indemnification obligations. However, the Company may record charges in the future as a result of these indemnification obligations. In addition, the Company has indemnification agreements with certain of its directors and executive officers that require it, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise due to their status or service as directors or officers of the Company. The terms of such obligations may vary. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

Note 10 
 shares of Class A common stock, par value per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value per share. The rights of the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are identical, except with respect to voting and conversion rights. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to vote and holders of Class B common stock are entitled to votes and is convertible into one share of Class A common stock. Each share of Class B is convertible anytime at the option of the holder into one share of Class A common stock. Once converted or transferred and converted into Class A common stock, the Class B common stock will not be reissued. 
 Equity Incentive Plans 
 The Company maintains the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 2020 Plan ), pursuant to which the Company may grant stock options, restricted stock awards, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units RSUs ), deferred stock units DSUs performance awards, and stock bonus awards. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has reserved shares of Class A common stock for the issuance of awards under the 2020 Plan. These available shares will increase automatically on January 1 for each of the first calendar years during the term of the 2020 Plan by the number of shares equal to the lesser of five percent of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of all classes of the Company s common stock outstanding as of the immediately preceding December 31, or a number as may be determined by the Company s board of directors or compensation committee. No new awards were issued under the Company s prior 2006 Plan or 2017 Plan Prior Plans after the effective date of the 2020 Plan. To the extent outstanding awards under the 2006 Plan and the 2017 Plan are forfeited, expire unexercised, or would otherwise have been returned to the share reserve under the Prior Plans, the shares of Class B common stock subject to such awards instead will be available for future issuance as Class A common stock under the 2020 Plan. 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options granted under the Company s stock incentive plans generally vest over , subject to the holder s continued service through the vesting date and expire no later than from the date of grant. 
 Options granted Options exercised ) Options canceled ) Options expired ) Outstanding December 31, 2022 Vested and exercisable December 31, 2022 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the exercise price of the options and the fair market value of our common stock on the date of exercise. The intrinsic value of options exercised was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized stock-based compensation of million related to unvested stock options will be recognized on a straight-line basis over a weighted average period of years. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

- 
 - 
 - 
 Expected term (in years) - 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 Dividend rate Weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted 
 Each of these inputs is subjective and generally requires significant judgment to determine. These assumptions and estimates were determined as follows: 
 Fair Value of Common Stock - Prior to the Company s IPO in 2020, the fair value was determined by the board of directors, with input from management and valuation reports prepared by third-party valuation specialists. Subsequent to the Company s IPO, the fair value of each share of underlying common stock was based on the closing price of the Company s Class A common stock as reported on the date of the grant. 
 Expected Term - The expected term represents the period that the Company s stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. For option grants that are considered to be plain vanilla, the Company determines the expected term using the simplified method. The simplified method deems the term to be the average of the time-to-vesting and the contractual life of the options. For other option grants, the Company estimates expected term using historical data on employee exercises and post-vesting employment termination behavior taking into account the contractual life of the award. 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate - The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities approximately equal to the option s expected term. 
 Expected Volatility - Since the Company has a short trading history of its common stock, the expected volatility is derived from the average historical stock volatilities of several unrelated public companies within the Company s industry that the Company considers to be comparable to its business over a period equivalent to the expected term of the stock option grants. 
 Dividend Rate - The expected dividend is assumed to be as the Company has never paid dividends and has no current plans to do so. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 RSU awards generally vest over , subject to the holder s continued service through the vesting date. 
 Granted Vested ) Canceled/Forfeited ) Unvested December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized stock-based compensation of million related to unvested RSUs will be recognized on a straight-line basis over a weighted average period of years. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

shares of the Company s Class A common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the ESPP. The aggregate number of shares reserved for issuance under the ESPP will increase automatically on January 1st of each of the first calendar years during the term of the ESPP by the number of shares equal to the lesser of (a) 1 of the total outstanding shares of all classes of the Company s common stock as of the immediately preceding December 31 and (b) such number of shares of common stock as determined by the Company s board of directors. The aggregate number of shares issued over the term of the ESPP may not exceed shares of Class A common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has reserved shares of its common stock for issuance under the ESPP. 
 Under the ESPP, Class A common stock will be purchased for the accounts of employees participating in the ESPP on each purchase date at a price per share equal to of the lesser of: (a) the fair market value on the offering date or (b) the fair market value on the purchase date. The ESPP provides for, at maximum, month offering periods and each offering period may consist of one or more purchase periods, whereby the latest offering period commenced on June 1, 2022, and the offering periods thereafter consist of two six-month purchase periods ending May 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, million has been withheld on behalf of employees for a future purchase under the ESPP due to the timing of payroll deductions and is included in accrued liabilities. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, shares of our Class A common stock have been purchased under the ESPP. 
 As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the ESPP was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 
 Expected volatility - 
 - 
 Dividend rate 

Expected Term - The expected term of the ESPP represents the period of time that purchase rights are expected to be outstanding. 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate - The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the awards was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. 
 Expected Volatility - Since the Company has a short trading history of its common stock, the expected volatility was estimated by taking the average historic price volatility of several unrelated public companies within the Company s industry that the Company considers to be comparable to its business over a period equivalent to the expected term of the awards. 
 Dividend rate - The Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends and does not presently plan to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, an expected dividend yield of percent was used. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 Total stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of operations was as follows (in thousands): 
 Technology and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense Tax benefit from stock-based compensation ) ) ) Total stock-based compensation expense, net of tax effect 
 86 

Table of Contents 

Note 11 
 Less: Undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities ) Net income attributable to common stockholders basic Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Net income per share attributable to common stockholders basic: Numerator: Net income attributable to common stockholders - diluted Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding basic Options to purchase common stock Restricted stock Employee stock purchase plan shares Weighted average shares outstanding diluted Net income per share attributable to common stockholders diluted 
 Unvested restricted stock units ESPP Total common stock equivalents excluded from net income per share attributable to common stockholders diluted 

87 

Table of Contents 

Note 12 
 Foreign Income before provision for income taxes 
 State Foreign Total current tax expense Deferred tax expense: Federal ) State ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred tax expense ) Total provision for income taxes 
 State after-tax rate Stock options ) ) Research credit ) ) ) Transfer pricing reserve ) Foreign rate differential ) Foreign derived intangible income ) ) ) Section 162(m) limitation Other ) Effective tax rate 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

Accruals and allowances Tax credits Stock-based compensation Unrealized gain on equity investment Intangibles assets Lease obligation Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Property, equipment, and software ) ) ) Goodwill ) ) ) Prepaid expense ) ) ) Right-of-use asset ) ) Acquired intangibles ) Unrealized loss on equity investment ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) ) Net deferred income tax asset (liabilities) ) ) 
 The Company had gross federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. The federal net operating loss never expires and the state net operating losses will expire at various dates beginning in 2035 if not utilized and may be subject to annual limitations of usage, as promulgated by the Internal Revenue Service, due to ownership changes that may have occurred in the past. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had state research and development credit carryforwards of million. The state credits can be carried forward indefinitely. 
 Pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Code ), the Company s ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards or other tax attributes, such as research tax credits, in any taxable year may be limited if the Company experiences an ownership change. A Section 382 ownership change generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5 of the Company s stock increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. Net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes generated are currently not subject to limitation by Section 382, but subsequent changes in the Company s stock ownership as well as other changes that may be outside of the Company s control, could result in additional ownership changes under Section 382 of the Code. 
 Deferred Tax Valuation Allowance 
 A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets where the recoverability of the assets is uncertain. The determination to provide a valuation allowance is dependent upon the assessment of whether it is more likely than not that sufficient future taxable income will be generated to utilize the deferred tax assets. Management has determined that there is sufficient positive evidence that a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets is not required as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, except for state research credit carryforwards, starting in 2020, for which realization is not deemed more likely than not given the Company expects to generate more credits in future than can be utilized against projected taxable income. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

Increases related to tax positions taken during the current year Decreases related to tax positions taken during current year Increases related to tax positions taken during the prior years Decreases related to tax positions taken during the prior years ) ) ) Gross unrecognized income tax benefits ending balance 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to uncertain tax positions in its income tax provision. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately million and million, respectively, of accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions. 
 All of the million of unrecognized income tax benefits would, if recognized, impact the effective tax rate in the period in which each of the benefits is recognized. 
 The Company files U.S., state and foreign income tax returns with varying statutes of limitations. The federal, state, and foreign returns statute of limitations remains open for tax years from 2013 and thereafter. There are currently no income tax audits involving any U.S. states or foreign tax jurisdictions. 
 
 Note 13 
 EMEA APAC Rest of the world Total 
 The following table presents property, equipment and software, net, by geographic area (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 2021 United States Rest of the world Total 
 The following table presents operating lease right-of-use assets, by geographic area (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 2021 United States Rest of the world Total 
 90 

Note 14 
 of their eligible compensation, subject to certain limitations. The 401(k) Plan provides for a discretionary employer matching contribution. The Company made million matching contribution to the 401(k) Plan for the year ended December 31, 2022 and matching contribution for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Note 15 
 million of our Class A common stock 2023 Repurchase Program ). Pursuant to the 2023 Repurchase Program, we are authorized to repurchase shares in the open market and/or in privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with Rule 10b-18 and/or Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. The timing and total amount of the repurchases will depend upon business, economic and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, prevailing stock prices and other considerations. The 2023 Repurchase Program is scheduled to terminate on December 31, 2024. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte and Touche, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designated and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, and our board of directors. A copy of this code, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, is available on our website at https://investors.pubmatic.com under the section titled Governance. Any amendments or waivers of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics pertaining to one of our executive officers or a member of our board of directors will be disclosed on the website address and location specified above. 
 The other information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIP AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1) Financial Statements 
 The information concerning our financial statements, and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm required by this Item is incorporated by reference herein to the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 8, entitled Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All schedules have been omitted because the required information is not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedules, or because the information required is included in Item 8, entitled Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 The exhibits required to be filed as part of this report are: 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description of Document Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 14, 2022, by and among the Registrant, Marlin Acquisition Sub, Inc., and ConsultMates, Inc. 
 8-K 001-39748 2.1 September 14, 2022 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 10-K 001-39748 3.1 March 26, 2021 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 X 4.1 Form of Class A Common Stock Certificate. 
 S-1/A 333-250077 4.1 November 30, 2020 4.2 Sixth Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated October 1, 2020, by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders. 
 S-1 333-250077 4.2 November 13, 2020 4.3 Description of the Registrant s Securities . 
 10-K 001-39748 4.3 March 26, 2021 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 S-1 333-250077 10.1 November 13, 2020 10.2 2006 Stock Option Plan, as amended. 
 S-1 333-250077 10.2 November 13, 2020 10.3 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 S-1 333-250077 10.4 November 13, 2020 10.4 2020 Equity Incentive Plan . 
 S-1/A 333-250077 10.5 November 30, 2020 10.5 2019 Executive Bonus Plan. 
 S-1 333-250077 10.3 November 13, 2020 10.6 2020 Executive Bonus Plan. 
 10-K 001-39748 10.4 March 26, 2021 10.7 2021 Executive Bonus Plan. 
 8-K 001-39748 10.6 March 25, 2020 10.8 2022 Executive Bonus Plan. 
 10-K 001-39748 10.8 March 1, 2022 10.9 2023 Executive Bonus Plan. 
 X 10.10 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and form of subscription agreement. 
 S-1/A 333-250077 10.6 November 30, 2020 10.11 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 8-K 001-39748 10.7 March 25, 2021 10.12 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective as of December 18, 2017, by and between the Registrant and Rajeev K. Goel. 
 S-1/A 333-250077 10.7 November 30, 2020 10.13 Offer Letter, effective as of October 1, 2016, by and between the Registrant and Amar K. Goel, as amended. 
 S-1/A 333-250077 10.8 November 30, 2020 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description of Document Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 10.14 Employment Agreement, effective as of November 7,2011, by and between the Registrant and Steven Pantelick, as amended. 
 S-1/A 333-250077 10.9 November 30, 2020 10.15 Retention Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Rajeev K. Goel. 
 8-K 001-39748 10.2 March 25, 2021 10.16 Retention Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Amar K. Goel. 
 8-K 001-39748 10.3 March 25, 2021 10.17 Retention Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Steven Pantelick. 
 8-K 001-39748 10.4 March 25, 2021 10.18 Retention Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Jeffrey Hirsch. 
 8-K 001-39748 10.5 March 25, 2021 10.19 Retention Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Mukul Kumar. 
 10-K 001-39748 10.18 March 1, 2022 10.20 Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated November 7, 2017, by and between the Registrant and Silicon Valley Bank, as amended. 
 S-1 333-250077 10.13 November 13, 2020 10.21 Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 4, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Silicon Valley Bank. 
 8-K 001-39748 10.1 March 25, 2021 10.22 Third Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, by and between the Company and Silicon Valley Bank. 
 8-K 001-39748 10.1 April 9, 2021 10.23 Fourth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated June 4, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Silicon Valley Bank. 
 8-K 001-39748 10.1 June 8, 2021 10.24 Google Exchange Integration Agreement, dated May 14, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Google Inc, as amended. 
 S-1 333-250077 10.14 November 13, 2020 10.25 PubMatic Demand Partner Agreement, dated November 5, 2011, by and between the Registrant and The Trade Desk, Inc., as amended. 
 S-1 333-250077 10.15 November 13, 2020 10.26 Yahoo Ad Exchange Agreement - Media Buyer, effective as of December 16, 2015, by and between the Registrant and Yahoo! Inc. 
 S-1 333-250077 10.16 November 13, 2020 10.27 Sublease Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and between PubMatic, Inc. and Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, LLC. 
 10-Q 001-39748 10.1 November 10, 2021 10.28 First Amendment to Sublease Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2021, by and between PubMatic, Inc. and Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, LLC. 
 10-Q 001-39748 10.2 November 10, 2021 10.29 Form of Tier 1 Retention Agreement. 
 S-1/A 333-250077 10.20 November 30, 2020 10.30 Form of Tier 2 Retention Agreement. 
 S-1/A 333-250077 10.21 November 30, 2020 10.31 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 17, 2022, by and among the Registrant, the lenders party thereto, and Silicon Valley Bank 
 8-K 001-39748 10.1 October 17, 2022 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 X 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 
 X 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description of Document Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 24.1 Power of Attorney (included in the signature page hereto) . 
 X 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X 
 ________________ 
 Indicates a management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Registrant has omitted portions of the exhibit as permitted under Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. 
 The information in this exhibit is furnished and deemed not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of PubMatic, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Dated: February 28, 2023 
 PUBMATIC, INC. By: /s/ Rajeev K. Goel Rajeev K. Goel Chief Executive Officer 

Table of Contents 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Rajeev K. Goel and Steven Pantelick, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with full power of substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Rajeev K. Goel Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 February 28, 2023 Rajeev K. Goel /s/ Steven Pantelick Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 February 28, 2023 Steven Pantelick 
 /s/ Michael van der Zweep Controller 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 February 28, 2023 Michael van der Zweep /s/ Cathleen Black Director February 28, 2023 Cathleen Black 
 /s/ W. Eric Carlborg Director February 28, 2023 W. Eric Carlborg 
 /s/ Susan Daimler Director February 28, 2023 Susan Daimler 
 /s/ Amar K. Goel Director February 28, 2023 Amar K. Goel 
 /s/ Shelagh Glaser Director February 28, 2023 Shelagh Glaser 
 /s/ Jacob Shulman Director February 28, 2023 Jacob Shulman 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 ex32arbylawsfebruary2023.htm
 EX-3.2

Document 

Exhibit 3.2 

PUBMATIC, INC. 
 (a Delaware corporation) 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 
 As Amended and Restated on February 27, 2023 

PUBMATIC, INC. 
 (a Delaware corporation) 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Page 
 ARTICLE I STOCKHOLDERS 
 1 
 Section 1.1 Annual Meetings 
 1 
 Section 1.2 Special Meetings 
 1 
 Section 1.3 Notice of Meetings 
 1 
 Section 1.4 Adjournments 
 1 
 Section 1.5 Quorum 
 2 
 Section 1.6 Organization 
 2 
 Section 1.7 Voting Proxies 
 3 
 Section 1.8 Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record 
 3 
 Section 1.9 List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote 
 4 
 Section 1.10 Inspectors of Elections 
 4 
 Section 1.11 Conduct of Meetings 
 5 
 Section 1.12 Notice of Stockholder Business Nominations 
 6 
 Section .1.13 Emergency Bylaws 
 17 
 ARTICLE II BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 17 
 Section 2.1 Number Qualifications 
 17 
 Section 2.2 Election Resignation Removal Vacancies 
 17 
 Section 2.3 Regular Meetings 
 18 
 Section 2.4 Special Meetings 
 18 
 Section 2.5 Remote Meetings Permitted 
 18 
 Section 2.6 Quorum Vote Required for Action 
 18 
 Section 2.7 Organization 
 18 
 Section 2.8 Unanimous Action by Directors in Lieu of a Meeting 
 19 
 Section 2.9 Powers 
 19 
 Section 2.10 Compensation of Directors 
 19 
 Section 2.11 Confidentiality 
 19 
 ARTICLE III COMMITTEES 
 19 
 Section 3.1 Committees 
 19 
 Section 3.2 Committee Rules 
 19 
 ARTICLE IV OFFICERS CHAIRPERSON LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
 20 
 Section 4.1 Generally 
 20 
 Section 4.2 Chief Executive Officer 
 20 
 Section 4.3 Chairperson of the Board 
 21 
 
 i 

Section 4.4 Lead Independent Director 
 21 
 Section 4.5 President 
 21 
 Section 4.6 Chief Financial Officer 
 21 
 Section 4.7 Treasurer 
 21 
 Section 4.8 Vice President 
 22 
 Section 4.9 Secretary 
 22 
 Section 4.10 Delegation of Authority 
 22 
 Section 4.11 Removal 
 22 
 ARTICLE V STOCK 
 22 
 Section 5.1 Certificates Uncertificated Shares 
 22 
 Section 5.2 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Stock Certificates Issuance of New Certificates or Uncertificated Shares 
 22 
 Section 5.3 Other Regulations 
 23 
 ARTICLE VI INDEMNIFICATION 
 23 
 Section 6.1 Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
 23 
 Section 6.2 Advance of Expenses 
 23 
 Section 6.3 Non-Exclusivity of Rights 
 24 
 Section 6.4 Indemnification Contracts 
 24 
 Section 6.5 Right of Indemnitee to Bring Suit 
 24 
 Section 6.6 Nature of Rights 
 25 
 Section 6.7 Insurance 
 25 
 Section 6.8 Indemnification for Successful Defense 
 25 
 ARTICLE VII NOTICES 
 25 
 Section 7.1 Notice 
 25 
 Section 7.2 Waiver of Notice 
 26 
 ARTICLE VIII INTERESTED DIRECTORS 
 26 
 Section 8.1 Interested Directors 
 26 
 Section 8.2 Quorum 
 26 
 ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS 
 27 
 Section 9.1 Fiscal Year 
 27 
 Section 9.2 Seal 
 27 
 Section 9.3 Form of Records 
 27 
 Section 9.4 Reliance Upon Books and Records 
 27 
 Section 9.5 Certificate of Incorporation Governs 
 27 
 Section 9.6 Severability 
 27 
 Section 9.7 Time Periods 
 27 
 ARTICLE X AMENDMENT 
 28 
 ARTICLE XI EXCLUSIVE FORUM 
 28 

ii 

PUBMATIC, INC. 
 (a Delaware corporation) 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 
 As Adopted on February 27, 2023 and 
 
 As Effective on February 27, 2023 
 
 ARTICLE I STOCKHOLDERS 
 Section 1.1 Annual Meetings . If required by applicable law, an annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors at such date and time as the Board of Directors (the Board of PubMatic, Inc. (the Corporation shall each year fix. The meeting may be held either at a place, within or without the State of Delaware as permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), or by means of remote communication as the Board in its sole discretion may determine. Any proper business may be transacted at the annual meeting. 
 Section 1.2 Special Meetings . Special meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes shall be called in the manner set forth in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (as the same may be amended and or restated from time to time, the Certificate of Incorporation ). The special meeting may be held either at a place, within or without the State of Delaware, or by means of remote communication as the Board in its sole discretion may determine. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to matters relating to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of the meeting. 
 Section 1.3 Notice of Meetings . Notice of all meetings of stockholders shall be given in accordance with applicable law (including, without limitation, as set forth in Section 7.1 of these Bylaws) stating the date, time and place, if any, of the meeting, the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (if such date is different from the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting). In the case of a special meeting, such notice shall also set forth the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation, notice of any meeting of stockholders shall be given not less than ten (10), nor more than sixty (60), days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting. 
 Section 1.4 Adjournments . Notwithstanding Section 1.5 of these Bylaws, the person presiding over the meeting shall have the power to adjourn the meeting to another time, date and place (if any) regardless of whether a quorum is present, at any time and for any reason. Any meeting of stockholders, annual or special, may be adjourned from time to time (including an adjournment taken to address a technical failure to convene or continue a meeting using remote communication), and notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time, date and place (if any) thereof and the means of remote communication (if any) by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such 
 - 1 - 

adjourned meeting are (i) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, (ii) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication or (iii) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with Section 222(a) of the DGCL provided , however , that if the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If, after the adjournment, a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board shall fix as the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record as of the record date so fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If a quorum is present at the original meeting, it shall also be deemed present at the adjourned meeting. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Board may postpone, reschedule or cancel at any time and for any reason any previously scheduled special or annual meeting of stockholders before it is to be held, regardless of whether any notice or public disclosure with respect to any such meeting has been sent or made pursuant to Section 1.3 hereof or otherwise, in which case notice shall be provided to the stockholders of the new date, time and place, if any, of the meeting as provided in Section 1.3 above. 
 Section 1.5 Quorum . Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, at each meeting of stockholders the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares of stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business provided , however , that where a separate vote by a class or classes or series of stock is required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares of such class or classes or series of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote on such matter, present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to the vote on such matter. If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, the chairperson of the meeting or, if directed to be voted on by the chairperson of the meeting, the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote who are present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting, may adjourn the meeting. Shares of the Corporation s stock belonging to (i) the Corporation, (ii) another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such other corporation are held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation or (iii) any other entity, if a majority of the voting power of such other entity is held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation or if such other entity is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes provided , however , that the foregoing shall not limit the right of the Corporation or any other corporation to vote any shares of the Corporation s stock held by it in a fiduciary capacity and to count such shares for purposes of determining a quorum. A quorum, once established at a meeting, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum. 
 Section 1.6 Organization . Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by (a) such person as the Board may designate, or (b) in the absence of such a person, the Chairperson of the Board, or (c) in the absence of such person, the Lead Independent Director, 
 - 2 - 

or, (d) in the absence of such person, the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, or (e) in the absence of such person, the President of the Corporation, or (f) in the absence of such person, by a Vice President. The Secretary of the Corporation shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in such person s absence the chairperson of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 
 Section 1.7 Voting Proxies . Each stockholder of record entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy. Such a proxy may be prepared, transmitted and delivered in any manner permitted by applicable law. Except as may be required in the Certificate of Incorporation, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the holders of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. At all meetings of stockholders at which a quorum is present, unless a different or minimum vote is required by applicable law, rule or regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, in which case such different or minimum vote shall be the applicable vote on the matter, every matter other than the election of directors shall be decided by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares of stock entitled to vote on such matter that are present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and are voted for or against the matter (or if there are two or more classes or series of stock entitled to vote as separate classes, then in the case of each class or series, the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares of stock of that class or series present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting voting for or against such matter). 
 Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for exclusive use by the Board. 
 Section 1.8 Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which record date shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If the Board so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at 5 00 p.m. Eastern Time on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at 5 00 p.m. Eastern Time on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting provided , however , that the Board may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance herewith at the adjourned meeting. 
 In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights 
 - 3 - 

in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board and which shall not be more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no such record date is fixed by the Board, then the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at 5 00 p.m. Eastern Time on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto. 
 Section 1.9 List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote . The Corporation shall prepare, no later than the tenth (10th) day before each meeting of stockholders, a complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting provided , however , if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten (10) days before the date of the meeting, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth (10th) day before the meeting date), arranged in alphabetical order and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Nothing in this Section 1.9 shall require the Corporation to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, for a period of ten (10) days ending on the day before the meeting date, either (a) on a reasonably accessible electronic network as permitted by applicable law provided that the information required to gain access to the list is provided with the notice of the meeting), or (b) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. Except as otherwise provided by law, the stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the list of stockholders required by this Section 1.9 or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation may maintain and authorize examination of the list of stockholders in any manner expressly permitted by the DGCL at the time. 
 Section 1.10 Inspectors of Elections . 
 1.10.1 Applicability . Unless otherwise required by the Certificate of Incorporation or by applicable law, the following provisions of this Section 1.10 shall apply only if and when the Corporation has a class of voting stock that is (a) listed on a national securities exchange (b) authorized for quotation on an interdealer quotation system of a registered national securities association or (c) held of record by more than two thousand (2,000) stockholders. In all other cases, observance of the provisions of this Section 1.10 shall be optional, and at the discretion of the Board. 
 1.10.2 Appointment . The Corporation shall, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors of election to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. The Corporation may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the person presiding at the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. 
 1.10.3 Inspector s Oath . Each inspector of election, before entering upon the discharge of his duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of such inspector s ability. 
 - 4 - 

1.10.4 Duties of Inspectors . At a meeting of stockholders, the inspectors of election shall (a) ascertain the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each share, (b) determine the shares represented at a meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots, (c) count all votes and ballots, (d) determine and retain for a reasonable period of time a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors, and (e) certify their determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting, and their count of all votes and ballots. The inspectors may appoint or retain other persons or entities to assist the inspectors in the performance of the duties of the inspectors. 
 1.10.5 Opening and Closing of Polls . The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting. No ballot, proxies or votes, nor any revocations thereof or changes thereto, shall be accepted by the inspectors after the closing of the polls unless the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware upon application by a stockholder shall determine otherwise. 
 1.10.6 Determinations . In determining the validity and counting of proxies and ballots, the inspectors shall be limited to an examination of the proxies, any envelopes submitted with those proxies, any information provided pursuant to Section 211(a)(2)b.(i) or (iii) of the DGCL, or in accordance with Sections 211(e) or 212(c)(2) of the DGCL, ballots and the regular books and records of the Corporation, except that the inspectors may consider other reliable information for the limited purpose of reconciling proxies and ballots submitted by or on behalf of banks, brokers, their nominees or similar persons which represent more votes than the holder of a proxy is authorized by the record owner to cast or more votes than the stockholder holds of record. If the inspectors consider other reliable information for the limited purpose permitted herein, the inspectors at the time they make their certification of their determinations pursuant to this Section 1.10 shall specify the precise information considered by them, including the person or persons from whom they obtained the information, when the information was obtained, the means by which the information was obtained and the basis for the inspectors belief that such information is accurate and reliable. 
 Section 1.11 Conduct of Meetings . The Board may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board, the person presiding over any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and (for any or no reason) to recess and or adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such presiding person, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the presiding person of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting (ii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present (iii) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the presiding person of the meeting or the Board shall determine (iv) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof (v) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants (vi) restricting the use of audio video recording devices and cell phones (vii) complying with any state and local laws and regulations concerning safety and security (viii) procedures (if any) requiring attendees to provide the Corporation advance notice 
 - 5 - 

of their intent to attend the meeting and (ix) any additional attendance or other procedures or requirements for proponents submitting a proposal pursuant to Rule 14a-8 promulgated under the Exchange Act (defined below). The presiding person at any meeting of stockholders, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting, shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a matter or business was not properly brought before the meeting and if such presiding person should so determine, such presiding person shall so declare to the meeting and any such matter or business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted or considered. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the person presiding over the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 
 Section 1.12 Notice of Stockholder Business Nominations . 
 1.12.1 Annual Meeting of Stockholders . 
 (a) Nominations of persons for election to the Board and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders only (i) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of such meeting (or any supplement thereto), (ii) by or at the direction of the Board or any committee thereof or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record at the time of giving of the notice provided for in this Section 1.12 (the Record Stockholder ), who is entitled to vote at such meeting and who complies with the notice and other procedures set forth in this Section 1.12 in all applicable respects. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing clause (iii) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations or propose business (other than business included in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (such act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Exchange Act )), at an annual meeting of stockholders, and such stockholder must fully comply with the notice and other procedures set forth in this Section 1.12 to make such nominations or propose business before an annual meeting. 
 (b) For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a Record Stockholder pursuant to Section 1.12.1(a) of these Bylaws 
 (i) the Record Stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation and provide any updates or supplements to such notice at the times and in the forms required by this Section 1.12 
 (ii) such other business (other than the nomination of persons for election to the Board) must otherwise be a proper matter for stockholder action 
 (iii) (A) if the Proposing Person (as defined below) has provided the Corporation with a Solicitation Notice (as defined below), in the case of a proposal other than the nomination of persons for election to the Board, such Proposing Person must have delivered a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation s voting shares required under applicable law to carry any such proposal and must have included in such materials the Solicitation Notice, or (B) if the Proposing Person has delivered a notice of nomination or nominations, such Proposing Person must certify to the Corporation in writing, that it has complied with and will comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act, if applicable, and the Proposing Person shall deliver, no later than five (5) business days 
 - 6 - 

prior to the annual meeting or any adjournment, rescheduling, postponement or other delay thereof, reasonable evidence that it has complied with such requirements and 
 (iv) in the case of a proposal other than the nomination of persons for election to the Board, if no Solicitation Notice relating thereto has been timely provided pursuant to this Section 1.12, the Proposing Person proposing such business must not have solicited a number of proxies sufficient to have required the delivery of such a Solicitation Notice under this Section 1.12. 
 To be timely, (i) a Record Stockholder s notice must be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than 5 00 p.m. Eastern Time on the ninetieth (90th) day nor earlier than 5 00 p.m. Eastern Time on the one hundred and twentieth (120th) day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting provided , however , that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than seventy (70) days after such anniversary date, or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, notice by the Record Stockholder to be timely must be so delivered (A) no earlier than 5 00 p.m. Eastern Time on the one hundred and twentieth (120th) day prior to such annual meeting and (B) no later than 5 00 p.m. Eastern Time on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting or 5 00 p.m. Eastern Time on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which Public Announcement (as defined below) of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation, (ii) in the case of a proposal for the nomination of persons for election to the Board, the Record Stockholder shall have complied in all respects with the requirements of Section 14 of the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, if applicable, the requirements of Rule 14a-19 (as such rule and regulations may be amended from time to time by the Securities and Exchange Commission, including any Securities and Exchange Commission Staff interpretations relating thereto) and (iii) in the case of a proposal for the nomination of persons for election to the Board, the Board or an executive officer designated thereby shall have determined that the Record Stockholder has satisfied the requirements of this Section 1.12. In no event shall an adjournment, postponement or rescheduling (or the Public Announcement thereof) of an annual meeting for which notice has been given or a Public Announcement of the meeting date has been made commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for providing the Record Stockholder s notice. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 1.12.1 to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board at an annual meeting is increased and there is no Public Announcement by the Corporation naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board made by the Corporation at least ten (10) days prior to the last day a stockholder may deliver a notice in accordance with the first sentence of this paragraph, a stockholder s notice required by this Section 1.12.1 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such Public Announcement is first made by the Corporation. 
 (c) As to each person whom the Record Stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director, in addition to the matters set forth in paragraph (e) below, such Record Stockholder s notice shall set forth 
 (i) the name, age, business address and residence address of such person 
 (ii) the principal occupation or employment of such nominee 
 - 7 - 

(iii) the class, series and number of any shares of stock of the Corporation that are beneficially owned or owned of record by such person or any Associated Person (as defined in Section 1.12.4(c)) 
 (iv) the date or dates such shares were acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition 
 (v) all other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would be otherwise required, in each case pursuant to and in accordance with Section 14(a) (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder 
 (vi) such person s written consent to being named as a nominee in any proxy materials relating to the Corporation s next meeting, to the public disclosure of information regarding or related to such person provided to the Corporation by such person or otherwise pursuant to this Section 1.12 and to serving as a director if elected 
 (vii) whether such person meets the independence requirements of the stock exchange upon which the Corporation s Class A Common Stock is primarily traded 
 (viii) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings during the past three (3) years, and any other material relationships, between or among such Proposing Person or any of its respective affiliates and associates, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee, and his or her respective affiliates and associates, on the other hand, including all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 404 promulgated under Regulation S-K if the Proposing Person or any of its respective affiliates and associates were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant 
 (ix) a description of any position of such person as an officer or director of any Competitor (as defined below) within the three years preceding the submission of the notice 
 (x) a description of any business or personal interests that could place such person in a potential conflict of interest with the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries and 
 (xi) all completed and signed questionnaires, representations and agreements required by Section 1.12.2 of these Bylaws. 
 The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as it may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation and to determine the independence of such director under the Exchange Act and rules and regulations thereunder and applicable stock exchange rules. 
 (d) As to any business other than the nomination of a director or directors that the Record Stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, in addition to the matters set forth in paragraph (e) below, such Record Stockholder s notice shall set forth 
 - 8 - 

(i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the Bylaws, the text of the proposed amendment), the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such Proposing Person, including any anticipated benefit to any Proposing Person therefrom and 
 (ii) a description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings between or among any such Proposing Person and any of its respective affiliates or associates, on the one hand, and any other person or persons, on the other hand, (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such Proposing Person 
 (e) As to each Proposing Person giving the notice, such Record Stockholder s notice shall set forth 
 (i) the current name and address of such Proposing Person, including, if applicable, their name and address as they appear on the Corporation s stock ledger, if different 
 (ii) (1) the class or series and number of shares of stock of the Corporation that are directly or indirectly owned of record or beneficially owned by such Proposing Person, including any shares of any class or series of the Corporation as to which such Proposing Person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time in the future, and (2) a certification regarding whether such Proposing Person, if any, has complied with all applicable federal, state and other legal requirements in connection with such Proposing Person s acquisition of shares of capital stock or other securities of the Corporation and or such Proposing Person s acts or omissions as a stockholder of the Corporation 
 (iii) whether and the extent to which (x) any derivative interest in the Corporation s equity securities (including without limitation any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series of shares of the Corporation or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of shares of the Corporation or otherwise, and any cash-settled equity swap, total return swap, synthetic equity position or similar derivative arrangement (any of the foregoing, a Derivative Instrument ), as well as any rights to dividends on the shares of any class or series of shares of the Corporation that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation) or (y) any short interest in any security of the Corporation (for purposes of this Bylaw a person shall be deemed to have a short interest in a security if such person directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of the subject security, including through performance-related fees), including without limitation whether and the extent to which any ongoing hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by or on behalf of, or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including without limitation any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares) has been made, the effect or intent of 
 - 9 - 

which is to mitigate loss to or manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of, such Proposing Person with respect to any share of stock of the Corporation (any of the foregoing, a Short Interest is held directly or indirectly by or for the benefit of such Proposing Person 
 (iv) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which such Proposing Person or any of its respective affiliates or associates is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner of such general or limited partnership 
 (v) any direct or indirect material interest in any material contract or agreement with the Corporation, any affiliate of the Corporation or any Competitor (including, in any such case, any employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement or consulting agreement) 
 (vi) any significant equity interests or any Derivative Instruments or Short Interests in any Competitor held by such Proposing Person and or any of its respective affiliates or associates 
 (vii) any other material relationship between such Proposing Person, on the one hand, and the Corporation, any affiliate of the Corporation or any Competitor, on the other hand 
 (viii) all information that would be required to be set forth in a Schedule 13D filed pursuant to Rule 13d-1(a) or an amendment pursuant to Rule 13d-2(a) if such a statement were required to be filed under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by such Proposing Person and or any of its respective affiliates or associates 
 (ix) any other information relating to such Proposing Person that would be required to be disclosed in proxy materials or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies or consents by such Proposing Person in support of the business or nomination proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Section 14(a) (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder 
 (x) such Proposing Person s written consent to the public disclosure of information provided to the Corporation pursuant to this Section 1.12 
 (xi) a complete written description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether oral or in writing) (including any knowledge that another person or entity is Acting in Concert (as defined in Section 1.12.4(c)) with such Proposing Person) between or among such Proposing Person, any of its respective affiliates or associates and any other person Acting in Concert with any of the foregoing persons 
 (xii) a representation that the Record Stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person (including virtually in the case of a meeting conducted solely by means of remote communication) or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business or nomination 
 - 10 - 

(xiii) in the case of a proposal other than the nomination of persons for election to the Board, a representation whether such Proposing Person intends (or is part of a group that intends) to deliver a proxy statement or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation s voting shares required under applicable law to carry the proposal (an affirmative statement of such intent being a Solicitation Notice 
 (xiv) in the case of a nomination or nominations, a representation that such Proposing Person intends to solicit the holders of shares representing at least 67 of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote on the election of directors in support of director nominees other than the Corporation s nominees in accordance with Rule 14a-19, and the name of each participant (as defined in Item 4 of Exchange Act Schedule 14A) in such solicitation 
 (xv) a complete and accurate description of any pending or, to such Proposing Person s knowledge, threatened legal proceeding in which such Proposing Person is a party or participant involving the Corporation or, to such Proposing Person s knowledge, any current or former officer, director, affiliate or associate of the Corporation and 
 (xvi) any proxy, contract, arrangement, or relationship pursuant to which the Proposing Person has a right to vote, directly or indirectly, any shares of any security of the Corporation. 
 The disclosures to be made pursuant to the foregoing clauses (ii), (iii), (iv) and (vi) shall not include any information with respect to the ordinary course business activities of any broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee who is a Proposing Person solely as a result of being the stockholder directed to prepare and submit the notice required by these Bylaws on behalf of a beneficial owner. 
 (f) A Record Stockholder providing written notice required by this Section 1.12 shall update such notice, and any other information provided to the Corporation, in writing, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice is true and correct in all material respects as of (i) the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting and (ii) 5 00 p.m. Eastern Time on the tenth (10th) business day prior to the meeting or any adjournment, postponement or rescheduling thereof. In the case of an update pursuant to clause (i) of the foregoing sentence, such update shall be received by the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, and in the case of an update and supplement pursuant to clause (ii) of the foregoing sentence, such update and supplement shall be received by the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than eight (8) business days prior to the date for the meeting, and, if practicable, any adjournment, postponement or rescheduling thereof (and, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the meeting has been adjourned or postponed). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Proposing Person no longer plans to solicit proxies in accordance with its representation pursuant to Section 1.12.1(e)(xiv), the Record Stockholder shall inform the Corporation of this change by delivering a writing to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation no later than two (2) business days after the occurrence of such change. A Record Stockholder shall also update its notice so that the information required by Section 1.12.1(e)(viii) is current through the date of the meeting or any adjournment, postponement, or rescheduling thereof, and such update shall be delivered in 
 - 11 - 

writing to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation no later than two (2) business days after the occurrence of any material change to the information previously disclosed pursuant to Section 1.12.1(e)(viii). For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update as set forth in this paragraph shall not limit the Corporation s rights with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a Record Stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines hereunder or enable or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has previously submitted notice hereunder to amend or update any proposal or nomination or to submit any new proposal, including by changing or adding nominees, matters, business and or resolutions proposed to be brought before a meeting of the stockholders. If a Record Stockholder providing written notice required by this Section 1.12 fails to provide any written update in accordance with this Section 1.12, the information as to which such written update relates may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with these Bylaws. 
 (g) If any information submitted pursuant to this Section 1.12 is inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect (as determined by the Board or a committee thereof), such information shall be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with these Bylaws. A Record Stockholder shall notify the Secretary in writing at the principal executive offices of the Corporation of any inaccuracy or change in any information submitted within two (2) business days after becoming aware of such inaccuracy or change, and any such notification shall clearly identify the inaccuracy or change, it being understood that no such notification will cure any deficiencies or inaccuracies with respect to any prior submission by such Record Stockholder. Upon written request of the Secretary on behalf of the Board (or a duly authorized committee thereof), the Record Stockholder shall provide, within seven (7) business days after delivery of such request (or such longer period as may be specified in such request), (1) written verification, reasonably satisfactory to the Board, any committee thereof, or any authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted and (2) a written affirmation of any information submitted as of an earlier date. If the Record Stockholder fails to provide such written verification or affirmation within such period, the information as to which written verification or affirmation was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with these Bylaws. 
 (h) Notwithstanding anything in Section 1.12 or any other provision of the Bylaws to the contrary, any person who has been determined by a majority of the Whole Board to have violated Section 2.11 of these Bylaws or a Board Confidentiality Policy (as defined below) while serving as a director of the Corporation in the preceding five (5) years shall be ineligible to be nominated or be qualified to serve as a member of the Board, absent a prior waiver for such nomination or qualification approved by two-thirds of the Whole Board. 
 1.12.2 Submission of Questionnaire, Representation and Agreement . To be eligible to be a nominee of any stockholder for election or reelection as a director of the Corporation, the person proposed to be nominated must deliver (in accordance with the time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under Section 1.12 of these Bylaws) to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation all completed and signed questionnaires in the forms required by the Corporation (which form the stockholder shall request in writing from the Secretary of the Corporation and which the Secretary shall provide to such stockholder within ten (10) days of receiving such request) with respect to the background and qualification of such person to serve as a director of the Corporation and the background of any other person or entity 
 - 12 - 

on whose behalf, directly or indirectly, the nomination is being made and a signed representation and agreement (in the form available from the Secretary upon written request) that such person (a) is not and will not become a party to (i) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or (ii) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such person s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such person s fiduciary duties under applicable law, (b) is not and will not become a party to any Compensation Arrangement (as defined below) that has not been disclosed therein, (c) if elected as a director of the Corporation, will comply with all informational and similar requirements of applicable insurance policies and laws and regulations in connection with service or action as a director of the Corporation, (d) if elected as a director of the Corporation, will comply with all corporate governance, conflict of interest, stock ownership requirements, confidentiality and trading policies and guidelines of the Corporation publicly disclosed from time to time, (e) if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act in the best interests of the Corporation and its stockholders and not in the interests of individual constituencies, (f) consents to being named as a nominee in any proxy materials relating to the Corporation s next meeting and agrees to serve if elected as a director, (g) intends to serve as a director for the full term for which such individual is to stand for election, (h) represents and warrants that his or her candidacy or, if elected, Board membership, would not violate applicable state or federal law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, or the rules of any stock exchange on which shares of the Corporation s Class A Common Stock are traded, and (i) will provide facts, statements, and other information in all communications with the Corporation and its stockholders that are or will be true and correct in all material respects, and that do not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. 
 1.12.3 Special Meetings of Stockholders . Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation s notice of such meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporation s notice of such meeting (a) by or at the direction of the Board or any committee thereof or (b) provided that the Board has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice of the special meeting, who shall be entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice and other procedures set forth in this Section 1.12 in all applicable respects. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board, any such stockholder may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be), for election to such position(s) as specified in the Corporation s notice of meeting, if (A) the stockholder s notice required by Section 1.12.1(b) of these Bylaws shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (i) no earlier than the one hundred and twentieth (120th) day prior to such special meeting and (ii) no later than 5 00 p.m. Eastern Time on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such special meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which Public Announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected at such meeting, (B) the stockholder has complied in all respects with the requirements of 
 - 13 - 

Section 14 of the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, if applicable, the requirements of Rule 14a-19 (as such rule and regulations may be amended from time to time by the Securities and Exchange Commission, including any Securities and Exchange Staff interpretations relating thereto) and (C) the Board or an executive officer designated thereby has determined that the stockholder has satisfied the requirements of Section 1.12. In no event shall an adjournment, postponement or rescheduling (or the Public Announcement thereof) of a special meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for providing such notice. 
 1.12.4 General . 
 (a) (i) Except as otherwise expressly provided in any applicable rule or regulation promulgated under the Exchange Act, only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.12 shall be eligible to be elected at a meeting of stockholders and serve as directors and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.12. The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at a meeting of stockholders (or in the case of a Record Stockholder giving the notice on behalf of another Proposing Person, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the meeting on behalf of such Proposing Person) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such meeting. Except as otherwise provided by law or these Bylaws, the chairperson of the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any other business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.12 (including satisfying the information requirements set forth herein with accurate and complete information) and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance herewith, to declare that such defective proposal or nomination shall be disregarded (and any such nominee shall be disqualified), including that if a stockholder provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act and subsequently fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) and Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act, including the provision to the Corporation of notices required thereunder in a timely manner, then the Corporation shall disregard any proxies or votes solicited for such stockholder s director nominees (and any such nominee shall be disqualified). Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.12, unless otherwise required by law, if the stockholder (or a Qualified Representative of the stockholder (as defined below)) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present a nomination or proposed business, such nomination shall be disregarded and such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. If a stockholder has given timely notice as required herein to make a nomination or bring a proposal of other business before any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and intends to authorize a Qualified Representative to act for such stockholder as a proxy to present the nomination or proposal at such meeting, the stockholder shall give notice of such authorization in writing to the Secretary not less than three (3) business days before the date of such meeting, including the name and contact information for such person. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 1.12, unless otherwise required by law, no stockholder shall solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Corporation s nominees unless such stockholder has complied with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act in connection with the solicitation of 
 - 14 - 

such proxies, including the provision to the Corporation of notices required thereunder in a timely manner. 
 (ii) The Board may request that any Proposing Person, and any proposed nominee of such Proposing Person, furnish such additional information as may be reasonably required by the Board. Such Proposing Person and or proposed nominee thereof shall provide such additional information within ten (10) days after it has been requested by the Board. The Board may require any such proposed nominee to submit to interviews with the Board or any committee thereof, and such proposed nominee shall make themself available for any such interviews within no less than ten (10) business days following the date of such request. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.12, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth herein, for the avoidance of doubt including, but not limited to, Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act. Nothing in this Section 1.12 shall be deemed to affect any rights of (a) stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or (b) the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors pursuant to any applicable provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 (c) For purposes of these Bylaws the following definitions shall apply 
 (A) a person shall be deemed to be Acting in Concert with another person if such person knowingly acts (whether or not pursuant to an express agreement, arrangement or understanding) in concert with, or toward a common goal relating to the management, governance or control of the Corporation in substantial parallel with, such other person where (1) each person is conscious of the other person s conduct or intent and this awareness is an element in their decision-making processes and (2) at least one additional factor suggests that such persons intend to act in concert or in substantial parallel, which such additional factors may include, without limitation, exchanging information (whether publicly or privately), attending meetings, conducting discussions or making or soliciting invitations to act in concert or in substantial parallel provided that a person shall not be deemed to be Acting in Concert with any other person solely as a result of the solicitation or receipt of revocable proxies or consents from such other person in response to a solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 14(a) (or any successor provision) of the Exchange Act by way of a proxy or consent solicitation statement filed on Schedule 14A. A person Acting in Concert with another person shall be deemed to be Acting in Concert with any third party who is also Acting in Concert with such other person 
 (B) affiliate and associate shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act provided, however, that the term partner as used in the definition of associate shall not include any limited partner that is not involved in the management of the relevant partnership 
 (C) Associated Person shall mean with respect to any subject stockholder or other person (including any proposed nominee) (1) any person 
 - 15 - 

directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such stockholder or other person, (2) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder or other person, (3) any associate of such stockholder or other person, and (4) any person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control or Acting in Concert with any such Associated Person 
 (D) Compensation Arrangement shall mean any direct or indirect compensatory payment or other financial agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation, including any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with candidacy, nomination, service or action as a nominee or as a director of the Corporation 
 (E) Competitor shall mean any entity that provides products or services that compete with or are alternatives to the principal products produced or services provided by the Corporation or its affiliates 
 (F) Proposing Person shall mean (1) the Record Stockholder providing the notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting or nomination of persons for election to the Board at a stockholder meeting, (2) the beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if different, on whose behalf the notice of business proposed to be brought before the annual meeting or nomination of persons for election to the Board at a stockholder meeting is made, and (3) any Associated Person on whose behalf the notice of business proposed to be brought before the annual meeting or nomination of persons for election to the Board at a stockholder meeting is made 
 (G) Public Announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 (H) to be considered a Qualified Representative of a stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager, trustee or partner of such stockholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as a proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction thereof, at the meeting. The Secretary of the Corporation, or any other person who shall be appointed to serve as secretary of the meeting, may require, on behalf of the Corporation, reasonable and appropriate documentation to verify the status of a person purporting to be a Qualified Representative for purposes hereof. 
 Section 1.13 Emergency Bylaws . This Section 1.13 shall be operative during any emergency condition as contemplated by Section 110 of the DGCL (an Emergency ), notwithstanding any different or conflicting provisions in these Bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation or the DGCL. In the event of any Emergency the director or directors in attendance at a meeting of the Board or a standing committee thereof shall constitute a quorum. Such 
 - 16 - 

director or directors in attendance may further take action to appoint one or more of themselves or other directors to membership on any standing or temporary committees of the Board as they shall deem necessary and appropriate. In the event that no directors are able to attend a meeting of the Board or any committee thereof in an Emergency, then the Designated Officers in attendance shall serve as directors, or committee members, as the case may be, for the meeting and will have full powers to act as directors, or committee members, as the case may be, of the Corporation. Except as the Board may otherwise determine, during any Emergency, the Corporation and its directors and officers, may exercise any authority and take any action or measure contemplated by Section 110 of the DGCL. For purposes of this Section 1.13, the term Designated Officer means an officer identified on a numbered list of officers of the Corporation who shall be deemed to be, in the order in which they appear on the list up until a quorum is obtained, directors of the Corporation, or members of a committee of the Board, as the case may be, for purposes of obtaining a quorum during an Emergency, if a quorum of directors or committee members, as the case may be, cannot otherwise be obtained during such Emergency, which list of Designated Officers shall be approved by the Board from time to time but in any event prior to such time or times as an Emergency may have occurred. 
 ARTICLE II BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 Section 2.1 Number Qualifications . The total number of directors constituting the Whole Board shall be fixed from time to time in the manner set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation and the term Whole Board shall have the meaning specified in the Certificate of Incorporation. No decrease in the authorized number of directors constituting the Whole Board shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. Directors need not be stockholders of the Corporation. 
 Section 2.2 Election Resignation Removal Vacancies . Election of directors need not be by written ballot. Unless otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation and subject to the special rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors, the Board shall be divided into three classes, designated as Class I, Class II and Class III. The number of directors in each class shall be divided as nearly equal as is practicable. Each director shall hold office until the annual meeting at which such director s term expires and until such director s successor is elected and qualified or until such director s earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. Any director may resign by delivering a resignation in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation at its principal office or to the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, or the Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon delivery unless it is specified to be effective at a later time or upon the happening of an event. Subject to the special rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors, directors may be removed only as provided by the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. All vacancies occurring in the Board and any newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors shall be filled in the manner set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 Section 2.3 Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board may be held at such places, within or without the State of Delaware, and at such times as the Board may from time to time determine. Notice of regular meetings need not be given if the date, times and places thereof are fixed by resolution of the Board. 
 - 17 - 

Section 2.4 Special Meetings . Special meetings of the Board may be called by the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Lead Independent Director or a majority of the members of the Board then in office and may be held at any time, date or place, within or without the State of Delaware, as the person or persons calling the meeting shall fix. Notice of the time, date and place of such meeting shall be given, orally, in writing or by electronic transmission (including electronic mail), by the person or persons calling the meeting to all directors at least four (4) days before the meeting if the notice is mailed, or at least twenty-four (24) hours before the meeting if such notice is given by telephone, hand delivery or electronic transmission provided, however , that if, under the circumstances, the Chairperson of the Board, the Lead Independent Director or the Chief Executive Officer calling a special meeting deems that more immediate action is necessary or appropriate, notice may be delivered on the day of such special meeting. Unless otherwise indicated in the notice, any and all business may be transacted at a special meeting. 
 Section 2.5 Remote Meetings Permitted . Members of the Board, or any committee of the Board, may participate in a meeting of the Board or such committee by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to conference telephone or other communications equipment shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 
 Section 2.6 Quorum Vote Required for Action . At all meetings of the Board, a majority of the Whole Board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting to another place, date or time. Except as otherwise provided herein or in the Certificate of Incorporation, or required by law, the vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board. 
 Section 2.7 Organization . Meetings of the Board shall be presided over by (a) the Chairperson of the Board, or (b) in the absence of such person, the Lead Independent Director, or (c) in such person s absence, by the Chief Executive Officer, or (d) in such person s absence, by a chairperson chosen by the Board at the meeting. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in such person s absence the chairperson of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 
 Section 2.8 Unanimous Action by Directors in Lieu of a Meeting . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission. After an action is taken, the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions shall be filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee, as applicable. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 
 Section 2.9 Powers . Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or the DGCL, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board. 
 - 18 - 

Section 2.10 Compensation of Directors . Members of the Board, as such, may receive, pursuant to a resolution of the Board, fees and other compensation for their services as directors, including without limitation their services as members of committees of the Board. 
 Section 2.11 Confidentiality . Each director shall maintain the confidentiality of, and shall not share with any third party person or entity (including third parties that originally sponsored, nominated or designated such director (the Sponsoring Party )), any non-public information learned in their capacities as directors, including communications among Board members in their capacities as directors. The Board may adopt a board confidentiality policy further implementing and interpreting this bylaw (a Board Confidentiality Policy ). All directors are required to comply with this bylaw and any such Board Confidentiality Policy unless such director or the Sponsoring Party for such director has entered into a specific written agreement with the Corporation, in either case as approved by the Board, providing otherwise with respect to such confidential information. 
 ARTICLE III COMMITTEES 
 Section 3.1 Committees . The Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of the committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting of such committee who are not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in a resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to the following matters (a) approving, adopting, or recommending to the stockholders any action or matter (other than the election or removal of members of the Board) expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval or (b) adopting, amending or repealing any bylaw of the Corporation. 
 Section 3.2 Committee Rules . Each committee shall keep records of its proceedings and make such reports as the Board may from time to time request. Unless the Board otherwise provides, each committee designated by the Board may make, alter and repeal rules for the conduct of its business. In the absence of such rules, each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the Board conducts its business pursuant to Article II of these Bylaws. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws or the resolution of the Board designating the committee, any committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of the committee, and may delegate to any such subcommittee any or all of the powers and authority of the committee. 
 ARTICLE IV OFFICERS CHAIRPERSON LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
 Section 4.1 Generally . The officers of the Corporation shall consist of a Chief Executive Officer (who may be the Chairperson of the Board or the President), a President, a Secretary and a Treasurer and may consist of such other officers, including, without limitation, a Chief Financial Officer, and one or more Vice Presidents, as may from time to time be appointed 
 - 19 - 

by the Board. All officers shall be elected by the Board provided , however , that the Board may empower the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation to appoint any officer other than the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer or the Treasurer. Except as otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, each officer shall hold office until such officer s successor is duly elected and qualified or until such officer s earlier resignation, death, disqualification or removal. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. Any officer may resign by delivering a resignation in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation at its principal office or to the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, or the Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon delivery unless it is specified to be effective at some later time or upon the happening of some later event. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation by death, resignation, removal or otherwise may be filled by the Board and the Board may, in its discretion, leave unfilled, for such period as it may determine, any offices. Each such successor shall hold office for the unexpired term of such officer s predecessor and until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until such officer s earlier resignation, death, disqualification or removal. 
 Section 4.2 Chief Executive Officer . Subject to the control of the Board and such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board, the powers and duties of the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation are 
 (a) to act as the general manager and, subject to the control of the Board, to have general supervision, direction and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation 
 (b) subject to Section 1.6 of these Bylaws, to preside at all meetings of the stockholders 
 (c) subject to Section 1.2 of these Bylaws, to call special meetings of the stockholders to be held at such times and, subject to the limitations prescribed by law or by these Bylaws, at such places as he or she shall deem proper and 
 (d) to affix the signature of the Corporation to all deeds, conveyances, mortgages, guarantees, leases, obligations, bonds, certificates and other papers and instruments in writing which have been authorized by the Board or which, in the judgment of the Chief Executive Officer, should be executed on behalf of the Corporation to sign certificates for shares of stock of the Corporation (if any) and, subject to the direction of the Board, to have general charge of the property of the Corporation and to supervise and control all officers, agents and employees of the Corporation. 
 The person holding the office of President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation unless the Board shall designate another officer to be the Chief Executive Officer. 
 Section 4.3 Chairperson of the Board . Subject to the provisions of Section 2.7 of these Bylaws, the Chairperson of the Board shall have the power to preside at all meetings of the Board and shall have such other powers and duties as provided in these Bylaws and as the Board may from time to time prescribe. The Chairperson of the Board may or may not be an officer of the Corporation. 
 - 20 - 

Section 4.4 Lead Independent Director . The Board may, in its discretion, elect a lead independent director from among its members that are Independent Directors (as defined below) (such director, the Lead Independent Director ). The Lead Independent Director shall preside at all meetings at which the Chairperson of the Board is not present and shall exercise such other powers and duties as may from time to time be assigned to him or her by the Board or as prescribed by these Bylaws. For purposes of these Bylaws, Independent Director has the meaning ascribed to such term under the rules of the exchange upon which the Corporation s Class A Common Stock is primarily traded. 
 Section 4.5 President . The person holding the office of Chief Executive Officer shall be the President of the Corporation unless the Board shall have designated one individual as the President and a different individual as the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation. Subject to the provisions of these Bylaws and to the direction of the Board, and subject to the supervisory powers of the Chief Executive Officer (if the Chief Executive Officer is an officer other than the President), and subject to such supervisory powers and authority as may be given by the Board to the Chairperson of the Board, and or to any other officer, the President shall have the responsibility for the general management and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation and the general supervision and direction of all of the officers, employees and agents of the Corporation (other than the Chief Executive Officer, if the Chief Executive Officer is an officer other than the President) and shall perform all duties and have all powers that are commonly incident to the office of President or that are delegated to the President by the Board. 
 Section 4.6 Chief Financial Officer . The person holding the office of Chief Financial Officer shall be the Treasurer of the Corporation unless the Board shall have designated another officer as the Treasurer of the Corporation. Subject to the direction of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer shall perform all duties and have all powers that are commonly incident to the office of Chief Financial Officer, or as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time prescribe. 
 Section 4.7 Treasurer . The person holding the office of Treasurer shall have custody of all monies and securities of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall make such disbursements of the funds of the Corporation as are authorized and shall render from time to time an account of all such transactions. The Treasurer shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as are commonly incident to the office of Treasurer, or as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time prescribe. 
 Section 4.8 Vice President . Each Vice President shall have all such powers and duties as are commonly incident to the office of Vice President or that are delegated to him or her by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. A Vice President may be designated by the Board to perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Chief Executive Officer or President in the event of the Chief Executive Officer s or President s absence or disability. 
 Section 4.9 Secretary . The Secretary shall issue or cause to be issued all authorized notices for, and shall keep, or cause to be kept, minutes of all meetings of the stockholders and the Board. The Secretary shall have charge of the corporate minute books and similar records and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as are commonly incident to the office of Secretary, or as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time prescribe. 
 - 21 - 

Section 4.10 Delegation of Authority . The Board may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer of the Corporation to any other officers or agents of the Corporation, notwithstanding any provision hereof. 
 Section 4.11 Removal . Any officer of the Corporation shall serve at the pleasure of the Board and may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the Board provided that if the Board has empowered the Chief Executive Officer to appoint any officer of the Corporation, then such officer may also be removed by the Chief Executive Officer. Such removal shall be without prejudice to the contractual rights of such officer, if any, with the Corporation. 
 ARTICLE V STOCK 
 Section 5.1 Certificates Uncertificated Shares . The shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated shares provided , however , that the resolution of the Board that the shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated shares shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation (or the transfer agent or registrar, as the case may be). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be certificated shares. Every holder of stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation, by any two authorized officers of the Corporation (it being understood that each of the Chairperson of the Board, the Vice-Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Vice President, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary, and any Assistant Secretary shall be an authorized officer for such purpose), representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were an officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 
 Section 5.2 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Stock Certificates Issuance of New Certificates or Uncertificated Shares . The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate previously issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owner s legal representative, to agree to indemnify the Corporation and or to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it, against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares. 
 Section 5.3 Other Regulations . Subject to applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation and these Bylaws, the issue, transfer, conversion and registration of shares represented by certificates and of uncertificated shares shall be governed by such other regulations as the Board may establish. 
 ARTICLE VI INDEMNIFICATION 
 Section 6.1 Indemnification of Officers and Directors . Each person who was or is made a party to, or is threatened to be made a party to, or is involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, legislative, 
 - 22 - 

investigative or any other type whatsoever, preliminary, informal or formal, including any arbitration or other alternative dispute resolution (including but not limited to giving testimony or responding to a subpoena) and including any appeal of any of the foregoing (a Proceeding ), by reason of the fact that such person (or a person of whom such person is the legal representative), is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while serving as a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of another corporation, or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise or non-profit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans (for purposes of this Article VI, an Indemnitee ), shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than such law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expenses, costs, liability and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such Indemnitee in connection therewith, provided such Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner that the Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the Indemnitee s conduct was unlawful. Such indemnification shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of such Indemnitees heirs, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to Section 6.5 of these Bylaws, the Corporation shall indemnify any such Indemnitee seeking indemnity in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such Indemnitee only if such Proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board or such indemnification is authorized by an agreement approved by the Board. 
 Section 6.2 Advance of Expenses . Notwithstanding any other provision of these Bylaws, the Corporation shall pay all reasonable expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by an Indemnitee in defending any Proceeding in advance of its final disposition provided , however , that if the DGCL then so requires, the advancement of such expenses (i.e., payment of such expenses as incurred or otherwise in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding) shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such Indemnitee, to repay such amounts if it shall ultimately be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgement not subject to appeal that such Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article VI or otherwise. Any advances of expenses or undertakings to repay pursuant to this Section 6.2 shall be unsecured, interest free and without regard to Indemnitee s ability to pay. 
 Section 6.3 Non-Exclusivity of Rights . The rights conferred on any person in this Article VI shall not be exclusive of any other right that such person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote or consent of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. Additionally, nothing in this Article VI shall limit the ability of the Corporation, in its discretion, to indemnify or advance expenses to persons whom the Corporation is not obligated to indemnify or advance expenses pursuant to this Article VI. 
 - 23 - 

Section 6.4 Indemnification Contracts . The Board is authorized to cause the Corporation to enter into indemnification contracts with any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or any person serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including employee benefit plans, providing indemnification or advancement rights to such person. Such rights may be greater than those provided in this Article VI. 
 Section 6.5 Right of Indemnitee to Bring Suit . The following shall apply to the extent not in conflict with any indemnification contract provided for in Section 6.4 of these Bylaws. 
 6.5.1 Right to Bring Suit . If a claim under Section 6.1 or 6.2 of these Bylaws is not paid in full by the Corporation within sixty (60) days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be twenty (20) days, the Indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If the Indemnitee is successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Indemnitee also shall be entitled to be paid, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit. In any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that the Indemnitee has not met any applicable standard of conduct which makes it permissible under the DGCL (or other applicable law) for the Corporation to indemnify the Indemnitee for the amount claimed. 
 6.5.2 Effect of Determination . Neither the absence of a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of or the providing of advancement to the Indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in applicable law, nor an actual determination that the Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the Indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. 
 6.5.3 Burden of Proof . In any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Article VI, or otherwise, shall be on the Corporation. 
 Section 6.6 Nature of Rights . The rights conferred upon Indemnitees in this Article VI shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer or trustee and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnitee s heirs, executors and administrators. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article VI that adversely affects any right of an Indemnitee or an Indemnitee s successors shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any right or protection conferred on a person pursuant to this Article VI with respect to any Proceeding involving any occurrence or alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that took place prior to such amendment, repeal or modification. 
 - 24 - 

Section 6.7 Insurance . The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise or non-profit entity against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL. 
 Section 6.8 Indemnification for Successful Defense . To the extent that an Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Proceeding (or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein), such Indemnitee shall be indemnified under this Section 6.8 against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred in connection with such defense. Indemnification under this Section 6.8 shall not be subject to satisfaction of a standard of conduct, and the Corporation may not assert the failure to satisfy a standard of conduct as a basis to deny indemnification or recover amounts advanced, including in a suit brought pursuant to Section 6.5 (notwithstanding anything to the contrary therein) provided, however, that, any Indemnitee who is not a current or former director or officer (as such term is defined in the final sentence of Section 145(c)(1) of the DGCL) shall be entitled to indemnification under Section 6.1 and this Section 6.8 only if such Indemnitee has satisfied the standard of conduct required for indemnification under Section 145(a) or Section 145(b) of the DGCL. 
 ARTICLE VII NOTICES 
 Section 7.1 Notice . 
 7.1.1 Form and Delivery . Except as otherwise required by law, notice may be given in writing directed to a stockholder s mailing address as it appears on the records of the Corporation and shall be given (a) if mailed, when notice is deposited in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid and (b) if delivered by courier service, the earlier of when the notice is received or left at such stockholder s address. So long as the Corporation is subject to the Securities and Exchange Commission s proxy rules set forth in Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, notice shall be given in the manner required by such rules. To the extent permitted by such rules, or if the Corporation is not subject to Regulation 14A, notice may be given by electronic transmission directed to the stockholder s electronic mail address, and if so given, shall be given when directed to such stockholder s electronic mail address unless the stockholder has notified the Corporation in writing or by electronic transmission of an objection to receiving notice by electronic mail or such notice is prohibited by Section 232(e) of the DGCL. If notice is given by electronic mail, such notice shall comply with the applicable provisions of Sections 232(a) and 232(d) of the DGCL. Notice may be given by other forms of electronic transmission with the consent of a stockholder in the manner permitted by Section 232(b) of the DGCL and shall be deemed given as provided therein. 
 7.1.2 Affidavit of Giving Notice . An affidavit of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or of the transfer agent or other agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. 
 Section 7.2 Waiver of Notice . Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver of notice, signed by the person entitled to notice, or waiver by electronic transmission by such 
 - 25 - 

person, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders, directors or members of a committee of directors need be specified in any waiver of notice. 
 ARTICLE VIII INTERESTED DIRECTORS 
 Section 8.1 Interested Directors . No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its members of the Board or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers are members of the board of directors or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board or committee thereof that authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because his, her or their votes are counted for such purpose, if (a) the material facts as to his, her or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board or the committee, and the Board or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum (b) the material facts as to his, her or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders or (c) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board, a committee thereof, or the stockholders. 
 Section 8.2 Quorum . Interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction. 
 ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 9.1 Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be determined by resolution of the Board. 
 Section 9.2 Seal . The Board may provide for a corporate seal, which may have the name of the Corporation inscribed thereon and shall otherwise be in such form as may be approved from time to time by the Board. 
 Section 9.3 Form of Records . Any records administered by or on behalf of the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its stock ledger, books of account and minute books, may be kept on or by means of, or be in the form of any other information storage device, method or one or more electronic networks or databases (including one or more distributed electronic networks or databases), electronic or otherwise, provided that the records so kept can be converted into clearly legible paper form within a reasonable time and otherwise comply with the DGCL. The Corporation shall so convert any records so kept upon the request of any person entitled to inspect such records pursuant to any provision of the DGCL. 
 - 26 - 

Section 9.4 Reliance Upon Books and Records . A member of the Board, or a member of any committee designated by the Board shall, in the performance of such person s duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the books and records of the Corporation and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of the Corporation s officers or employees, or committees of the Board, or by any other person as to matters the member reasonably believes are within such other person s professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation. 
 Section 9.5 Certificate of Incorporation Governs . In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation shall govern. 
 Section 9.6 Severability . If any provision of these Bylaws shall be held to be invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, then such provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the maximum extent possible consistent with such holding and the remaining provisions of these Bylaws (including without limitation, all portions of any section of these Bylaws containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the Certificate of Incorporation, that are not themselves invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the Certificate of Incorporation) shall remain in full force and effect. 
 Section 9.7 Time Periods . In applying any provision of these Bylaws which requires that an act be done or not be done a specified number of days prior to an event or that an act be done during a period of a specified number of days prior to an event, calendar days shall be used, the day of the doing of the act shall be excluded, and the day of the event shall be included. 
 ARTICLE X AMENDMENT 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of these Bylaws, any alteration, amendment or repeal of these Bylaws, and any adoption of new Bylaws, shall require the approval of the Board or the stockholders of the Corporation as expressly provided in the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 ARTICLE XI EXCLUSIVE FORUM 
 Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any security of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article XI. 
 ________________________ 
 - 27 - 

CERTIFICATION OF AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 OF 
 PUBMATIC, INC. 
 (a Delaware corporation) 
 I, Andrew Woods, certify that I am General Counsel and Secretary of PubMatic, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), that I am duly authorized to make and deliver this certification, that the attached Bylaws are a true and complete copy of the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation in effect as of the date of this certificate. 
 Dated February 27, 2023 
 s Andrew Woods 
 
 General Counsel and Secretary 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-10.9>
 3
 ex1092023executivebonusplan.htm
 EX-10.9

Document 

Exhibit 10.9 

2023 Executive Bonus Plan 

Overview 
 This 2023 Executive Bonus Plan Plan specifies the terms and conditions under which eligible executive employees of PubMatic, Inc. and or its subsidiaries Company or PubMatic may receive bonuses from the Company and how the Plan will be administered. This Plan states how bonuses are calculated, but it does not change your target bonus. Please read this entire document carefully, as important aspects of the Plan and your potential bonus are detailed in this document. 
 
 This Plan is for the plan year January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023 (the Plan Period ). The Company reserves the right to modify, extend, withdraw or terminate this Plan, prospectively, at any time. 
 
 Purpose of Plan 
 The purpose of the Plan is to reward executive employees for achieving defined objectives and financial targets, to help the Company achieve its overall goals, and to retain high-performing employees. 
 
 Plan Objectives 
 The primary objective of the Plan is to promote business success by 
 
 Creating a uniform plan for executives that is consistent with the market. 
 Incenting executives to focus on Company targets and Individual Action Plans. 
 Providing an opportunity to receive a bonus beyond current bonus targets, should the Company exceed performance targets. 
 
 Participants and Eligibility 
 An executive employee of the Company is eligible to participate in the Plan if the following eligibility criteria are met 
 
 You are one of the following executives of the Company Chief Executive Officer Chief Innovation Officer Chief Financial Officer President, Engineering Chief Commercial Officer Chief Growth Officer Chief Technology Officer Chief Marketing Officer General Counsel SVP, Product Management SVP, Human Resources, or any other position as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company or a designated committee thereto (the Board ). 
 The executive employee is not an eligible participant under any other bonus plan generally available to employees of PubMatic for the Plan Period and 
 The employee is employed in Good Standing by PubMatic in a regular, full-time position through the Bonus Payment Date, subject to applicable law. 
 
 Executive employees who are eligible to participate in the Plan are referred to herein as Participants. Each Participant must sign, date, and return a copy of this Plan to the Company before the Participant is eligible to receive any payments or benefits under the Plan, subject to applicable law. 
 
 Definitions 
 1H The first half of a calendar year, meaning January 1 through June 30. 
 
 2H The second half of a calendar year, meaning July 1 through December 31. 
 
 Adjusted Pre-Tax Net Income Company s earnings before income taxes and excluding stock-based compensation costs. 
 
 Bonus Payment Date The date occurring after the close of the annual review process as approved by the Board, which date shall be the next scheduled payroll on or after March 15, 2024. 

Bonus Pool The total aggregate target bonus amount of all eligible Participants under this Plan as of the end of each half year. For an eligible Participant who works for less than entire half year, such Participant s target bonus amount will be prorated based on the number of days worked during the Plan Period divided by the number of days in the half year. 
 
 Good Standing This means that you have neither received any written warnings for misconduct, nor been placed on a performance improvement plan during the Plan Period. 
 
 Revenue (GAAP) The actual revenue recognized by the Company, as defined by generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). 
 
 Bonus Target Amount 
 Please refer to your offer letter, promotion letter, employment contract, or similar documentation Employment Agreement for your bonus target, or contact Human Resources. 
 
 Criteria 
 A bonus may be paid to a Participant based on factors such as Company performance and continued employment with the Company in Good Standing through the Bonus Payment Date. 
 
 Plan Components and Weightings 
 The Plan consists of 
 
 Financial Metric Component . The financial metric component of a Participant s bonus will be weighted in the aggregate at 100 , and annual attainment will be measured based on the half-year Company performance targets and weightings specified in in Exhibit A. 
 
 Performance Based Adjustments to the Bonus Pool. The Adjusted Pre-Tax Net Income metric will be used to determine the half year adjustment to the Bonus Pool based on the targets specified in Exhibit B. Any adjustments to the Bonus Pool amount will be distributed on a prorated basis to all eligible Participants based on their respective bonus target amounts. This adjustment will occur after the calculation of the preliminary bonus amount detailed in the Bonus Calculation section below. 
 
 For example, if the Bonus Pool is 600k for 1H and a Participant has a 60,000 target bonus, the Participant s preliminary bonus amount will be subject to 10.0 of any adjustment, positive or negative, to the Bonus Pool. 
 
 For each component of the Plan, a 50 weighting will apply to 1H 2023 and a 50 weighting will apply to 2H 2023. 
 
 Minimum Achievement In order for any bonus payout to be earned for the year, the Financial Metric Component in the aggregate for the year must equal or exceed 80 of the target specified in Exhibit A hereto, prior to applying any multipliers. 
 Multipliers 
 Multipliers will be applied to achievement on financial metrics based on Company performance for each half-year. 
 The resulting percentage achievement, as applicable, will factor into the Participant s bonus payout for the year per the table below. 
 Multipliers are calculated using the square method multiplying the achievement against itself to come up with the final achievement. For example, an achievement of 110 would yield an achievement used for end of year calculation of 121 (110 x 110 121 ). 

Multiplier Table Example 
 
 Achievement in Aggregate Multiplier 
 Final Achievement Result 
 80 80 
 64.0 94 94 
 88.4 
 95 95 
 90.3 100 100 
 100.0 110 110 
 121.0 134 134 
 179.6 185 185 
 342.3 

Bonus Calculation 
 The bonus calculation for each year is a two-step process. Bonus calculations are prorated for days worked in the Plan Period, subject to applicable law. 
 Steps 
 1. The financial metrics are calculated. If the weighted average is over the minimum achievement of 80 specified above, multipliers will be applied to the financial metric, which will be used to calculate the preliminary bonus amount. 
 2. For every 1 above the Adjusted Pre-Tax Net Income target specified in Exhibit B hereto, cents will be added to the Bonus Pool for 1H. For every 1 below the Adjusted Pre-Tax Net Income Target, 3 cents will be removed from the Bonus Pool for 1H (this amount will be revised as part of the 2H planning process). Any adjustments to the Bonus Pool will be applied on a prorated basis to the preliminary bonus amount and a final bonus amount will be calculated. 
 Bonus calculation for each Participant, including any Bonus Pool adjustment, for each half is capped at 250 of the Participant s target bonus. Bonus payouts are then prorated based on the number of days worked during the Plan Period divided by the number of days in Plan Period. 
 Bonus Calculation Example 

Company-Approved Leaves of Absence 
 If a Participant goes on a Company-approved leave of absence in excess of thirty (30) days, the Company may revise the Participant s targets on a pro-rated basis from thirty (30) days following the last day of work prior to leave and the first day of work upon return from leave. Bonuses for a Plan Period during which a Participant is on a Company-approved leave of absence will be prorated and will not accrue after thirty (30) days while the Participant is on leave, subject to applicable law. 
 
 Standards of Conduct 
 Any violation of the Company s policies, including PubMatic s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and or Anti-Bribery Policy, may result in a negative penalty on eligibility to accrue and or receive bonuses under this Plan, and may subject the Participant to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. 
 
 By signing below, Participant agrees to abide by any and all Company policies in effect during the Plan Year. 
 
 Participants Who Become Ineligible or Who Are Terminated 
 If a Participant becomes ineligible to participate in the Plan because the Participant is transferred into a Company position that is not eligible to participate in this Plan, the Participant s targets under this Plan will be pro-rated according to the last day of work under this Plan immediately prior to the transfer. 
 
 If a Participant becomes ineligible to participate in the Plan because the Participant s employment with the Company terminates for any reason or the Participant is under notice of employment termination (whether given or received) prior to the applicable Bonus Payment Date (i.e., by voluntary resignation, involuntary termination, or death or otherwise), the Participant s eligibility to earn any future bonus under this Plan shall cease on the Participant s final day of employment, except to the extent prohibited by applicable law. To be clear, for a Participant to earn any bonus under this Plan, the Participant must be employed on the Bonus Payment Date, except as prohibited by law. 
 
 Overpayment of Bonuses 
 By signing the Plan, the Participant agrees to promptly repay the Company for any bonus overpayment made to the Participant (e.g., due to miscalculation, payroll errors), and agrees to authorize the Company to make deductions from the Participant s earned wages and or future bonus payments under the Plan, to recover any overpayments. In the event the Participant and the Company cannot agree on repayment terms, the Company reserves all its legal rights, including its right to initiate legal action to recover the overpayment and or to deduct the overpayment from the Participant s earned wages (including the Participant s final paycheck) in accordance with applicable laws. 
 
 Company s Rights 
 The Company reserves the right to accept and reject customers and proposed agreements with customers, to set and modify prices and discounts, and to otherwise make all decisions with respect to the Company s business. No bonuses will be earned for any contracts not approved by, or otherwise rejected by, the Company for any reason. 
 
 Plan Administration 
 This Plan is authorized and administered by the Board, who has sole authority to interpret the Plan and to make or nullify any provision or procedure, as deemed necessary, for proper administration of the Plan, or a designed committee of the Board. Unless otherwise prohibited by law, any determination by the Board or its designated committee regarding the Plan or any of its provisions or procedures shall be final and binding as to all affected Participants. 

Plan Changes or Discontinuance 
 Except as limited by applicable law, the Company reserves the right to modify, discontinue, or otherwise change the Plan or any of its provisions at any time for any reason, including, without limitation, the right to modify or change a Participant s weightings, targets metrics, achievement criteria (including thresholds or caps for specific target achievement) or bonus payments to account, among other things, for Company financial performance, change in market conditions, client circumstances that are outside of Participant control, non-recurring charges, makegoods or other financial factors, as well as a Participant s performance or failure to comply with the Company s policies or procedures. Any such modification, discontinuance or change shall be made in a written document and provided to the affected Participant or Participants. 
 
 At-Will Employment 
 If Participant is an at-will employee, nothing in this Plan alters or modifies the at-will nature of a Participant s employment with the Company, and the Participant and the Company have the right to terminate the at-will employment relationship at any time, with or without notice or cause, except as limited by applicable laws or the Participant s Employment Agreement. 
 
 Governing Law 
 This Plan and all agreements hereunder, including any attachments, schedules, exhibits, and subsequent modifications to the Plan, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, USA without giving effect to that body of laws pertaining to conflict of laws. 
 
 Signature 
 By signing below, you acknowledge that you have carefully read this document and understand its terms. Additionally, you agree that this document contains the entire agreement between you and the Company regarding your participation in a Company bonus plan for the Plan Period, and supersedes any and all other bonus plans or agreements or arrangements you have or may have had with the Company, including any such Company bonus plan covering the Company s immediately prior fiscal year. To be clear, if you do not sign and return this Plan to the Company, you shall not be eligible to continue to receive bonus payments with regard to the Plan Period under the terms of any such prior bonus plans to which you have been subject. 
 
 If you are signing this document by electronic signature such as Adobe Sign (i) you agree, and it is your intent, to sign this document and affirmation by electronic signature such as Adobe Sign and by electronically submitting this document to the Company (ii) you understand that your signing and submitting this record document in this fashion is the legal equivalent of having placed your handwritten signature on the submitted record document and this affirmation and (iii) you understand and agree that by electronically signing and submitting this record document in this fashion, you are affirming to the truth of the information contained therein. 
 
 Participant 

By ___________________________________________________________ 
 
 Name _________________________ 
 
 Date ____________________________________________ 

PubMatic 
 
 _______________________________ 
 Rajeev Goel, Co-Founder & CEO 

Exhibit A-- 2023 Company Performance Metric Targets 
 
 Portions of this exhibit have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10). The omitted information is not material and is the type of information that the Company customarily and actually treats as private and confidential.) 
 
 Metric Weight 1H 2023 Target 2H 2023Target Revenue (GAAP) 100 

Exhibit B FY 2023 Adjusted Pre-Tax Net Income Achievement 
 Portions of this exhibit have been redacted in compliance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10). The omitted information is not material and is the type of information that the Company customarily and actually treats as private and confidential.) 
 
 Metric 1H 2023 Target 2H 2023 Target Adjusted Pre-Tax Net Income 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF PUBMATIC, INC. 
 
 Name Jurisdiction PubMatic India Private Limited 
 6th Floor, Amar Paradigm, Baner Road, near D-mart 
 Pune, Maharashtra 411045, India 
 India 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex231consentofdeloitte.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Registration Statement on Form S-8 of our report dated February 28, 2023, relating to the financial statements of PubMatic, Inc. and the effectiveness of PubMatic, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of PubMatic, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 San Jose, California 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 q42022exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Rajeev K. Goel, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PubMatic, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated February 28, 2023 
 By s Rajeev K. Goel 
 Rajeev K. Goel Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 q42022exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Steven Pantelick, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PubMatic, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated February 28, 2023 
 By s Steven Pantelick 
 Steven Pantelick Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 q42022exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Rajeev K. Goel, Chief Executive Officer of PubMatic, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated February 28, 2023 
 By s Rajeev K. Goel 
 Rajeev K. Goel Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of PubMatic, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 q42022exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Steven Pantelick, Chief Financial Officer of PubMatic, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated February 28, 2023 
 By s Steven Pantelick 
 Steven Pantelick Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of PubMatic, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 pubm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 pubm-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 pubm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 pubm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 pubm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

