<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1844452_0001213900-23-024857.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4685628</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>353718</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>913389</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>983656</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1200411</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1118834</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024857.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330202505
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024857
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Intuitive Machines, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001844452
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEARCH, DETECTION, NAVIGATION, GUIDANCE, AERONAUTICAL SYS [3812]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40823
		FILM NUMBER:		23782501

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		34 EAST 51ST STREET
		STREET 2:		5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 319-1309

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		34 EAST 51ST STREET
		STREET 2:		5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Inflection Point Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024857.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_intuitivemac.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered (The Nasdaq Global Market) Warrants to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock, each at an exercise price of 11.50 per share LUNRW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (The Nasdaq Global Market) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Small reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES NO 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. IPAX ),
predecessor of the registrant, on June 30, 2022, based on the closing price of 9.69 for shares of IPAX s Class A ordinary
shares, was approximately . As of June 30, 2022, the registrant s Class A common stock was not publicly traded. 

As of March 29, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s
common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 ii 
 
 MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA 
 ii 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 iii 
 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 iv 
 
 PART
 I 
 1 
 
 Item
 1. Business. 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. Risk Factors. 
 8 
 
 Item
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 27 
 
 Item
 2. Properties. 
 27 
 
 Item
 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 27 
 
 Item
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 27 
 
 PART
 II 
 28 
 
 Item
 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 28 
 
 Item
 6. [Reserved]. 
 28 
 
 Item
 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 29 
 
 Item
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 36 
 
 Item
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 36 
 
 Item
 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 36 
 
 Item
 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 36 
 
 Item
 9B. Other Information. 
 37 
 
 Item
 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 37 
 
 PART
 III 
 38 
 
 Item
 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 38 
 
 Item
 11. Executive Compensation. 
 40 
 
 Item
 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 46 
 
 Item
 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 48 
 
 Item
 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 52 
 
 PART
 IV 
 53 
 
 Item
 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 53 
 
 Item
 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 54 

i 

BASIS
OF PRESENTATION 

Intuitive
Machines, Inc. Intuitive Machines (formerly known as Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. or IPAX was a
blank check company originally incorporated on January 27, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. On September
24, 2021, IPAX consummated an initial public offering, after which its securities began trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ).
On September 16, 2022, IPAX entered into that certain Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement by and between IPAX and Intuitive Machines, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (formerly, a Texas limited liability company) Intuitive
Machines OpCo or Legacy Intuitive Machines ). 

On
February 13, 2023 (the Closing Date ), we consummated the previously announced business combination (the Business
Combination and related transactions (the Transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, following
which IPAX was renamed Intuitive Machines, Inc. On February 14, 2023, our shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001
per share (the Class A Common Stock and warrants to purchase the Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per
share (the Public Warrants began trading on Nasdaq under the symbols, LUNR and LUNRW, respectively. 

As
a result of the Transactions, we are a holding company, all of whose assets are held directly by, and all of whose operations are conducted
through, Intuitive Machines OpCo and whose only direct asset consists of equity ownership of Intuitive Machines OpCo. As the managing
member of Intuitive Machines OpCo, we have all management powers over, and full control of, the business of Intuitive Machines OpCo,
including the power to take all action we deem necessary, appropriate, advisable, incidental, or convenient to accomplish the purposes
of Intuitive Machines OpCo set forth in its operating agreement (the A R Operating Agreement ), except with respect
to actions that require the approval of the members of Intuitive Machines OpCo or as otherwise provided in the A R Operating Agreement. 

Unless otherwise indicated, the historical financial
information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report ), including the audited financial statements
and the notes thereto in Part II. Item 8 and the information in Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations are that of IPAX prior to the consummation of the Transactions. The audited consolidated
financial statements of Intuitive Machines OpCo will be included in Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K,
which is anticipated to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on or about March 30, 2023. 

The
Business Combination will be accounted for as a common control transaction, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded, in
accordance with GAAP. Under this method of accounting, IPAX will be treated as the acquired company for financial
reporting purposes. Under the guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting
Standards Codification Topic 805, Business Combinations for transactions between entities under common control, the assets, liabilities,
and noncontrolling interests of Intuitive Machines OpCo and IPAX are recognized at their carrying amounts on the date of the Business
Combination. Intuitive Machines OpCo has been determined to be the predecessor to the combined entity. Accordingly, in future reporting
periods, our financial statements will be prepared on a consolidated basis with the financial statements
of Intuitive Machines OpCo beginning on the Closing Date and will represent a continuation of the financial statements of Intuitive Machines
OpCo. 

Unless
otherwise noted or the context otherwise requires, references to the Company, Intuitive Machines, Intuitive
Machines, Inc., we, us, or our refer to the business of Intuitive Machines OpCo, which
became the business of Intuitive Machines, Inc. and its subsidiaries following the consummation of the Transactions. 

References
to a year refer to our fiscal years ended on December 31 of the specified year. 

Certain
monetary amounts, percentages and other figures included herein have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures shown
as totals in certain tables and charts may not be the arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them, and figures expressed
as percentages in the text may not total 100 or, as applicable, when aggregated may not be the arithmetic aggregation of the percentages
that precede them. 

MARKET
AND INDUSTRY DATA 

This
Annual Report includes estimates regarding market and industry data and forecasts, which are based on our own estimates utilizing our
management s knowledge of and experience in, as well as information obtained from our subscribers, trade and business organizations,
and other contacts in the market sectors in which we compete, and from statistical information obtained from publicly available information,
industry publications and surveys, reports from government agencies, and reports by market research firms. We confirm that, where such
information is reproduced herein, such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as we are aware and are able to ascertain
from information published by publicly available sources and other publications, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced
information inaccurate or misleading. Industry publications, reports, and other published data generally state that the information contained
therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but we cannot assure you that the information contained in these reports,
and therefore the information contained in this Annual Report that is derived therefrom, is accurate or complete. Our estimates of our
market position may prove to be inaccurate because of the method by which we obtain some of the data for our estimates or because this
information cannot always be verified with complete certainty due to the limits on the availability and reliability of raw data, the
voluntary nature of the data gathering process, and other limitations and uncertainties. As a result, although we believe our sources
are reliable, we have not independently verified the information and cannot guarantee its accuracy and completeness. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual
Report are forward-looking statements. This includes, without limitation, statements regarding our vision and business strategy, including
the plans and objectives of management for our future operations; our market opportunities, our future revenue opportunities; and our
future performance and financial condition Such statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical
or current facts. When used in this Annual Report, words such as anticipate, believe, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, 
 possible, potential, predict, project, should, strive, 
 would, and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that
a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections, and other statements about future events
that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause
actual future events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report, including, but not limited to: 

our
 ability to adequately market our products and services, and to develop additional products
 and product offerings; 

our
 ability to manage our growth effectively, including through acquisitions; 

failure
 to maintain and protect our reputation for trustworthiness and independence; 

our
 ability to attract, develop, and retain capable management, editors, and other key personnel; 

our
 ability to grow market share in our existing markets or any new markets we may enter; 

adverse
 or weakened conditions in the financial sector, global financial markets, and global economy; 

our
 ability to respond to and adapt to changes in technology and consumer behavior; 

failure
 to successfully identify and integrate acquisitions, or dispose of assets and businesses; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

our
 ability to raise financing in the future and to comply with restrictive covenants related
 to long-term indebtedness; 

our
 ability to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, and
 to address and remediate existing material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
 reporting; 

our
 ability to maintain and protect our intellectual property; and 

other
 factors detailed under the section Summary of Risk Factors and Part I. Item
 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 

These
forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Annual Report and current expectations, forecasts,
and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks, and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied
upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise,
except as may be required under applicable securities laws. We intend the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report
to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

As
a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, our actual results or performance may be materially different from
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

iii 

Summary
Risk Factors 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section entitled Risk Factors 
in this Annual Report, that represent challenges that we face in connection with the successful implementation of our strategy and the
growth of our business. In particular, the following considerations, among others, may offset our competitive strengths or have a negative
effect on our business strategy, which could cause a decline in the price of shares of our common stock or warrants and result in a loss
of all or a portion of your investment: 

Our
 ability to be successful depends upon the efforts of our Board of Directors (our Board and our key personnel and the loss of such persons could negatively impact the operations
 and profitability of our business. 

Our
 limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and the risks
 and challenges we may encounter. 

If
 we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan and
 our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be harmed. 

Competition
 from existing or new companies could cause us to experience downward pressure on prices,
 fewer customer orders, reduced margins, the inability to take advantage of new business opportunities,
 and the loss of market share. 

Unsatisfactory
 safety performance of our spaceflight systems or security incidents at our facilities could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

The
 market for commercial spaceflight has not been established with precision. It is still emerging
 and may not achieve the growth potential we expect or may grow more slowly than expected. 

We
 may experience a total loss of our technology and products and our customers payloads
 if there is an accident on launch or during the journey into space, and any insurance we
 have may not be adequate to cover our loss. Also, due to the inherent risks associated with
 commercial spaceflight, there is the possibility that any accident or catastrophe could lead
 to the loss of human life or a medical emergency. 

We
 rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain materials and supplied components. We may
 not be able to obtain sufficient materials or supplied components to meet our manufacturing
 and operating needs, or obtain such materials on favorable terms. 

Our
 business is substantially dependent on contracts entered into with customers in the ordinary
 course of business. As such, we are subject to counterparty risk. If a counterparty to one
 of our contracts were to default or otherwise fail to perform or be delayed in its performance
 on any of its contractual obligations to us, such default, failure to perform or delay could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
 business with various governmental entities is subject to the policies, priorities, regulations,
 mandates and funding levels of such governmental entities and may be negatively or positively
 impacted by any change thereto. 

We
 are subject to stringent U.S. export and import control laws and regulations and U.S. economic
 sanctions and trade control laws and regulations. 

We
 depend significantly on U.S. government contracts, which often are only partially funded,
 subject to immediate termination, and heavily regulated and audited. The termination or failure
 to fund, or negative audit findings for, one or more of these contracts could have an adverse
 impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our
 actual operating results may differ significantly from our guidance. 

Our
 financial results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. 

Our
 principal asset is our interest in Intuitive Machines OpCo, and, accordingly, we will depend
 on distributions from Intuitive Machines OpCo to pay our taxes and expenses, including payments
 under the Tax Receivable Agreement (as defined in Part I. Item 7. Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual
 Report), and to pay dividends. Intuitive Machines OpCo s ability to make such distributions
 may be subject to various limitations and restrictions. 

We
 are a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq listing standards
 and, as a result, will qualify for, and intend to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate
 governance requirements. You will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders
 of companies that are subject to such requirements. 

iv 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Overview

The
following discussion reflects the business of Intuitive Machines, as currently embodied by Intuitive Machines. 

Our
Vision: A diversified space company initially focused on establishing the lunar infrastructure and basis for
commerce to inform and sustain human presence off Earth. 

Right
Now: Servicing the National Aeronautics and Space Administration NASA and a worldwide set
of commercial payload customers, working to provide access to the lunar surface, cislunar space and data transmission for science, technology,
and infrastructure. 

Tomorrow: Working
to provide a thriving, diverse lunar economy, creating new opportunities and markets to enable on-orbit applications, a permanent
presence on the Moon, and expand the commercial space exploration marketplace. 

We
are working to provide access to the lunar surface and collect and transmit cislunar data for science, technology, and infrastructure
purposes. As of December 31, 2022, we are one of a select few companies servicing NASA and a worldwide set of commercial payload customers.
We believe we have a strong position with a first mover advantage, as evidenced by three Commercial Lunar Payload Services CLPS awards to date, more than any of our competitors as of December 31, 2022. Intuitive Machine s Nova-C lander is intended to
become the first U.S. vehicle to softly land on the lunar surface since 1972. The lander is capable of carrying up to 130 kilograms
of cargo and is designed to execute numerous experiments and technology demonstrations to the lunar surface in 2023. Our goal is for
these missions to be followed up by IM-2, which is intended to become the first object to land at the South Pole of the Moon in human
history, and IM-3, our third CLPS award which will land at Reiner Gamma. These missions, along with additional expeditions, are in partnership
with NASA, Nokia Corporation, SpaceFlight Inc., Columbia Sportswear Company, Aegis Aerospace, Inc. and other commercial players. 

We
offer our customers the flexibility needed to pioneer a thriving and diverse lunar economy designed to enable a permanent presence in
lunar orbit and on the lunar surface. 

Our
Industry 

We
believe the commercial lunar economy is poised for growth given a number of key factors, including reduced barriers to entry in space,
rising geopolitical tensions, and growing demand and program funding from the U.S. government. 

Reduced
Barriers to Entry: The barriers to entry of the lunar economy have diminished significantly over the past
decade. In particular, the costs of launch and lunar exploration have decreased meaningfully since the Apollo missions of the 1960s and
early 1970s. NASA currently estimates that the upcoming Artemis I mission will cost approximately 28 billion to fund. Further,
public-private partnerships, such as NASA s commercial lunar payload contract program, are helping private companies pursue
innovation and make lunar exploration more affordable than in past decades. 

Rising
Geopolitical Tensions: Additionally, there is geopolitical and policy alignment with the return to the
Moon. As described in the 2022 Defense Intelligence Agency report titled Challenges to Security in Space , China and
Russia value superiority in space. As a result, we expect them to seek ways to strengthen their space and counterspace programs, and
determine ways to better integrate them into their respective militaries. Specifically, the Chinese Lunar Exploration Program
is already well underway. In 2020, Chang e 5 successfully returned samples from the Moon. Over the next five years, three
more Chang e 5 missions are planned with the aim of generating products using lunar materials, a practice called in-situ resource
utilization. The success of China and the values placed on superiority in space by other countries, such as Russia, has ignited a 21st-century space
race that is well underway. 

Market
Push: As a result of the aforementioned factors, government funding for lunar missions has significantly
grown as evidenced by the Artemis program. The Artemis program is a bipartisan initiative to return humans to the Moon and eventually
achieve human exploration of Mars. Unlike the Apollo program, the Artemis program is relying heavily upon partnership with the private
sector in order to accomplish its goals in the most cost-effective manner. Total NASA spending on the Artemis program is expected
to reach 93 billion by 2025, according to a recent audit by the NASA Office of Inspector General. The program aims to conduct its
first human landing in 2025 and achieve a sustainable human presence on the Moon with a powered habitable base camp by the late 2020s.
The 2.6 billion CLPS program that we lead was created to deliver scientific instruments to the Moon to gather data in preparation
for the human landing and eventually to deliver support equipment for human presence. Beyond Artemis and CLPS, the Lunar Gateway and
Tipping Point contracts (with an approximately value of over 1.0 billion) are incremental evidence of the significant traction
in the lunar market. Lunar Gateway is a series of three elements that will create a space station in lunar orbit scheduled to launch
in 2024. Tipping Point is a NASA program that seeks industry-developed space technologies that can foster the development of commercial
space capabilities and benefit future NASA missions. 

1 

Our
Opportunity 

We
believe we are well-positioned to help ignite the cislunar economy by reducing cost of access while providing reliable missions
on a defined schedule. We intend to accomplish this goal by integrating proven commercial technologies where they exist and solving the
hardest problems in a vertically integrated manner. We believe we have already demonstrated success in this approach with our propulsion
and Guidance, Navigation and Control GN C systems, both of which were designed and are produced in-house. We believe
that space is the next economic frontier and the increased demand from governments, intelligence agencies, commercial industries, and
private individuals has created multiple avenues for long-term growth. We are strongly positioned to exploit this growing market
and become a leader with its proprietary technology and active backlog of customers. 

The
end markets that Intuitive Machines addresses represent over 175.0 billion in annual spending and include Space Exploration (estimated
NASA spending of 25.0 billion in 2022), National Security Space (estimated Space Force, SDA and MDA spending of 30.0 billion
in 2022) and Commercial Satellite Services (estimated spending of 123.0 billion in 2022). Within these markets, Lunar Services
and Earth Orbital Services are the primary addressable markets for Intuitive Machines and each represent a more than 100.0 billion
opportunity over the next decade. 

Lunar
Services (estimated market size to be approximately 105.0 billion from 2021-2030): We expect
crewed missions, infrastructure, transportation, robotics, communication, and science and technology as significant market drivers. Through
our Lunar Access Services and Lunar Data Services business units, we believe we are well positioned to be able to grow our business through
our lunar landers and market leading capabilities. 

Orbital
Services (estimated market size to be approximately 14.0 billion from 2022-2031): We believe
there are broad opportunities within the orbital services market segment, including life extension, robotics, salvage, Space Situational
Awareness (SSA), de-orbiting, and relocation. Our Orbital Services business unit is being built to promote ancillary services, including
satellite servicing and refueling, space station servicing, satellite repositioning, and orbital debris removal. We believe that deploying
and supporting satellites in certain unique Earth orbits will allow us to optimize this market. 

Our
Business Units, Products and Services 

We
are a premier provider and supplier of space products and services that we believe will enable sustained robotic and human exploration
to the Moon, Mars, and beyond. Our core technologies underpin our capabilities in four business units: Lunar Access Services, Orbital
Services, Lunar Data Services and Space Products and Infrastructure. 

We
expect to achieve leading time to market across these business lines driven by our short design to manufacture process, enabled through
vertical integration and rapidly iterative testing. This has been demonstrated with our GN C and propulsion systems, which have passed
multiple validation tests in preparation for our first lunar mission as well as our operational lunar data network. These technologies
can be leveraged to capture orbital services and we expect successful lunar landings will demonstrate our capability as an agile space
company, supporting our continued expansion into Space Products and Infrastructure. 

Lunar
Access Services 

We
intend to utilize our proprietarily developed lunar lander vehicles to service CLPS contracts to fly NASA scientific equipment and commercial
cargo to the lunar surface and support experiments. 

Our
Nova-C lander flying on IM-1 is designed to be the first U.S. vehicle to softly land on the lunar surface since 1972. Powered
by our VR900 engine, and replete with innovative avionics for advanced guidance, navigation and control, IM-1 is capable of carrying
up to 130 kilograms of cargo, and is intended to ferry numerous experiments to the lunar surface in 2023. IM-2 is intended to succeed
IM-1 as our second flight, as we attempt to make it the first object in human history to land at the South Pole of the Moon and
deploy the Moon s first drill to test for water ice, while also deploying our micro-Nova hopper a
drone to test the Nokia LTE network in space. The workhorse of the Nova-C lander is the VR900 LOX/Methane engine, which is a fully
additively manufactured (3D printed) rocket engine, which we designed and manufacture in-house. Building off the solid framework of our
Nova-C lander systems and structures, we have designed a scalable path for the development and construction of additional vehicles.
Nova-D, thanks to its two VR900 engines and stretched tanks, will have a projected payload capacity of 500-750 kilograms and
has completed System Definition Review (SDR). Our largest lander, the Nova-M, will rely on its two VR3500 engines to carry approximately
5,000-7,500 kilograms of payload to the lunar surface. Nova-M is a future development effort. These options are designed to afford
flexibility for our customers as we pioneer a thriving, diverse lunar economy and enable a permanent presence on the Moon. Importantly,
they are also all based on the same LOX/Methane engine, which is designed and manufactured in-house. 

2 

We
also offer lunar surface mobility through the Nova. The Nova is a small robotic, deployable spacecraft that is designed
to provide a novel type of mobility to reach extreme lunar environments, such as pits and craters. Acting as a payload on a lander like
the Nova-C, Nova deploys once on the lunar surface and uses its own propulsion system to autonomously fly, or hop, 
between locations of interest. Capable of traveling up to 25 kilometers from its host lander with a payload of 5 kilograms, Nova
enables a number of mission types, including regional surveys, prospecting of multiple dispersed sites, and accessing hard-to-reach locations
like permanently shadowed regions, lunar pits, and craters. The technology is also designed to be scalable to provide similar access
for larger payloads over a longer distance. The first Nova is intended to fly to the Moon on IM-2 and perform a demonstration
mission at the lunar South Pole for the NASA Tipping Point program. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the contracted value of our Lunar Access Services business unit includes 289.0 million of NASA CLPS and Tipping
Point contracts and 56.8 million of commercial payloads contracted on IM-1, IM-2, and IM-3. In addition, as of December 31, 2022,
we have 1.6 million in commercial sponsorships and content sales, which provides us with another source of revenue outside of our
core operations. Our three lunar missions are contracted to fly on SpaceX s Falcon 9. This mission profile primes the market to
expect an annual cadence of lunar access missions so customers can begin to prepare their payloads and business cases now for future
missions. 

Revenue
streams from lunar access are expected to include a lunar rocket-fueled drone Nova), lunar surface rover services, fixed
lunar surface services, lunar orbit delivery services, rideshare delivery services to lunar orbit, and content sales and marketing sponsorships. 

Orbital
Services 

We
will be operating missions and are currently developing technologies that are designed to enable services including satellite delivery
and rideshare, satellite servicing and refueling, space station servicing, satellite repositioning, and orbital debris removal. Our Orbital
Services segment is designed to mainly support satellites and stations in Earth and lunar orbits. 

Our
Orbital Services consists of leveraging our technologies and government funds to establish a foothold in capturing the growing orbital
services market. The technologies we are working to leverage include mechanism and robotics capabilities, propulsion, Nova-C optical
navigation, and rendezvous and proximity operations, and satellite capture. 

We
have made significant progress to date in orbital services through four major milestones. First, we on-boarded a satellite services
team in order to add a world-class mechanisms/robotics team onto our Rendezvous Proximity Operations and Capture RPOC ).
We also signed a 6.0 million Commercial RPOC contract with Axiom Space. Third, we have actively engaged in policy development for
Active Debris Removal Funding and license two NASA Active Debris Removal patents pursuant to the In-License Agreement. Lastly, we
have three rideshare contracts across IM-2 and IM-3 collectively worth 18.45 million, with several others in discussion. 

We
are also pursuing two main strategic pursuits. We are pursuing a 720.0 million prime engineering contract to lead the NASA Landsat
Servicing mission as well as a pursuit to work with National Security Space in order to leverage domain expertise for demonstrations
of orbital servicing, debris removal, rideshares, and Space Domain Awareness. 

Lunar
Data Services 

We
intend to leverage our six strategically positioned ground stations across Earth to offer continuous lunar coverage, facilitating secure
lunar communications, navigation, and imagery. Providing Lunar Data Services is designed to allow us to provide lunar network services
to NASA, the U.S. Space Force and commercial clients, which we believe will be an increasingly important priority given China s
recent declaration that they intend to build their own lunar satellite network. 

We
believe that we are one of the few companies capable of providing a commercial lunar communication network as an alternative to NASA s
aging and overtasked Deep Space Network (DSN) assets, which we believe will allow connectivity with the far side of the Moon and support
robotic and human missions to the South Pole of the Moon. We are designing and building the required critical infrastructure and have
existing agreements with global ground stations to provide coverage of the Moon. We believe that our Lunar Data Services offering is
made up of a validated and complete lunar communications solution. Our network consists of our Nova Control Lunar Operations Center,
our global collection of dishes called the Lunar Telemetry, Tracking and Communications Network LTN ), and the Cislunar
Relay Constellation (Khon Satellites comprising our Khonstellation). Our network is secured by IronNet cybersecurity. In addition to
our own LTN, we have our own control center located at our headquarters in Houston, Texas. Built from the ground up by our highly experienced
team, Nova Control enables collaboration, innovation and seamless operations, in this 24-hour facility that was designed to provide
tracking, telemetry and communications support for cislunar space and the surface of the Moon. 

Our
lunar network can provide line of sight communication, and will provide lunar South Pole and far-side coverage, lunar positioning
services (GPS for the Moon), data relay, and data storage/caching. 

3 

Space
Products and Infrastructure 

This
segment includes propulsion systems, navigation systems, engineering services contracts, lunar mobility vehicles (rovers and drones),
power infrastructure (Fission Surface Power), and human habitation systems. 

With
extensive manufacturing capabilities, an in-house composites shop, and robust machine shop, we are able to find solutions for the
prototyping or production challenges our customers face. Intuitive Machines manufacturing facility currently houses two EOS M290
manufacturing machines capable of creating manufactured parts in several characterized materials, including Inconel (IN625) and Titanium
(Ti64). Our facility also houses the IM 3D design studio and post processing facilities that enhance development of in-house, manufactured
parts. With these capabilities, we are positioning ourselves to rapidly manufacture on-demand prototypes, development parts, flight
units and spares with a focus on producing small series and high-quality serial productions of metal manufactured components. 

We
also have rich experience and unique capabilities with engines, ignitors, controllers, encoders, gimbals, and diverse test facilities
that allow us to rapidly develop propulsion systems. In a recent example, in February 2020, we successfully test-fired our
VR3500 Moon lander engine for over 600 seconds, breaking the continuous test duration record on Marshall Space Flight Center s
Test Stand 115 within four months from contract award. Our LOX/Methane engines are unique for in-space propulsion,
in that they have demonstrated safety in handling and testing here on the ground, as well as reliable performance in space, and will
enable our vehicles to fly more direct trajectories to the Moon. This is important because higher performance allows us to transit the
Van Allen belt once compared to lower thrust systems which require several transits, which greatly reduces the risk of damage to our
vehicle avionics due to high energy particles (radiation). The workhorse of our engine fleet is the 900lbf thrust class VR900. This engine
has undergone hundreds of hours of testing and design, and will be used in our Nova-C lander as it returns the United States
to the lunar surface. We also have engineered the VR3500 Engine. The VR3500 development and testing was performed on contract for Boeing s
Human Landing System (HLS) NextSTEP-2 in support of NASA s Artemis program to return humans to the lunar surface. Our team
designed, developed, built, and tested the engine within four months of contract award. This is an example of how our team combines
innovation and experience to rapidly deliver results. 

Our
broad experience in automated systems includes avionics, communications, navigation, guidance and control systems, rendezvous and proximity
operations, synthetic perception technology and human-machine interfaces. Specifically, our team brings extensive experience from
NASA s Morpheus and ALHAT (Autonomous Landing and Hazard Avoidance Technology) projects and the efforts of the Precision Landing
and Hazard Avoidance PLHA community. We helped validate the Natural Feature Tracking (NFT) system for the OSIRIS-REx mission,
which enabled precision landing on the asteroid Bennu. We have developed a PLHA system with Terrain Relative Navigation (TRN) using optical
and laser measurements for precise and safe landing on a celestial body. We continue to mature our PLHA technology with the support of
a nationwide academic network for incorporation into our Nova-C missions to the lunar surface in 2023. 

We
employ some of the industry s most advanced software tools and processes to rapidly evolve and meet the complex and dynamic demands
of our customers, and to build robust software solutions to ensure mission success. Concepts such as Agile software development, DevOps,
and Digital Twins allows us to efficiently adapt our software to what is needed. From Low Earth Orbit to the lunar surface, we are capable
of delivering complete mission solutions. 

Our
Customers and Partners 

We
are an integral partner to our customers and partners. We execute on our commitments and develop solutions for our customers toughest
challenges. Our customers include, but are not limited to: NASA, Nokia Corporation, Columbia Sportswear Company, Aegis Aerospace, Inc.,
SpaceFlight Inc., KBR, Inc., Boeing Airplane Transport Corporation, AstroForge and others. We execute on our commitments and develop
solutions for our customers toughest challenges. We also have premiere partners in the industry including: 

X-energy.
 X-energy is a nuclear reactor and fuel design engineering company, developing Generation IV high-temperature gas cooled
nuclear reactors and TRISO-X fuel to power them. We have partnered with them in a joint venture in the pursuit of nuclear space
propulsion and surface power systems in support of future exploration goals, and have received one of three awards from NASA to design
a 40kW fission surface power system for the lunar surface. Intuitive Machines and X-energy are currently executing the fission
surface power design contract through a joint venture called IX, LLC. Dr. Kamal Ghaffarian, our co-founder and
executive chairman, is a co-founder and current member of management of X-energy. 

Axiom
Space. We partnered with Axiom Space to provide guidance, navigation and control, including rendezvous and proximity operations expertise
for their space station. We are also partnered to support their development of the next generation spacesuit under the xEVAS program.
Axiom Space is also our customer. Dr. Kamal Ghaffarian, our co-founder and executive chairman, is a co-founder and
current member of management of Axiom Space. 

4 

NASA.
 Intuitive Machines is partnered with NASA and services NASA through three missions to date under their CLPS contract program. We
work to provide NASA with access to the lunar surface as well as cislunar data for science, technology, and infrastructure. The IM-2 mission
is also contracted by NASA and will be the first spacecraft to drill for lunar ice. The mission will also be a part of NASA s Tipping
Point with the Nova Hopper. 

KBR.
 KBR, Inc. KBR is a U.S.-based science, technology and engineering firm. In the ordinary course of business,
we regularly provide engineering services to KBR. KBR also owns a 10 interest in Space Network Solutions SNS ), one
of our operating subsidiaries. The SNS joint venture is pursuing the OMES contract to conduct servicing of NASA s LandSat-7. 

Jacobs.
 Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. Jacobs is a U.S.-based technical, engineering and science firm that provides services
for a broad range of clients globally including companies, organizations, and government agencies. We have partnered with Jacobs under
a teaming agreement and subcontract for NASA s JSC Engineering, Technology, and Science program JETS Program ). 

Our
Competitive Position 

We
believe we are well positioned to become a leading player in a fast growing market. Our competitive strengths include: 

First
Mover Advantage: We are a first mover in a new category with an untapped addressable market of 119 billion, according to Northern
Sky Research s 2022 Moon Markets and Earth Orbital Services Market Analysis reports. Intuitive Machines is a nine-year-old lunar
services company and is in the leading position in NASA s return to the Moon with over 86.6 million in 2022 fiscal year revenues.
We believe we are also a first mover in lunar transport and communications systems. We also believe that we have an established, highly
defensible, and scalable technology position providing lunar transport, landing, and data relay services. 

Contracting
TAM Well Beyond NASA: The accessible total addressable market for Intuitive Machines is approximately 120.0 billion over the
next decade. Our total addressable market includes Department of Defense and Space Force spending, along with spending by the U.S. intelligence
community, which have prioritized the Moon via strong bipartisan support, especially given recent geopolitical developments and the race
to space from Russia and China. Intuitive Machines total addressable market is underpinned by large end markets, including space
exploration, national security space, and commercial satellite services. 

Differentiated
Technology Offering: We have innovated key technology and lunar features and capabilities, including: LOX and Methane Propulsion,
Optical NAV System, Lunar Communications, RE-Entry and Landing, RPO and Capture and Extreme Surface Mobility. 

High
Quality Business Model: We have significant intellectual property assets and high return on invested capital at scale with a durable
growth trajectory and margin expansion in a non-cyclical sector. We are growing rapidly from 8 million in revenue in 2018
to 86.6 million in revenue in 2022, and with approximately 142.1 million in 2023 revenues already contracted, with the expectation
and belief that we will continue to secure sizeable near-term awards in the near future. Our revenue is expected to transition from
government contracts to commercial services sales through successful missions showcasing capabilities as the cislunar economy develops
and as we mature as a company. 

World-class Management
Team: Our management team possesses a valuable combination of experience and vision. In addition to their technical knowledge, our
team has extensive experience operating and leading companies and a strong track-record of building market making businesses. 

Our
Growth Strategy 

We
are pursuing the following growth strategies: 

Continuing
to build on first mover advantage in lunar transport: We are a company of firsts. Our first mission is
IM-1, which is intended to be the first commercial lander on the Moon and the first U.S. lander on the Moon since the Apollo 17
mission in 1972. Our second mission for IM-2 is also being designed to achieve a multitude of firsts: first lander on the lunar
south pole, first to drill for water ice on the Moon, first to develop and operate a lunar hopper in history, and first to deploy a data
relay satellite in lunar orbit. Some of our other firsts from missions and accomplishments include: first to work with a commercial partner
to deliver lunar payloads, first to establish a commercial lunar and deep space communications network, and first to partner with JSC
Astro-Materials Curations Office to certify lunar material. We also intend to continue to build on our first mover advantage gained
through these accomplishments and leverage them into positions on new contracts in the future. 

Building
out capabilities and pursuing opportunities in adjacent lunar markets: We intend to scale and expand our
existing capabilities in order to provide a complete suite of lunar economy services. This offering is designed to include products and
services critical to Commercial Landers, Lunar Data Services, Crewed Lunar Missions, Lunar Transportation Services, Lunar Power Services,
and Lunar Habitats. 

5 

Pursuing
orbital services opportunities: We intend to leverage our technologies and government funds to establish
a foothold in the orbital services market. Some of our key technologies, such as robotics, Nova-C optical navigation and RPOC, and
satellite capture, have enabled key progress towards this aim to date. This progress includes a commercial space station contract in-hand with
Axiom Space, rideshare contracts in hand for IM-2, and two licensed NASA active debris removal patents. Going forward, we intend to pursue
the 720.0 million Prime Engineering Contract to lead the NASA mission to service LandSat-7 as well as other national security-related contracts. 

Leveraging
capabilities in commercial lunar and satellite services market: We plan to leverage government contract
success to build a commercial customer base and develop the industry partnerships required for our next phase of growth. Leveraging these
government contracts as well as our differentiated capabilities will allow us to establish a foothold in the emerging satellite servicing
market. 

Our
Competition 

Competition
in our addressable market is mainly divided between incumbents, such as Northrop Grumman and Lockheed Martin who pursue larger, more
complex contracts such as manned lunar missions, and next generation players, including our competitors on the CLPS contract such as
Astrobotic and Firefly Aerospace. 

Our
Operations 

Sales: Our
sales organization operates directly and via our extensive customer and partner network, which spans across North America, Europe, Asia,
the Middle East, and Australia. Our partner network consists of our rideshare delivery providers, lunar surface mobility providers, payload
providers, communication satellite provider, and ground segment providers. 

The
main responsibilities for our sales organization include ensuring contract renewals, maintaining relationships and expanding business
with existing customers and partners, and acquiring new customers. We have deep expertise in capture efforts with the government customers,
and have established processes to succeed with such customers. We leverage extensive existing relationships as well as our partner network
and direct sales efforts to continue to win and grow business with commercial customers. 

We
work closely with our customers and partners to enable their success. Deeper adoption from our customers comes in many forms, including
delivery of payloads to lunar orbit and the lunar surface, data and data relay services for users in the lunar vicinity, orbital services,
lunar surface infrastructure, and space products and services. 

Research
and Development: Our research and development R D team is integrated across our engineering
organization to leverage the best engineers within each discipline and prevent stovepipes within our technology, yielding fully integrated
systems that reduce time to market. Our R D scope includes company rollover, acquisition, optimizing capital structure, and general
corporate purposes. Our R D team is also responsible for developing and innovating our proprietary technology platform. 

We
continue to invest in R D, particularly as it relates to survive the night and our larger lander design to make our
platform more accessible to a wider range of customers, as well as innovating our space technology to capture various types of data efficiently. 

Marketing: Our
marketing team utilizes a multi-channel approach to develop and increase our brand awareness, position and communicate the value
of our differentiated offering, and develop engaging outbound demand-generation campaigns. 

The
team drives our overall market positioning and messaging across our key audiences and vertical markets, as well as provides strategic
go-to-market assessments of use cases that emerge from new product capabilities and the market landscape. Our communications team
works with targeted industry influencers and media outlets to drive interest through media channels, including blogs, social media, and
video. This approach is important for our strategy to capture the entire market opportunity encompassing not only NASA and DoD, but also
commercial aerospace and non-traditional customer segments engaged in partnership and content activity, who value brand activation
from these engagements. 

Supply
Chain 

Our
ability to manufacture and operate our spacecraft is dependent upon sufficient availability of raw materials and supplied components
including avionics, flight computers, radios and electrical power systems. 

We
obtain raw materials and components from suppliers that we believe to be reputable and reliable. We have established and follow internal
quality control processes to source suppliers, considering quality, cost, delivery and lead-time. We instill responsibility for quality
at the lead level to ensure our suppliers and internally built hardware meet the required quality standards. While we largely source
raw materials and components from multiple sources, in some cases raw materials and components are sourced from a limited number of suppliers.
In these situations, as we endeavor to diversify our supply chain, we manage this risk through using material requirements planning,
including material forecasting and planning, safety stock, and bulk and advance buying with focused efforts on long-lead items. 

6 

Manufacturing,
Assembly and Operations 

We
have an integrated manufacturing facility in Houston, TX and are constructing a state of the art, built to spec manufacturing and operations
center on Spaceport Houston for occupancy in the third quarter of 2023. The current manufacturing capability supports R D, rapid
prototyping and flight level hardware in an integrated and disciplined manner applying the correct level of rigor to the appropriate
process. We leverage a strong culture of personal accountability to ensure efficiency and world class results of operations within our
operations group. We are ASC 9100 certified and adhere to the appropriate quality and process controls on a continuous basis. See
 Facilities for further discussion of our new facilities under construction. 

Human
Capital 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 163 employees throughout our operations. We value technical expertise, original thinking, adaptability,
and a willingness to collaborate with our excellent team. While our original workforce is rooted in aerospace, we welcome new perspectives
and technology expertise as we grow. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our team has over 25 years average aeronautics and design experience and over 100 years cumulative NASA
experience. Additionally, over 60 of our employees have advanced degrees, which we define as degrees obtained beyond an undergraduate
level. 

Intellectual
Property 

The
protection of our technology and intellectual property is an important aspect of our business. We rely upon a combination of trademarks,
trade secrets, copyrights, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, contractual commitments and other legal rights to establish
and protect our intellectual property. We enter into confidentiality agreements and invention or work product assignment agreements with
our employees and consultants to control access to, and clarify ownership of, our proprietary information. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we license two U.S. patents from Aerospace Corporation. As of December 31, 2022, we hold one registered trademark
in the United States. We continually review our development efforts to assess the existence and patentability of new intellectual
property. We intend to file patent applications with respect to our technology. 

Material
In-License Agreement : In July 2018, we entered into a Patent and Know-How License for Government Purpose Agreement with
Aerospace Corporation to in-license, on a non-exclusive basis, two U.S. patents that are jointly held by Aerospace Corporation,
NASA and the U.S. Air Force Research Laboratory (such agreement, the In-License Agreement ). The patents licensed under
the In-License Agreement are entitled Method for Active Debris Removal Using a Spacecraft with a Capture Device and
 System, Apparatus, and Method for Active Debris Removal. We license the patents for building and operating an active orbital
debris removal system using a spacecraft with a capture device (the Government Purpose ). Under the In-License Agreement,
Aerospace Corporation shall receive copies of any products, data results of testing, observations, and/or evaluations derived from our
use of the licensed patents and associated know-how and to any ancillary systems into which the licensed patents and associated
know-how may be integrated for the Government Purpose. In addition, Aerospace Corporation, we and any other applicable licensees
share the United States Patent and Trademark Office maintenance fees for each licensed patent. The approximate maintenance fee for each
licensed patent was 1,600 for the first four licensing years starting from November 2018, 3,600 for the eighth licensing year, and
 7,200 for the twelfth licensing year. The In-License Agreement remains in effect until the expiration date of the last patent to
expire or the completion of the Government Purpose, whichever occurs first. The estimated expiration date of the licensed patents are
October 12, 2032 and April 6, 2033, respectively. Either party may terminate the In-License Agreement at any time without
cause upon 30 days written notice to the other party. 

Regulatory 

Compliance
with various governmental regulations has an impact on our business, including our capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position,
which can be material. We incur or will incur costs to monitor and take actions to comply with governmental regulations that are or will
be applicable to our business, which include, among others, federal securities laws and regulations, applicable stock exchange requirements,
export and import control, economic sanctions and trade embargo laws and restrictions and regulations of the U.S. Department of Transportation,
the Federal Aviation Administration (the FAA ), the Federal Communications Commission (the FCC and other
government agencies in the United States. 

Further,
our business is subject to, and we must comply with, stringent U.S. import and export control laws, including the International Trade
in Arms Regulations ITAR administered by the U.S. Department of State and EAR. See Part I. Item 1A. Risk
Factors Risks Relating to Our Business for a discussion of material risks to us, including, to the extent material, to
our competitive position, relating to governmental regulations. 

7 

Available
Information 

Our
website address is www.intuitivemachines.com. The contents of, or information accessible through, our website are not incorporated by
reference herein and are not a part of this Annual Report. We make our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, as well as beneficial ownership filings
available free of charge on our website under the Investors section as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such
reports with, or furnish such reports to, the SEC. 

We
may use our website as a distribution channel of material information about us. Financial and other important information regarding the
Company is routinely posted on and accessible through the Investors section of our website at www.investors.intuitivemachines.com. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

You
should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual
Report. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected.
In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties
described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe
are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business or results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

Our
ability to be successful depends upon the efforts of our Board and key personnel and the loss of such persons could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our business. 

Our
ability to be successful will be dependent upon the efforts of our Board and key personnel. We cannot assure you that our Board and key
personnel will be effective or successful or remain with us. In addition to the other challenges they will face, such individuals may
be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company, which could cause our management to expend time and resources becoming
familiar with such requirements. 

Further,
uncertainty about the effect of the Transactions on our business, employees, customers, third parties with whom we have relationships,
and other third parties, including regulators, may have an adverse effect on us. These uncertainties may impair our ability to attract,
retain and motivate key personnel. The departure of key employees because of issues related to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration
or a desire not to remain with us could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our
limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and the risks and challenges we may encounter. 

We
have a limited operating history in a rapidly evolving industry that may not develop in a manner favorable to our business. While our
business has grown rapidly, and much of that growth has occurred in recent periods, the markets for launch services, space systems, spacecraft
components and space data applications may not continue to develop in a manner that we expect or that otherwise would be favorable to
our business. As a result of our limited operating history and ongoing changes in our new and evolving industry, including evolving demand
for our products and services, our ability to forecast our future results of operations and plan for and model future growth is limited
and subject to a number of uncertainties. We have encountered and expect to continue to encounter risks and uncertainties frequently
experienced by growing companies in rapidly evolving industries, such as the risks and uncertainties described herein. Accordingly, we
may be unable to prepare accurate internal financial forecasts or replace anticipated revenue that we do not receive as a result of delays
arising from these factors, and our results of operations in future reporting periods may be below the expectations of investors or analysts.
If we do not address these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our estimates and forecasts or
the expectations of investors or analysts, causing our business to suffer and our common stock price to decline. 

If
we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan and our business, results of operations, and
financial condition could be harmed. 

In
order to achieve the substantial future revenue growth we have projected, we must develop and market new products and services. We intend
to expand our operations significantly. To properly manage our growth, we will need to hire and retain additional personnel, upgrade
our existing operational management and financial and reporting systems, and improve our business processes and controls. Our future
expansion will include: 

hiring
and training new personnel; 

developing
new technologies; 

8 

controlling
expenses and investments in anticipation of expanded operations; 

upgrading
the existing operational management and financial reporting systems and team to comply with requirements as a public company; and 

implementing
and enhancing administrative infrastructure, systems and processes. 

If
our operations continue to grow as planned, of which there can be no assurance, we will need to expand our sales and marketing, research
and development, customer and commercial strategy, products and services, supply, and manufacturing functions. These efforts will require
us to invest significant financial and other resources, including in industries and sales channels in which we have limited experience
to date. We will also need to continue to leverage our manufacturing and operational systems and processes, and there is no guarantee
that we will be able to scale the business as currently planned or within the planned timeframe. The continued expansion of our business
may also require additional manufacturing and operational facilities, as well as space for administrative support, and there is no guarantee
that we will be able to find suitable locations for the manufacture of our space vehicles and related equipment. 

Our
continued growth could increase the strain on our resources, and we could experience operating difficulties, including difficulties in
hiring and training employees, finding manufacturing capacity to produce our space vehicles and related equipment, and delays in production.
These difficulties may divert the attention of management and key employees and impact financial and operational results. If we are unable
to drive commensurate growth, these costs, which include lease commitments, headcount and capital assets, could result in decreased margins,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Competition
from existing or new companies could cause us to experience downward pressure on prices, fewer customer orders, reduced margins, the
inability to take advantage of new business opportunities, and the loss of market share. 

We
operate in highly competitive markets and generally encounter intense competition to win contracts from many other firms, including lower
and mid-tier federal contractors with specialized capabilities and the federal government. Additionally, our markets are facing increasing
industry consolidation, resulting in larger competitors who have more market share putting more downward pressure on prices and offering
a more robust portfolio of products and services. We are subject to competition based upon product design, performance, pricing, quality,
and services. Our product performance, engineering expertise, and product quality have been important factors in our growth. While we
try to maintain competitive pricing on those products that are directly comparable to products manufactured by others, in many instances
our products will conform to more exacting specifications and carry a higher price than analogous products. Many of our customers and
potential customers have the capacity to design and internally manufacture products that are similar to our products. We face competition
from research and product development groups and the manufacturing operations of current and potential customers, who continually evaluate
the benefits of internal research, product development, and manufacturing versus outsourcing. 

In
addition, some of our foreign competitors currently benefit from, and others may benefit in the future from, protective measures by their
home countries where governments are providing financial support, including significant investments in the development of new technologies.
Government support of this nature greatly reduces the commercial risks associated with aerospace technology development activities for
these competitors. This market environment may result in increased pressures on our pricing and other competitive factors. 

We
believe our ability to compete successfully in designing, engineering and manufacturing our products and services at significantly reduced
cost to customers does and will depend on a number of factors, which may change in the future due to increased competition, our ability
to meet our customers needs and the frequency and availability of our offerings. If we are unable to compete successfully, our
business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

A
pandemic outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus, also known as COVID-19, has disrupted and may continue to adversely affect our business
operations and our financial results. 

The
global spread of COVID-19 has disrupted certain aspects of our operations and may adversely impact our business operations and financial
results, including our ability to execute on our business strategy and goals. Specifically, the continued spread of COVID-19 and related
precautionary measures have resulted in delays or disruptions in our supply chain; delays in the launch or execution of certain of our
customers projects; and a decrease of our operational efficiency in the development of our systems, products, technologies and
services. We continue to take measures within our facilities to ensure the health and safety of our employees, which include the creation
of a task force to implement COVID-19 protocols in compliance with federal, state and local recommendations, encouraging masking and
vaccination, rearranging facilities and work schedules to follow social distancing protocols and undertaking regular and thorough disinfecting
of surfaces and tools. However, there can be no assurance that these measures will prevent disruptions due to COVID-19 within our workforce.
These measures have also resulted in the reduction of operational efficiency within our impacted workforce, and we expect they will continue
to do so. 

The
pandemic has also resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant disruption and volatility of global financial markets. This
disruption and volatility may adversely impact our ability to access capital, which could in the future negatively affect our liquidity
and capital resources. Given the rapid and evolving nature of the impact of the virus, responsive measures taken by governmental authorities
and the continued uncertainty about its impact on society and the global economy, we cannot predict the extent to which it will affect
our operations, particularly if these impacts persist or worsen over an extended period of time. To the extent COVID-19 adversely affects
our business operations and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk
Factors section. 

9 

Unsatisfactory
safety performance of our spaceflight systems or security incidents at our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operation. 

We
manufacture and operate highly sophisticated spaceflight systems that depend on complex technology. We also work cooperatively with our
suppliers, subcontractors, venture partners and other parties (collectively, Third Parties ). Failures and disruptions or
compromises to our or our Third Parties systems may be caused by natural disasters, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications
failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, bugs or vulnerabilities, physical or electronic break-ins, human error, intentional
conduct, targeted cyberattacks, or similar events or incidents. While we have built operational processes to ensure that the design,
manufacture, performance and servicing of our spaceflight systems meet rigorous performance goals, there can be no assurance that we
will not experience operational or process failures and other problems, including through manufacturing or design defects, pilot error,
failure of Third Party safeguards, natural disasters, cyber-attacks, or other intentional acts, that could result in potential safety
risks. There can be no assurance that our preparations, or those of Third Parties, will be able to prevent any such incidents. 

Any
actual or perceived safety issues may result in significant reputational harm to our businesses, in addition to tort liability, maintenance,
increased safety infrastructure and other costs that may arise. Such issues with our spaceflight systems, facilities, or customer safety
could result in delaying or cancelling planned flights, increased regulation or other systemic consequences. Our inability to meet our
safety standards or adverse publicity affecting our reputation as a result of accidents, mechanical failures, damages to customer property
or medical complications could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

If
any of our systems, the systems of any critical Third Parties upon which we rely or our customers systems are, or appear to be,
breached or if unauthorized processing of customer or Third-Party data is otherwise performed, public perception of our products services
may be harmed, and we may lose business and incur losses or liabilities. 

Threat
actors (such as ransomware groups) are becoming increasingly sophisticated and using tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent
security controls, to evade detection and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. Our and our Third Parties technology systems
and networks may be damaged, disrupted, or compromised by malicious events, such as cyberattacks (including computer viruses, ransomware,
and other malicious and destructive code, phishing attacks, and denial of service attacks), physical or electronic security breaches,
natural disasters, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, personnel misconduct, and human error. Such attacks or security breaches
may be perpetrated by internal bad actors, such as employees or contractors, or by third parties. Furthermore, because the techniques
used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until after they are launched
against a target, we and our Third Parties may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures.
While we have implemented what we believe is an appropriate information security program with cybersecurity procedures, practices, and
controls, the control systems, cybersecurity program, infrastructure, physical facilities of, and personnel associated with Third Parties
that we rely on are beyond our control and we cannot guarantee that our or our Third Parties systems and networks have not been
breached or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our systems and networks
or the systems and networks of Third Parties that support us and our products and services. In addition, our defensive measures, including
back-up systems and disaster recovery plans, or those of our critical Third Parties, may fail to timely or effectively anticipate, detect,
prevent or allow us to recover from cyberattacks. 

Our
costs to adequately counter the risk of cyber-attacks and to comply with contractual and/or regulatory compliance requirements may increase
significantly in the future. If there is a security vulnerability, error, or other bug in one of ours or our critical Third-Party systems
or if there is a security exploit targeting them, we could face increased costs, claims, liability, reduced revenue, and harm to our
reputation or competitive position. Because we do not maintain cybersecurity insurance, these costs will come directly from us and this
could harm our financial condition. 

The
market for commercial spaceflight has not been established with precision. It is still emerging and may not achieve the growth potential
we expect or may grow more slowly than expected. 

The
market for commercial spaceflight has not been established with precision and is still emerging. Our estimates for the total addressable
market for commercial spaceflight are based on a number of internal and third-party estimates, including our current backlog, the number
of consumers, assumed flight cadence, our ability to leverage our current manufacturing and operational processes and general market
conditions. While we believe our assumptions and the data underlying our estimates are reasonable, these assumptions and estimates may
not be correct. The conditions supporting our assumptions or estimates may change at any time, thereby reducing the predictive accuracy
of these underlying factors. As a result, our estimates of the annual total addressable market for commercial spaceflight, as well as
the expected growth rate for the total addressable market for that experience, may prove to be incorrect. 

10 

We
may experience delayed launches, launch failures, failure of our satellites or lunar landers to reach their planned orbital locations,
significant increases in the costs related to launches of satellites and lunar landers, and insufficient capacity available from satellite
and lunar lander launch providers. Any such issue could result in the loss of our satellites and lunar landers or cause significant delays
in their deployment, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Delays
in launching satellites or landers are common and can result from manufacturing delays, unavailability of reliable launch opportunities
with suppliers, launch supplier schedule delays, delays in obtaining required regulatory approvals, changes in landing coordinates, updates
to mission specifications (including mission scope and objectives) and launch failures. If satellite or lander manufacturing schedules
are not met, a launch opportunity may not be available at the time the satellites or landers are ready to be launched. We also share
launches with other manufacturers who may cause launch delays that are outside of our control. In addition, launch vehicles or satellite
deployment mechanisms may fail, which could result in the destruction of any satellites or landers we have in such launch vehicle or
an inability for the satellites or landers to perform their intended mission. Launch failures also result in significant delays in the
deployment of satellites or landers because of the need to manufacture replacement parts, which typically takes up to six months or longer,
and to obtain another launch opportunity. We also regularly review intended landing coordinates in order to determine the optimal landing
site for our landers in consultation with NASA, while also updating mission specifications such as the scope of missions and the mission
objectives. As such, from time to time, we have made, and expect to continue to make, material modifications to our missions, each of
which may, alone or in the aggregate, cause us to experience material delays. Further, it could be more costly, and potentially prohibitively
more costly, for us to launch and deploy our satellites or landers in the future due to increases in the cost of launches, launch insurance
rates and launch-related services. Any launch failure, underperformance, delay, or increase in the cost of satellite or lander launches
or related services could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business prospects and financial condition. 

Customer
concentration creates risks for our business. 

Over
80 of our revenues each year comes from a small number of customers. To the extent that any large customer fails to meet its purchase
commitments, changes its ordering patterns or business strategy, or otherwise reduces its purchases or stops purchasing our products
or services, or if we experience difficulty in meeting the demand by these customers for our products or services, our revenues and results
of operations could be adversely affected. 

We
may experience a total loss of our technology and products and our customers payloads if there is an accident on launch or during
the journey into space, and any insurance we have may not be adequate to cover our loss. Also, due to the inherent risks associated with
commercial spaceflight, there is the possibility that any accident or catastrophe could lead to the loss of human life or a medical emergency. 

Although
there have been and will continue to be technological advances in spaceflight, it is still an inherently dangerous activity. Explosions
and other accidents on launch or during the flight have occurred and will likely occur in the future. If such incident should occur,
we will likely experience a total loss of our systems, products, technologies and services and our customers payloads. The total
or partial loss of one or more of our products or customer payloads could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. For some missions, we can elect to buy launch insurance, which can reduce our monetary losses from the launch
failure, but even in this case we will have losses associated with our inability to test our technology in space and delays with further
technology development. 

Further,
commercial spaceflight is an inherently risky activity that can lead to accidents or catastrophes impacting human life. It is impossible
to completely eliminate the potential for human error, and there is a possibility that other accidents may occur in the future as a result
of human error or for a variety of other reasons, some of which may be out of our control. Any such accident could result in substantial
losses to us, including reputational harm and legal liability, and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

The
release, unplanned ignition, explosion, or improper handling of dangerous materials used in our business could disrupt our operations
and adversely affect our financial results. 

Our
business operations involve the handling, production and disposition of potentially explosive and ignitable energetic materials and other
dangerous chemicals, including materials used in rocket propulsion. The handling, production, transport and disposition of hazardous
materials could result in incidents that temporarily shut down or otherwise disrupt our manufacturing operations and could cause production
delays. A release of these chemicals or an unplanned ignition or explosion could result in death or significant injuries to employees
and others. Material property damage to us and third parties could also occur. Extensive regulations apply to the handling of explosive
and energetic materials, including but not limited to regulations governing hazardous substances and hazardous waste. The failure to
properly store and ultimately dispose of such materials could create significant liability and/or result in regulatory sanctions. Any
release, unplanned ignition, or explosion could expose us to adverse publicity or liability for damages or cause production delays, any
of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and/or cash flows. 

11 

We
rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain materials and supplied components. We may not be able to obtain sufficient materials
or supplied components to meet our manufacturing and operating needs, or obtain such materials on favorable terms. 

We
rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain raw materials and supplied components. We may not be able to obtain sufficient raw
materials or supplied components to meet our manufacturing and operating needs, or obtain such materials on favorable terms, which could
impair our ability to fulfill our orders in a timely manner or increase our costs of production. 

Our
ability to manufacture our launch vehicles is dependent upon sufficient availability of raw materials and supplied components, which
we secure from a limited number of suppliers. Our reliance on suppliers to secure these raw materials and supplied components exposes
us to volatility in the prices and availability of these materials. We may not be able to obtain sufficient supply of raw materials or
supplied components, on favorable terms or at all, which could result in delays in manufacture of our spacecraft or increased costs. 

In
addition, we have in the past and may in the future experience delays in manufacture or operation as we go through the requalification
process with any replacement third-party supplier, as well as the limitations imposed by the International Trade in Arms Regulations
administered by the U.S. Department of State ITAR and other restrictions on transfer of sensitive technologies.
Additionally, the imposition of tariffs on such raw materials or supplied components could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
Prolonged disruptions in the supply of any of our key raw materials or components, difficulty qualifying new sources of supply, implementing
use of replacement materials or new sources of supply or any volatility in prices could have a material adverse effect on our ability
to operate in a cost-efficient, timely manner and could cause us to experience cancellations or delays of scheduled launches, customer
cancellations or reductions in our prices and margins, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
revenue, results of operations and reputation may be negatively impacted if our products contain defects or fail to operate in the expected
manner. 

We
sell complex and technologically advanced products and services, including rocket launch services, mission services, spacecraft and spacecraft
components. Sophisticated software used in our products and services, including software developed by us, may contain defects that can
unexpectedly interfere with the software s intended operation. Defects may also occur in components and products that we manufacture
or purchase from third parties. Most of the launch vehicles, spacecraft and spacecraft components we have developed must function under
demanding and unpredictable operating conditions and in harsh and potentially destructive environments. Our products and services may
not be successfully implemented, pass required acceptance criteria, or operate or give the desired output, or we may not be able to detect
and fix all defects in the launch vehicles, spacecraft, spacecraft components and systems we sell and/or use. Failure to do so could
result in lost revenue and damage to our reputation and may adversely affect our ability to win new contract awards. 

Rising
inflation may materially impact our financial operations or results of operations. 

Recently,
inflation has increased to its highest level in decades. Inflation in the economy has resulted in, and may continue to result in, higher
interest rates and capital costs, shipping costs, supply shortages, increased costs of labor and other similar effects. As a result of
inflation, we have and may continue to experience cost increases. Although we may take measures to mitigate the impact of inflation,
if these measures are not effective, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Our
business is substantially dependent on contracts entered into with customers in the ordinary course of business. As such, we are subject
to counterparty risk. If a counterparty to one of our contracts were to default or otherwise fail to perform or be delayed in its performance
on any of its contractual obligations to us, such default, failure to perform or delay could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
business is substantially dependent on contracts entered into with customers, in the ordinary course of business. Our budgeted capital
expenditures, forecasted growth and strategic plan are based on revenues expected to be generated pursuant to signed contracts existing
as of the date such budget, forecast and strategic plan are approved by management and our Board. If a customer were to default or otherwise
fail to perform or be delayed in the fulfilment of its contractual obligations to us, we would be required to adjust our budget, forecasts
and strategic plans to mitigate the impact of such circumstance, which may negatively affect our business, financial condition, cash
flows and/or liquidity. Additionally, if the scope of anticipated work related to any customer contract were to change due to unforeseen
circumstances or evolving requirements of one or more of our counterparties, we may be unable to generate revenue on our anticipated
timeline or may be required to incur increased costs from those originally estimated for a project, which could cause our budgets, forecasts
and plans to be inaccurate. For instance, due to a change in the landing site of the IM-1 mission and an incremental delay in milestone
payments due to a now-resolved technical issue, certain revenue associated with such mission have shifted from 2022 to 2023. While we
endeavor to mitigate this risk by assuming potential delays in revenue generation and estimated contract progress when preparing our
budget, forecast and strategic plans, it is not possible to predict with accuracy the impact of any default, failure to perform or delay,
which results in our inability to completely mitigate such risks. As such, the counterparty default, failure to perform or delay in performance
may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

12 

If
our prime contractors fail to maintain their relationships with their counterparties and fulfill their contractual obligations, our performance
as a subcontractor and our ability to obtain future business could be materially and adversely impacted and our actual results could
differ materially and adversely from those anticipated. 

We
act as a subcontractor to prime contractors on multiple government contracts, including NASA s JETS Program. Our performance as
a subcontractor on a government contract, including the JETS Program, is dependent on the prime contractor s ability to satisfactorily
maintain its relationship with the government and fulfill its obligations under its contracts. A failure by the prime contractors to
fulfill their obligations under their contracts could result in the termination of the prime contract or delayed revenue generation and
recognition, thereby resulting in either the termination of our subcontract or material modifications to our subcontract. If any significant
subcontract is terminated or delayed in this manner, it could cause our actual results to differ materially and adversely from those
anticipated. 

Risks
Relating to Compliance with Law, Government Regulation and Litigation 

Our
business with various governmental entities is subject to the policies, priorities, regulations, mandates and funding levels of such
governmental entities and may be negatively or positively impacted by any change thereto. 

We
are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations relating to various aspects of our business, including with respect to our launch
system operations, employment and labor, health care, tax, data privacy of the personal information we collect and process and data security
of the operational and information technology we use, health and safety, and environmental issues. Laws and regulations at the foreign,
federal, state and local levels frequently change and are often interpreted in different ways, especially in relation to new and emerging
industries, and we cannot always reasonably predict the impact from, or the ultimate cost of compliance with, current or future regulatory
or administrative changes. While we monitor these developments and devote a significant amount of management s time and external
resources towards compliance with these laws, regulations and guidelines, we cannot guarantee that these measures will be satisfactory
to regulators or other third parties, such as our customers. Moreover, changes in law, the imposition of new or additional regulations
or the enactment of any new or more stringent legislation that impacts our business could require us to change the way we operate and
could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, cash flows and financial condition. 

Failure
to comply with these laws, such as with respect to obtaining and maintaining licenses, certificates, authorizations and permits critical
for the operation of our business, may result in civil penalties or private lawsuits, or the suspension or revocation of licenses, certificates,
authorizations or permits, which would prevent us from operating our business. For example, the operation and launch of our spacecraft
in the United States require licenses and permits from the Federal Communications Commission (the FCC and the Federal
Aviation Administration (the FAA ), as well as review by other agencies of the U.S. Government, including the Department
of Defense, Department of State, and NASA. Such license approvals may include an interagency review of safety, operational, national
security, foreign policy implications and international obligations, as well as a review of foreign ownership. Any delays in regulatory
actions allowing us to conduct our commercial space operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial
results. 

If
we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets and know how, our business and competitive position may be harmed. 

We
rely upon unpatented trade secret protection, unpatented know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our
business and competitive position, and we consider trade secrets and know-how to be our primary form of intellectual property protection.
We seek to protect our proprietary technology, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with our suppliers, subcontractors,
venture partners, employees and consultants, and other third parties. However, we may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure
or use of information which we consider to be confidential, our technical know-how or other trade secrets by the parties to these agreements,
despite the existence generally of confidentiality provisions and other contractual restrictions. Monitoring unauthorized uses and disclosures
is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our proprietary technologies will be effective. If any of
the suppliers, subcontractors, venture partners, employees and consultants, and other third parties who are parties to these agreements
breaches or violates the terms of any of these agreements, we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach or violation, and we
could lose our trade secrets as a result. It is also possible that our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information could
be obtained by third parties as a result of breaches of our physical or electronic security systems. Even where remedies are available,
enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated our trade secrets, like patent litigation, is expensive and time
consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States are sometimes less willing to protect
trade secrets. 

Additionally,
despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technology, our trade secrets could otherwise become known or be independently discovered
by our competitors. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third
party, we would have no right to prevent them, or those to whom they communicate, from using that technology or information to compete
with us. 

13 

Our
systems utilize third-party open source software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source software
licenses could adversely affect our business, subject us to litigation, or create potential liability. 

Our
systems include software licensed from third parties under any one or more open source licenses, and we expect to continue to incorporate
open source software in our systems and technology in the future. Moreover, we cannot ensure that we have effectively monitored our use
of open source software, or validated the quality or source of such software, or that we are in compliance with the terms of the applicable
open source licenses or our current policies and procedures. From time to time, there have been claims against companies that use open
source software in their products and services asserting that the use of such open source software infringes the claimants intellectual
property rights. As a result, we could be subject to suits by third parties claiming that what we believe to be licensed open source
software infringes such third parties intellectual property rights. Additionally, if an author or other third party that distributes
such open source software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of one or more of these licenses, we could be required
to incur significant legal expenses defending against such allegations and could be subject to significant damages and required to comply
with onerous conditions or restrictions on these solutions, which could disrupt the distribution and sale of these solutions. Litigation
could be costly for us to defend, have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, or require
us to devote additional research and development resources to change our solutions. Furthermore, these third-party open source providers
could experience service outages, data loss, privacy breaches, cyber-attacks, and other events relating to the applications and services
they provide that could diminish the utility of these services, and which could harm our business as a result. In the past, we ve
experienced software vulnerabilities with our software providers. We may continue to experience such vulnerabilities in the future. 

Use
of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not
provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code, including with respect
to security vulnerabilities where open source software may be more susceptible. In addition, certain open source licenses require that
source code for software programs that incorporate, use or combine with such open source software be made available to the public at
no cost and that any modifications or derivative works to such open source software continue to be licensed under the same terms as the
open source software license. The terms of various open source licenses to which we are subject have not or may not have been interpreted
by courts in the relevant jurisdictions, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated
conditions or restrictions on our ability to market or provide our software and data. By the terms of certain open source licenses, we
could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software, and to make our proprietary software available under open source
licenses, if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner. In the event that portions of our proprietary
software are determined to be subject to an open source license, we could be required to publicly release the affected portions of our
source code, re-engineer all or a portion of our solutions, or otherwise be limited in the licensing of our solutions, each of which
could reduce or eliminate the value of our solutions. Disclosing our proprietary source code could allow our competitors to create similar
products with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of sales. Furthermore, any such re-engineering
or other remedial efforts could require significant additional research and development resources, and we may not be able to successfully
complete any such re-engineering or other remedial efforts. Any of these events could create liability for us and damage our reputation,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition and the market price of our
shares. 

Intuitive
Machines OpCo has identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting. If not remediated, or if Intuitive
Machines OpCo experiences additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fails to maintain effective internal controls in
the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations in future reporting periods,
which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our Class A Common Stock. 

As an emerging growth company, we are in the process
of developing our internal processes and procedures to accommodate our rapid growth in recent years and transition to public company
following the closing of the Transactions. Although our management concluded that IPAX s internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022, which was prior to the closing of the Transactions, was effective (as described in Part II. Item 9A. Controls
and Procedures of this Annual Report), in the course of preparing the consolidated financial statements of Intuitive Machines OpCo
as of December 31, 2022 that will be included in Amendment No. 2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed on or about March
30, 2023, our management determined that Intuitive Machines OpCo has three material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial
reporting. These material weaknesses primarily relate to the following matters that are relevant to the preparation of the Intuitive Machines
OpCo s consolidated financial statements and that may impact the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for future
reporting periods included in filings made after this Annual Report: 

We
did not design and maintain effective controls over identification of performance obligations and timing of revenue recognition for certain
contracts, as well as the review and reconciliation of certain revenue schedules to the trial balance. 

14 

We
did not design and maintain effective controls over the identification and recognition of non-routine, unusual or complex transactions. 

We
did not maintain proper segregation of duties related to the posting of manual journal entries to the trial balance. 

These
deficiencies could result in a misstatement of one or more account balances or disclosures potentially leading to a material misstatement
to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements which may not be prevented or timely detected and, accordingly, management
determined that these control deficiencies constitute material weaknesses. 

In
order to remediate these material weaknesses, we have taken and plan to take the following actions: 

Continuing
to hire personnel with public company experience and providing additional training for our personnel on internal controls as our company
continues to grow; 

Implementing
additional controls and processes that operate at a sufficient level of precision and frequency or that evidence the performance of the
control, particularly associated with accounting and reporting of revenue and non-routine, unusual or complex transactions; 

Implementing
processes and controls to better identify and manage segregation of duties; 

Considering
system enhancements to reduce reliance on manual processes; and 

Engaging
an external advisor to assist with evaluating and documenting the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls and assisting
with the remediation of deficiencies, as necessary. 

We
will not be able to fully remediate these control deficiencies until these steps have been completed, have been operating effectively
for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are effective. Intuitive Machines
OpCo and Grant Thornton LLP, Intuitive Machines OpCo s auditor during the year ended December 31, 2022 and our independent registered
public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2023, were not required to, and did not, perform an evaluation of Intuitive Machines
OpCo s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 or any period in accordance with the provisions of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we have identified all, or that we will not in the future have additional,
material weaknesses. Because our financial statements for future reporting periods will be prepared
on a consolidated basis with the financial statements of Intuitive Machines OpCo beginning from the Closing Date, material weaknesses
may still exist when we report on the combined company s effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as required
under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in our future annual reports on Form 10-K. 

If
not remediated, these material weaknesses could result in material misstatements to our future annual or interim consolidated financial
statements that might not be prevented or detected on a timely basis, or in delayed filing of required periodic reports. If we are unable
to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness
of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected and we could become subject to litigation
or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 

The
U.S. government s budget deficit and the national debt, as well as any inability of the U.S. government to complete its
budget process for any government fiscal year could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

The
U.S. government s budget deficit and the national debt, as well as any inability of the U.S. government to complete its
budget process for any government fiscal year and consequently having to shut down or operate on funding levels equivalent to its prior
fiscal year pursuant to a continuing resolution, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. 

Considerable
uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will unfold, including the defense spending priorities of the U.S. government,
what challenges budget reductions will present for the defense industry and whether annual appropriations bills for all agencies will
be enacted for U.S. government fiscal year 2023 and thereafter due to many factors, including but not limited to, changes in the
political environment, including before or after a change to the leadership within the government administration, and any resulting uncertainty
or changes in policy or priorities and resultant funding. The U.S. government s budget deficit and the national debt could
have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in a number of ways, including the
following: 

The
U.S. government could reduce or delay its spending on, reprioritize its spending away from, or decline to provide funding for the
government programs in which we participate; 

15 

U.S. government
spending could be impacted by alternate arrangements to sequestration, which increases the uncertainty as to, and the difficulty in predicting,
U.S. government spending priorities and levels; and 

We
may experience declines in revenue, profitability and cash flows as a result of reduced or delayed orders or payments or other factors
caused by economic difficulties of our customers and prospective customers, including U.S. federal, state and local governments. 

Furthermore,
we believe continued budget pressures could have serious negative consequences for the security of the U.S., the defense industrial base
and the customers, employees, suppliers, investors and communities that rely on companies in the defense industrial base. Budget and
program decisions made in this environment would have long-term implications for us and the entire defense industry. 

We
are subject to stringent U.S. export and import control laws and regulations and U.S. economic sanctions and trade control
laws and regulations. 

We
are required to comply with U.S. export control laws and regulations, including ITAR, Bureau of Political Military Affairs 
directorate of Defense Trade controls administered by the U.S. Department of State, and the EAR, administered by the U.S. Department
of Commerce s Bureau of Industry and Security. Pursuant to these foreign trade control laws and regulations, we are required, among
other things, to (i) maintain a registration under ITAR, (ii) determine the proper licensing jurisdiction and export classification
of products, software, and technology, and (iii) obtain licenses or other forms of U.S. government authorization to engage
in the conduct of our space transport business. Violations of applicable export control laws and related regulations could result in
criminal and administrative penalties, including fines, possible denial of export privileges, and debarment, which could have a material
adverse impact on our business, including our ability to enter into contracts or subcontracts for U.S. government customers. 

The
inability to secure and maintain necessary export authorizations could negatively impact our ability to compete successfully or to operate
our spaceflight business as planned. For example, if we were unable to obtain or maintain our licenses to export certain spacecraft hardware,
we would be effectively prohibited from launching our vehicles from certain non-U.S. locations, which would limit the number of
launch providers we could use. In addition, if we were unable to obtain a Department of State Technical Assistance Agreement to export
certain launch related services, we would experience difficulties or even be unable to perform integration activities necessary to safely
integrate our transfer vehicles to non-U.S. launch vehicles. In both cases, these restrictions could lead to higher launch costs
which may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Similarly, if we were unable to secure effective export licensure
to authorize the full scope of activity with a foreign partner or supplier, we may be required to make design changes to spacecraft or
updates to our supplier chain, which may result in increased costs to us or delays in vehicle launches. 

Any
changes in the export control regulations or U.S. government licensing policy, such as those necessary to implement U.S. government
commitments to multilateral control regimes, may restrict our operations. There is no inherent right to perform an export and given the
significant discretion the government has adjudicating such authorizations in furtherance of U.S. national security and foreign
policy interests, there can be no assurance we will be successful in our current and future efforts to secure and maintain necessary
licenses, registrations, or other U.S. government regulatory approvals. 

In
addition, U.S. export control laws continue to change. For example, the control lists under the ITAR and the EAR are periodically
updated to reclassify specific types of export-controlled technology. For example, any changes to the jurisdictional assignment of controlled
data or hardware used by us could result in the need for different export authorizations, each then subject to a subsequent approval. 

Similarly,
should exceptions or exemptions under the EAR or ITAR, respectively, be changed, our activities otherwise authorized via these mechanisms
may become unavailable and could result in the need for additional export authorizations. Additionally, changes to the administrative
implementation of export control laws at the agency level may suddenly change as a result of geo-political events, which could result
in existing or proposed export authorization applications being viewed in unpredictable ways, or potentially rejected, as a result of
the changed agency level protocol. 

We
depend significantly on U.S. government contracts, which often are only partially funded, subject to immediate termination, and
heavily regulated and audited. The termination or failure to fund, or negative audit findings for, one or more of these contracts could
have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Over
its lifetime, a U.S. government program may be implemented by the award of many different individual contracts and subcontracts.
The funding of U.S. government programs is subject to U.S. Congressional appropriations. In recent years, U.S. government
appropriations have been affected by larger U.S. government budgetary issues and related legislation. Although multi-year contracts
may be authorized and appropriated in connection with major procurements, the U.S. Congress generally appropriates funds on a government
fiscal year basis. Procurement funds are typically made available for obligation over the course of one to three years. Consequently,
programs often initially receive only partial funding, and additional funds are obligated only as the U.S. Congress authorizes further
appropriations. We cannot predict the extent to which total funding and/or funding for individual programs will be included, increased
or reduced as part of the annual appropriations process ultimately approved by the U.S. Congress and the President of the United States
or in separate supplemental appropriations or continuing resolutions, as applicable. The termination of funding for a U.S. government
program would result in a loss of anticipated future revenue attributable to that program, which could have an adverse impact on our
operations. In addition, the termination of a program or the failure to commit additional funds to a program that already has been started
could result in lost revenue and increase our overall costs of doing business. 

16 

Generally,
U.S. government contracts are subject to oversight audits by U.S. government representatives. Such audits could result in adjustments
to our contract costs. Any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed, and such costs already
reimbursed must be refunded. We have recorded contract revenue based on costs we expect to realize upon final audit. However, we do not
know the outcome of any future audits and adjustments, and we may be required to materially reduce our revenue or profits upon completion
and final negotiation of audits. Negative audit findings could also result in termination of a contract, forfeiture of profits, suspension
of payments, fines or suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. 

In
addition, U.S. government contracts generally contain provisions permitting termination, in whole or in part, without prior notice
at the U.S. government s convenience upon payment only for work done and commitments made at the time of termination. For
some contracts, we are a subcontractor and not the prime contractor, and in those arrangements, the U.S. government could terminate
the prime contractor for convenience without regard for our performance as a subcontractor. We can give no assurance that one or more
of our U.S. government contracts will not be terminated under those circumstances. Also, we can give no assurance that we would
be able to procure new contracts to offset the revenue or backlog lost as a result of any termination of our U.S. government contracts.
Because a significant portion of our revenue is dependent on our performance and payment under our U.S. government contracts, the
loss of one or more large contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

Our
contracts and services with the U.S. government are also subject to specific procurement regulations and a variety of socioeconomic
and other requirements. These requirements, although customary in U.S. government contracts, increase our performance and compliance
costs. These costs might increase in the future, thereby reducing our margins, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the U.S. government has and may continue to implement initiatives
focused on efficiencies, affordability and cost growth and other changes to its procurement practices. These initiatives and changes
to procurement practices may change the way U.S. government contracts are solicited, negotiated and managed, which may affect whether
and how we pursue opportunities to provide our products and services to the U.S. government, including the terms and conditions
under which we do so, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For
example, contracts awarded under the Department of Defense s Other Transaction Authority for research and prototypes generally
require cost-sharing and may not follow, or may follow only in part, standard U.S. government contracting practices and terms, such
as the Federal Acquisition Regulation and Cost Accounting Standards. 

Failure
to comply with applicable regulations and requirements could lead to fines, penalties, repayments, or compensatory or treble damages,
or suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. Among the causes for debarment
are violations of various laws and regulations, including those related to procurement integrity, export control (including ITAR), U.S. government
security, employment practices, protection of the environment, accuracy of records, proper recording of costs and foreign corruption.
The termination of a U.S. government contract or relationship as a result of any of these acts would have an adverse impact on our
operations and could have an adverse effect on our standing and eligibility for future U.S. government contracts. 

Uncertain
global macro-economic and political conditions could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
results of operations are materially affected by economic and political conditions in the U.S. and internationally, including inflation,
deflation, interest rates, availability of capital, energy and commodity prices, trade laws and the effects of governmental initiatives
to manage economic conditions. Current or potential customers may delay or decrease spending on our products and services as their business
and/or budgets are impacted by economic and political conditions. The inability of current and potential customers to pay us for our
products and services may adversely affect our earnings and cash flows. 

The
current invasion of Ukraine by Russia has escalated tensions among the U.S., the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO and Russia. The U.S. and other NATO member states, as well as non-member states, have announced new sanctions against Russia and
certain Russian banks, enterprises and individuals. These and any future additional sanctions and any resulting conflict between Russia,
the U.S. and NATO countries could have an adverse impact on our current operations. 

Further,
such invasion, ongoing military conflict, resulting sanctions and related countermeasures by NATO states, the U.S. and other countries
have led, and are likely to continue to lead, to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and
capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions for equipment, which could have an adverse impact on our operations and financial
performance. 

17 

Risks
Relating to Our Capital Resources 

Our
indebtedness could expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In
the future, we may incur additional indebtedness. Our indebtedness could have significant negative consequences for our security holders,
business, results of operations and financial condition by, among other things: 

increasing
our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; 

limiting
our ability to obtain additional financing; 

requiring
the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness, which will reduce the amount of
cash available for other purposes; 

limiting
our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business; and 

placing
us at a possible competitive disadvantage with competitors that are less leveraged than us or have better access to capital. 

Our
business may not generate sufficient funds, and we may otherwise be unable to maintain sufficient cash reserves to pay any additional
indebtedness that we may incur. In addition, any future indebtedness that we may incur may contain financial and other restrictive covenants
that will limit our ability to operate our business, raise capital or make payments under our indebtedness. If we fail to comply with
such covenants or to make payments under any of our indebtedness when due, then we would be in default under that indebtedness, which
could, in turn, result in that indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full and cross-default or cross-acceleration under our other
indebtedness and other liabilities. 

Our
actual operating results may differ significantly from our guidance. 

From
time to time, we have released, and may continue to release, guidance in our quarterly earnings releases, quarterly earnings conference
calls, or otherwise, regarding our future performance that represents our management s estimates as of the date of release. This
guidance, which includes forward-looking statements, has been and will be based on projections prepared by our management. These projections
are not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and
neither our registered public accountants nor any other independent expert or outside party compiles or examines the projections. Accordingly,
no such person expresses any opinion or any other form of assurance with respect to the projections. 

Projections
are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, while presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to significant
business, economic, and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, such as COVID-19, and are
based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions, some of which will change. The rapidly evolving market in
which we operate may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and our future prospects, including our ability to plan for and
model future growth. We intend to state possible outcomes as high and low ranges which are intended to provide a sensitivity analysis
as variables are changed. However, actual results will vary from our guidance and the variations may be material. The principal reason
that we release guidance is to provide a basis for our management to discuss our business outlook as of the date of release with analysts
and investors. We do not accept any responsibility for any projections or reports published by any such persons. Investors are urged
not to rely upon our guidance in making an investment decision regarding our common stock. 

Any
failure to successfully implement our operating strategy or the occurrence of any of the events or circumstances set forth in this Risk
Factors section could result in our actual operating results being different from our guidance, and the differences may be
adverse and material. 

We
have a history of losses and may not achieve profitability in the future. We will need substantial additional capital to fund our operations.
If we fail to obtain additional capital, we may be unable to sustain operations. 

We
expect to continue to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future as we continue to expand and develop, and we may need additional
capital from external sources. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue
one or more of our R D programs. We may be required to cease operations or seek partners for our product candidates at an earlier
stage than otherwise would be desirable and on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available. In the absence of additional
capital we may also be required to relinquish, license or otherwise dispose of rights to technologies, product candidates or products
that we would otherwise seek to develop or commercialize on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available. If we are
unable to secure additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to reduce costs in order to conserve our cash in
amounts sufficient to sustain operations and meet our obligations. These measures could cause significant delays in the development of
our product candidates. 

18 

We
are a smaller reporting company under federal securities laws and we cannot be certain whether the reduced reporting requirements
applicable to such companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are a smaller reporting company under federal securities laws. For as long as we continue to be a smaller reporting company,
we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies, including reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company so long as our public float remains less than 250 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed
second fiscal quarter or our annual revenues are less than 100 million and our public float remains less than 700 million. We cannot
predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common
stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may decline or
be more volatile. 

Our
financial results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. 

We
expect our revenue and operating results to vary from quarter to quarter. Reductions in revenue in a particular quarter could lead to
lower profitability in that quarter because a relatively large amount of our expenses are fixed in the short-term. We may incur significant
operating expenses during the start-up and early stages of large contracts and may not be able to recognize corresponding revenue in
that same quarter. We may also incur additional expenses when contracts are terminated or expire and are not renewed. We may also incur
additional expenses when companies are newly acquired. 

In
addition, payments due to us from our customers may be delayed due to billing cycles or as a result of failures of government budgets
to gain congressional and administration approval in a timely manner. The U.S. government s fiscal year ends September 30.
If a federal budget for the next federal fiscal year has not been approved by that date in each year, our customers may have to suspend
engagements that we are working on until a budget has been approved. Any such suspensions may reduce our revenue in the fourth quarter
of the federal fiscal year or the first quarter of the subsequent federal fiscal year. The U.S. government s fiscal year end
can also trigger increased purchase requests from customers for equipment and materials. 

Any
increased purchase requests we receive as a result of the U.S. government s fiscal year end would serve to increase our third
or fourth quarter revenue, but will generally decrease profit margins for that quarter, as these activities generally are not as profitable
as our typical offerings. 

Additional
factors that may cause our financial results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter include those addressed elsewhere in this Risk
Factors section and the following factors, among others: 

the
terms of customer contracts that affect the timing of revenue recognition; 

variability
in demand for our services and solutions; 

commencement,
completion or termination of contracts during any particular quarter; 

timing
of shipments and product deliveries; 

timing
of award or performance incentive fee notices; 

timing
of significant bid and proposal costs; 

the
costs of remediating unknown defects, errors or performance problems of our product offerings; 

variable
purchasing patterns under blanket purchase agreements and other indefinite delivery/ indefinite quantity contracts; 

restrictions
on and delays related to the export of defense articles and services; 

costs
related to government inquiries; 

strategic
decisions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions, divestitures, spin-offs and joint ventures; 

strategic
investments or changes in business strategy; 

changes
in the extent to which we use subcontractors; 

seasonal
fluctuations in our staff utilization rates; 

19 

changes
in our effective tax rate, including changes in our judgment as to the necessity of the valuation allowance recorded against our deferred
tax assets; and 

the
length of sales cycles. 

Significant
fluctuations in our operating results for a particular quarter could cause us to fall out of compliance with the financial covenants
related to our debt, which if not waived, could restrict our access to capital and cause us to take extreme measures to pay down the
debt, if any. 

Changes
in our accounting estimates and assumptions could negatively affect our financial position and results of operations. 

We
prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These accounting principles require us to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of our financial statements. We are also required to make certain judgments that affect the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during each reporting period. We periodically evaluate our estimates and assumptions including, but not limited to, those
relating to business acquisitions, revenue recognition, restructuring costs, recoverability of assets including customer receivables,
valuation of goodwill and intangibles, contingencies, stock-based compensation and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical
experience and various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable based on specific circumstances. These assumptions and estimates
involve the exercise of judgment and discretion, which may evolve over time in light of operational experience, regulatory direction,
developments in accounting principles and other factors. Actual results could differ from these estimates as a result of changes in circumstances,
assumptions, policies or developments in the business, which could materially affect our consolidated financial statements. 

Risks
Relating to Our Organizational Structure 

Our
principal asset is our interest in Intuitive Machines OpCo, and, accordingly, we will depend on distributions from Intuitive Machines
OpCo to pay our taxes and expenses, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and to pay dividends. Intuitive Machines OpCo s
ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions. 

We
are a holding company and have no material assets other than our ownership of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units, Intuitive Machines
OpCo Warrants, Intuitive Machines OpCo Preferred Investor Warrants and Intuitive Machines OpCo Series A Units (each as described
in Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this
Annual Report). As such, we have no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow, and our ability to pay our taxes and operating
expenses or declare and pay dividends in the future are dependent upon the financial results and cash flows of Intuitive Machines OpCo
and its subsidiaries and distributions we receive from Intuitive Machines OpCo. Intuitive Machines OpCo and its subsidiaries may not
generate sufficient cash flow to distribute funds to us and applicable state law and contractual restrictions, including negative covenants
in our debt instruments, may not permit such distributions. 

We
anticipate that Intuitive Machines OpCo will continue to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as
such, will not be subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax. Instead, taxable income will be allocated to holders of Intuitive
Machines OpCo Common Units and Intuitive Machines OpCo Series A Units, including us. Accordingly, we will incur income taxes on
our allocable share of any net taxable income of Intuitive Machines OpCo. Under the terms of the A R Operating Agreement, Intuitive
Machines OpCo is obligated, subject to various limitations and restrictions, including with respect to any applicable credit agreements,
to make tax distributions to holders of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units and Intuitive Machines OpCo Series A Units, including
us. In addition to tax expenses, we will also incur expenses related to our operations, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement,
which we expect could be significant. 

We
intend, as its managing member, to cause Intuitive Machines OpCo to make (i) pro rata tax distributions to the Intuitive Machines
Members in an amount sufficient to fund all or part of their tax obligations in respect of taxable income allocated to them and to
cover our tax obligations, other than with respect to income allocated to the Series A Preferred Units (as defined in Part II. Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report)
but including payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement, (ii) additional tax distributions to us to the extent necessary to
cover our tax obligations with respect to income from the Series A Preferred Units and (iii) distributions to us to pay our
operating expenses and to fund any dividends, including dividends made on the Series A Preferred Stock (as defined in Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations in this Annual Report). However, Intuitive Machines
OpCo s ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions, such as restrictions on
distributions that would either violate any contract or agreement to which Intuitive Machines OpCo is then a party, including debt
agreements, or any applicable law, or that would have the effect of rendering Intuitive Machines OpCo insolvent. If we do not have
sufficient funds to pay our tax or other liabilities or to fund our operations (including, if applicable, as a result of an
acceleration of our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement), we may have to borrow funds, which could materially adversely
affect our liquidity and financial condition and subject us to various restrictions imposed by any such lenders. To the extent that
we are unable to make timely payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, such payments generally will be deferred
and will accrue interest until paid; provided, however, that nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a material breach of a
material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement resulting in a termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement and the
acceleration of payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

20 

Under
the A R Operating Agreement, we intend to cause Intuitive Machines OpCo, from time to time, to make pro rata distributions in cash
to each holder of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units (including us) in amounts at least sufficient to cover the taxes imposed on their
allocable share of net taxable income of Intuitive Machines OpCo. As a result of (i) potential differences in the amount of net taxable
income allocable to us and to Intuitive Machines OpCo s other members, (ii) the lower tax rate applicable to corporations compared
to individuals, and (iii) certain tax benefits that we anticipate from (a) future purchases or redemptions of Intuitive Machines OpCo
Common Units from the Intuitive Machines Members (other than us) and (b) payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, these cash distributions
may be in amounts that exceed our actual tax liabilities with respect to the relevant taxable year, including our obligations under the
Tax Receivable Agreement. Our Board will determine the appropriate uses for any such excess cash, which may include, among other uses,
the payment of obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement and the payment of other expenses. We will have no obligation to distribute
such cash (or other available cash) to our stockholders. No adjustments to the exchange ratio for Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units
and corresponding shares of Class A Common Stock will be made as a result of any cash distribution by us or any retention of cash by
us, and in any event the ratio will remain one-to-one. To the extent we do not distribute such excess cash as dividends on our stock,
we may take other actions with respect to such excess cash, for example, holding such excess cash, or lending it (or a portion thereof)
to Intuitive Machines OpCo, which may result in shares of our Class A Common Stock increasing in value relative to the value of Intuitive
Machines OpCo Common Units. Following such loan or a contribution of such excess cash to Intuitive Machines OpCo, we may, but are not
required to, make an adjustment to the outstanding number of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units held by the Intuitive Machines Members
(other than us). In the absence of such adjustment, the Intuitive Machines Members may benefit from any value attributable to such cash
and/or loan balances if they acquire shares of Class A Common Stock in exchange for their Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units, notwithstanding
that such holders may have participated previously as holders of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units in distributions that resulted
in such excess cash balances. 

The
Tax Receivable Agreement with certain members of Intuitive Machines OpCo (the TRA Holders requires us to make cash payments
to them in respect of certain tax benefits to which we may become entitled, and we expect that the payments we will be required to make
will be substantial. 

In
connection with the consummation of the Transactions, we entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement with Intuitive Machines OpCo and the
TRA Holders. Under the Tax Receivable Agreement, we are required to make cash payments to the TRA Holders equal to 85 of the amount
of cash tax savings, if any, that we actually realize, or in certain circumstances are deemed to realize (calculated using certain assumptions),
as a result of the Existing Basis, Basis Adjustments and Interest Deductions (each as defined below). Assuming no material changes in
the relevant tax law and that we earn sufficient taxable income to realize all tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement,
we expect that the tax savings associated with the (i) Existing Basis, (ii) Basis Adjustments, and (iii) Interest Deductions would aggregate
to approximately 170.4 million over 20 years from the Closing Date based on a 10.00 per share trading price of our Class A Common Stock,
and assuming all future redemptions or exchanges would occur one year after the Closing Date at the same assumed price per share. Under
such scenario, assuming future payments are made on the due date (with extension) of each relevant U.S. federal income tax return, we
would be required to pay approximately 87 of such amount, or approximately 148.2 million, over the 20-year period the Closing Date,
and we would benefit from the remaining 13 of the tax benefits. We will depend on cash distributions from Intuitive Machines OpCo to
make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Any payments made by us to the TRA Holders under the Tax Receivable Agreement will
generally reduce the amount of cash that might have otherwise been available to us. Due to the uncertainty of various factors, we cannot
precisely quantify the likely tax benefits we will realize as a result of the purchase of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units and Intuitive
Machines OpCo Common Unit exchanges, and the resulting amounts we are likely to pay out to the TRA Holders pursuant to the Tax Receivable
Agreement; however, we estimate that such payments will be substantial. 

The
payment obligation is an obligation of us and not of Intuitive Machines OpCo. Any payments made by us to the TRA Holders under the Tax
Receivable Agreement will not be available for reinvestment in our business and will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow
that might have otherwise been available to us. To the extent that we are unable to make timely payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement
for any reason, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid by us. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement
are not conditioned upon one or more of the TRA Holders maintaining a continued ownership interest in Intuitive Machines OpCo or us.
Furthermore, if we experience a Change of Control (as defined under the A R Operating Agreement), which includes certain mergers,
asset sales and other forms of business combinations, we would be obligated to make an immediate payment, and such payment may be significantly
in advance of, and may materially exceed, the actual realization, if any, of the future tax benefits to which the payment relates. This
payment obligation could (i) make us a less attractive target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot
use some or all of the tax benefits that are the subject of the Tax Receivable Agreement and (ii) result in holders of our Class A Common
Stock receiving substantially less consideration in connection with a change of control transaction than they would receive in the absence
of such obligation. Accordingly, the TRA Holders interests may conflict with those of the holders of our Class A Common Stock.
For more information, see Part III. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Tax
Receivable Agreement. 

21 

In
addition, decisions we make in the course of running our business, such as with respect to mergers, asset sales, other forms of business
combinations or other changes in control, may influence the timing and amount of payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreement. For
example, the earlier disposition of assets following a redemption or exchange of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units may accelerate
the recognition of associated tax benefits for which we would be required to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement and increase
the present value of such payments, and the disposition of assets before a redemption or exchange of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units
increase the tax liability of the TRA Holders (or their transferees or assignees) without giving rise to any rights to receive payments
under the Tax Receivable Agreement with respect to tax attributes associated with such assets. 

The
ability to generate tax assets covered by the Tax Receivable Agreement, and the actual use of any resulting tax benefits, as well as
the amount and timing of any payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the
timing of redemptions or exchanges of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units by, or purchases of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units from,
the TRA Holders (or their transferees or other assignees), the price of our Class A Common Stock at the time of the redemption, exchange
or purchase; the extent to which such redemptions, exchanges or purchases are taxable; the amount and timing of the taxable income allocated
to us or otherwise generated by us in the future; the tax rates and laws then applicable and the portion of our payments under the Tax
Receivable Agreement constituting imputed interest. 

In
certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement to the TRA Holders may be accelerated and/or significantly exceed any actual
benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

The
Tax Receivable Agreement provides that if (i) we materially breach any of our material obligations thereunder or the Tax Receivable
Agreement is rejected by operation of law, (ii) certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes
of control were to occur after the Closing Date or (iii) we elect an early termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement, then our
obligations, or our successor s obligations, under the Tax Receivable Agreement to make payments would be accelerated and become
immediately due and payable. The amount due and payable in those circumstances is based on the present value (at a discount rate equal
to the secured overnight financing rate SOFR plus 100 basis points) of projected future tax benefits that are based on
certain assumptions, including an assumption that we would have sufficient taxable income to fully use all potential future tax benefits
that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. Based on such assumptions, if we were to exercise our termination right, or the Tax
Receivable Agreement is otherwise terminated, the aggregate amount of the termination payments would be approximately 100.4 million. 

As
a result of the foregoing, we would be required to make an immediate cash payment that may be made significantly in advance of the actual
realization, if any, of such future tax benefits. We could also be required to make cash payments to the TRA Holders that are greater
than 85 of the actual cash tax savings we ultimately realize in respect of the tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement.
In these situations, our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity and
could have the effect of deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes
of control. We may need to incur debt to finance payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement to the extent our cash resources are insufficient
to meet our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise. We may not be able to fund
or finance our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

We
will not be reimbursed for any payments made to the TRA Holders under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the event that any tax benefits
are disallowed. 

Payments
under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine, which are complex and factual in nature,
and the IRS or another taxing authority may challenge all or part of the tax basis increases or other tax benefits we claim, as well
as other related tax positions we take, and a court could sustain such challenge. If the outcome of any such challenge would reasonably
be expected to materially affect a recipient s rights and obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement, then our ability to settle
such challenges may be restricted by the rights of the TRA Holders pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement, and such restrictions apply
for as long as the Tax Receivable Agreement remains in effect. In addition, we will not be reimbursed for any cash payments previously
made to the TRA Holders under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the event that any tax benefits initially claimed by us and for which payment
has been made to a TRA Holder are subsequently challenged by a taxing authority and are ultimately disallowed. Instead, any excess cash
payments made by us to a TRA Holder will be netted against any future cash payments that we might otherwise be required to make to such
TRA Holder under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement. However, we might not determine that we have effectively made an excess cash
payment to a TRA Holder for a number of years following the initial time of such payment and, if any of our tax reporting positions
are challenged by a taxing authority, we will not be permitted to reduce any future cash payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement
until any such challenge is finally settled or determined. Moreover, the excess cash payments we made previously under the Tax Receivable
Agreement could be greater than the amount of future cash payments against which we would otherwise be permitted to net such excess.
As a result, payments could be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement significantly in excess of 85 of the actual cash tax savings
that we realize in respect of the tax attributes with respect to a TRA Holder that are the subject of the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

22 

If
Intuitive Machines OpCo were to become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
we and Intuitive Machines OpCo might be subject to potentially significant tax inefficiencies, and we would not be able to recover payments
we previously made under the Tax Receivable Agreement even if the corresponding tax benefits were subsequently determined to have been
unavailable due to such status. 

We
and Intuitive Machines OpCo intend to operate such that Intuitive Machines OpCo does not become a publicly traded partnership taxable
as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A publicly traded partnership is a partnership, the interests
of which are traded on an established securities market or are readily tradable on a secondary market or the substantial equivalent thereof.
Under certain circumstances, exercises of the Intuitive Machines OpCo Options, redemptions and exchanges of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common
Units pursuant to the Intuitive Machines Members redemption and exchange rights as described under Part III. Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, Director Independence A R Operating Agreement LLC Unit Redemption
Right, or other transfers of Intuitive Machines OpCo units could cause Intuitive Machines OpCo to be treated as a publicly
traded partnership. Applicable U.S. Treasury regulations provide for certain safe harbors from treatment as a publicly traded partnership,
and we intend to operate so that redemptions, exchanges and other transfers of Intuitive Machines OpCo units qualify for one or
more such safe harbors. For example, we intend to limit the number of unitholders of Intuitive Machines OpCo, and the A R Operating
Agreement provides for limitations on the ability of unitholders of Intuitive Machines OpCo to transfer their Intuitive Machines OpCo
units and will provide us, as managing member of Intuitive Machines OpCo, with the right to impose restrictions (in addition to
those already in place) on the ability of owners of Intuitive Machines OpCo to redeem, exchange or otherwise transfer their Intuitive
Machines OpCo units to the extent we believe it is necessary to ensure that Intuitive Machines OpCo will continue to be classified
as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

If
Intuitive Machines OpCo were to become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
significant tax inefficiencies might result for us and for Intuitive Machines OpCo, including as a result of our inability to file a
consolidated U.S. federal income tax return with Intuitive Machines OpCo. In addition, we may not be able to realize tax benefits
covered under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and we would not be able to recover any payments previously made by us under the Tax Receivable
Agreement, even if the corresponding tax benefits (including any claimed increase in the tax basis of Intuitive Machines OpCo s
assets) were subsequently determined to have been unavailable. 

If
we were deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, as a result of our ownership of Intuitive Machines OpCo,
applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect
on our business. 

Under
Sections 3(a)(1)(A) and (C) of the Investment Company Act, a company generally will be deemed to be an investment company 
for purposes of the Investment Company Act if (i) it is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage
primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities or (ii) it engages, or proposes to engage, in the
business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities
having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated
basis. We do not believe that we are an investment company, as such term is defined in either of those sections of the
Investment Company Act. 

As
the sole managing member of Intuitive Machines OpCo, we control and operate Intuitive Machines OpCo. On that basis, we believe that our
interest in Intuitive Machines OpCo is not an investment security as that term is used in the Investment Company Act. However,
if we were to cease participation in the management of Intuitive Machines OpCo, our interest in Intuitive Machines OpCo could be deemed
an investment security for purposes of the Investment Company Act. 

We
and Intuitive Machines OpCo intend to continue to conduct our operations so that we will not be deemed an investment company. However,
if we were to be deemed an investment company, restrictions imposed by the Investment Company Act, including limitations on our capital
structure and our ability to transact with affiliates, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and
could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
and Intuitive Machines OpCo are controlled by our Founders (as defined below), whose interests may differ from those of our public stockholders. 

Our
Founders, Dr. Kamal Ghaffarian, Stephen Altemus and Timothy Crain and their permitted transferees (collectively, the Founders ),
have control over all stockholder decisions because they control a substantial majority of the combined voting power. This may limit
or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters. Our Founders collectively control approximately 83.2 of the combined voting
power of our common stock as a result of their ownership of Class C Common Stock, each share of which is entitled to three votes on all
matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. 

As
a result, the Intuitive Machines Founders have the ability to control any action requiring the general approval of our stockholders,
including the election and removal of directors and thereby determine corporate and management policies, including potential mergers
or acquisitions, payment of dividends, asset sales, amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws and other significant
corporate transactions for so long as they retain significant ownership of our Class C Common Stock. This concentration of ownership
and voting power may also delay, defer or even prevent an acquisition by a third party or other change of control of us and may make
some transactions more difficult or impossible without their support, even if such events are in the best interests of minority stockholders.
This concentration of voting power may have a negative impact on the trading price of Class A Common Stock. 

23 

Our
Founders are entitled to vote their shares, and shares over which they have voting control, in their own interests, which may not always
be in the interests of our stockholders generally. Because our Founders hold their economic interest in our business through Intuitive
Machines OpCo, rather than through us, they may have conflicting interests with holders of shares of Class A Common Stock. For example,
our Founders may have a different tax position from us, which could influence their decisions regarding whether and when we should dispose
of assets or incur new or refinance existing indebtedness, especially in light of the existence of the Tax Receivable Agreement, and
whether and when we should undergo certain changes of control within the meaning of the Tax Receivable Agreement or terminate the Tax
Receivable Agreement. In addition, the structuring of future transactions may take into consideration these tax or other considerations
even where no similar benefit would accrue to us. See Part III. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, Director
Independence Tax Receivable Agreement. In addition, our Founders ability to effectively control us may discourage
someone from making a significant equity investment in us, or could discourage transactions involving a change in control, including
transactions in which you as a holder of shares of Class A Common Stock might otherwise receive a premium for your shares over the then-current
market price. 

We
cannot predict the impact our multi-class structure may have on our stock price. 

We
cannot predict whether our multi-class structure will result in a lower or more volatile market price of our Class A Common Stock or
in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers have announced restrictions on including companies
with multiple-class share structures in certain of their indices. FTSE Russell and Standard Poor s does not allow most
newly public companies utilizing dual or multi-class capital structure to be included in their indices. Affected indices include the
Russell 2000 and the S P 500, S P MidCap 400 and S P Small Cap 600, which together make up the S P Composite 1500. Our
multi-class capital structure may make us ineligible for inclusion in certain indices, and as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded
funds and other investment vehicles that attempt to passively track these indices will not be investing in our stock. In addition, other
stock indices may take similar actions. Given the sustained flow of investment funds into passive strategies that seek to track certain
indices, exclusion from certain stock indices would likely preclude investment by many of these funds and would make our Class A Common
Stock less attractive to other investors. As a result, the trading price and volume of our Class A Common Stock could be adversely affected. 

Risks
Relating to the Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 

Delaware
law and our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws contain certain provisions, including anti-takeover provisions,
that limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may
consider favorable. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation, and the DGCL, contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing
an acquisition deemed undesirable by the Board and therefore depress the trading price of our Class A Common Stock. These provisions
could also make it difficult for stockholders to take certain actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the then-current members
of the Board or taking other corporate actions, including effecting changes in management. Among other things, the Certificate of Incorporation
and By-Laws include provisions regarding: 

the
ability of the Board to issue shares of preferred stock, including blank check preferred stock and to determine the price
and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly
dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 

the
limitation of the liability of, and the indemnification of, our directors and officers; 

the
right of the Board to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the Board or the resignation, death or removal of
a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on the Board; 

the
requirement that directors may only be removed from the Board for cause and upon the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 
of the total voting power of the then outstanding capital stock; 

a
prohibition from and after the time we cease to be a controlled company under applicable Nasdaq rules, on stockholder action by written
consent (except for actions by the holders of Class B Common Stock, Class C Common Stock or as required for holders of any
series of Preferred Stock), which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders and could delay
the ability of stockholders to force consideration of a stockholder proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 

24 

the
requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the Board, the chairman of the Board or chief executive officer
or (ii) for so long as we are a controlled company under applicable Nasdaq rules, by our secretary at the request of any holder
of record of at least 25 of the voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock, which could delay the ability of
stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 

controlling
the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of the Board and stockholder meetings; 

the
requirement for the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3 of the total voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of
the voting stock, voting together as a single class, to amend, alter, change or repeal certain provisions in the Certificate of Incorporation
which could preclude stockholders from bringing matters before annual or special meetings of stockholders and delay changes in the Board
and also may inhibit the ability of an acquirer to effect such amendments to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; 

the
ability of the Board to amend the By-Laws, which may allow the Board to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and
inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend the By-Laws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; and 

advance
notice procedures with which our stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to the Board or to propose matters to be acted upon
at a stockholders meeting, which could preclude stockholders from bringing matters before annual or special meetings of stockholders
and delay changes in the Board and also may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect
the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 

These
provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in the Board or management. 

In
addition, as a Delaware corporation, we will generally be subject to provisions of Delaware law, including the DGCL. Any provision
of the Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control could
limit the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Class A Common Stock and could also affect the price
that some investors are willing to pay for our Class A Common Stock. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation designates a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain
types of actions and proceedings between us and our stockholders, and the federal district courts as the exclusive forum for Securities
Act claims, which could limit our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers,
or employees. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware, or if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, any other court located in the State of Delaware
with subject matter jurisdiction, will be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our
behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee
or stockholder of Intuitive Machines, Inc. to it or its stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against us or our officers
or directors arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws or as to which the DGCL
confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, (d) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine
the validity of the Certificate of Incorporation or the By-Laws or any provision thereof, (e) any action asserting a claim
against us or any current or former director, officer, employee, stockholder or agent of Intuitive Machines, Inc. governed by the internal
affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware or (f) any action asserting an internal corporate claim as defined
in Section 115 of the DGCL. The Certificate of Incorporation will also provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection
of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive
forum for the resolutions of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. This provision in the Certificate
of Incorporation will not address or apply to claims that arise under the Exchange Act; however, Section 27 of the Exchange Act
creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder. To the extent these provisions could be construed to apply to such claims, there is uncertainty as
to whether a court would enforce such provisions in connection with such claims, and stockholders cannot waive compliance with the federal
securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Any
person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities of will be deemed to have notice of and consented
to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation described in the preceding paragraph. These exclusive-forum provisions may
limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers,
or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. The enforceability of
similar exclusive-forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings,
and it is possible that, in connection with one or more actions or proceedings described above, a court could rule that this provision
in the Certificate of Incorporation is inapplicable or unenforceable. If a court were to find these exclusive-forum provisions to
be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions,
which could harm its results of operations. 

25 

We
are a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq listing standards and, as a result, qualify for, and rely on,
exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. You may not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies
that are subject to such requirements . 

Our
Founders own more than 50 of the combined voting power for the election of directors to the Board, and, as a result, we are considered
a controlled company for the purposes of the Nasdaq rules. As such, we qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance
requirements, including that a majority of the Board consist of independent directors, as defined under the Nasdaq rules.
In addition, we are not required to have a nominating and corporate governance committee or compensation committee that is composed entirely
of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities or to conduct annual performance
evaluations of the nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees. 

As
permitted for a controlled company, a majority of our Board and our Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committees will not be independent. Accordingly, our stockholders may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies
that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq rules. 

If
at any time we cease to be a controlled company under the Nasdaq rules, the Board intends to take any action that may be
necessary to comply with the Nasdaq rules, subject to a permitted phase-in period. These and any other actions necessary
to achieve compliance with such rules may increase our legal and administrative costs, will make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and
costly and may also place additional strain on our personnel, systems and resources. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation does not limit the ability of Inflection
Point Holdings LLC (the Sponsor ), investment funds affiliated with or advised by Kingstown Capital Management L.P. (the
 Kingstown Funds or our non-employee directors to compete with us. 

The
Sponsor, the Kingstown Funds and our non-employee directors and their respective affiliates engage in a broad spectrum of activities,
including investments in the aerospace industries. In the ordinary course of their business activities, the Sponsor, the Kingstown Funds
and our non-employee directors and their respective affiliates may engage in activities where their interests conflict with our
interests or those of our stockholders. The Certificate of Incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, none
of the Sponsor, the Kingstown Funds, our non-employee directors or any their respective affiliates (including any non-employee director
who serves as an officer in both his or her director and officer capacities) will have any duty to refrain from engaging, directly
or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which we operate or otherwise competing
with us or any of our affiliates. Further, to the fullest extent permitted by law, no such persons will be liable to us for breach of
any fiduciary duty solely by reason of the fact that such person engages in any such activity. The Sponsor, the Kingstown Funds, and
their directors and officers may pursue, in their capacities other than as directors of our Board, acquisition opportunities that may
be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. In addition, the Sponsor,
the Kingstown Funds, and their directors and officers may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions
that, in its judgment, could enhance its investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to you. 

Our
business and operations could be negatively affected if it becomes subject to any securities litigation or stockholder activism, which
could cause us to incur significant expense, hinder execution of business and growth strategy and impact our stock price. 

In
the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation
has often been brought against that company. Shareholder activism, which could take many forms or arise in a variety of situations, has
been increasing recently. Volatility in the stock price of our Class A Common Stock or other reasons may in the future cause it
to become the target of securities litigation or stockholder activism. Securities litigation and stockholder activism, including potential
proxy contests, could result in substantial costs and divert management s and our Board s attention and resources from our
business. Additionally, such securities litigation and stockholder activism could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future,
adversely affect its relationships with service providers and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel. Also,
we may be required to incur significant legal fees and other expenses related to any securities litigation and activist stockholder matters. 

Further,
its stock price could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties
of any securities litigation and stockholder activism. 

We
may issue shares of preferred stock in the future, which could make it difficult for another company to acquire us or could otherwise
adversely affect holders of Class A Common Stock, which could depress the trading price of our Class A Common Stock. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to issue one or more series of preferred stock. Our Board has the authority to determine the
preferences, limitations and relative rights of the shares of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series
and the designation of such series, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our preferred stock could be issued with
voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to the rights of Class A Common Stock. The potential issuance of preferred stock
may delay or prevent a change in control of us, discourage bids for Class A Common Stock at a premium to the market price and materially
and adversely affect the market price and the voting and other rights of the holders of Class A Common Stock. 

26 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
principal facility is currently based on Houston, Texas; however, we are currently transitioning to a new lunar production and operations
center at the Houston Spaceport at Ellington Airport. The center is designed to span across about 12.5 acres of real estate and to have
more than 100,000 square feet of office and advanced production space. Other features are being designed to include tiered storage, an
advanced loading dock, and a production area with 45-foot ceilings and crane that will be capable of handling all Nova Lunar Lander designs.
The facility will host the first commercial use SCIF in Houston with a plan to include office tenant space for Department of Defense
units and innovation accelerators. 

The
new lunar production and operations center and corporate offices under construction at the Houston Spaceport are expected to be completed
in the third quarter of 2023, and are estimated to cost approximately 40 million to complete, subject to future design or development
changes. We expect to fund the new facilities construction costs as they are incurred using cash on hand and in reliance upon
a build-to-suit lease arrangement whereby the lessor is expected to reimburse up to 40 million for certain costs incurred by us for
design, construction, and development. Upon completion of the construction project, the lunar production and operations center will serve
as our principal facility under a ground lease agreement with an initial term of 20 years with four optional renewal periods of 5 years
each. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

In
the ordinary course of business, we are involved in various pending and threatened litigation matters. In the future, we may be subject
to additional legal proceedings, the scope and severity of which is unknown and could adversely affect our business. In addition, from
time to time, we may receive letters or other forms of communication asserting claims against us. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
Applicable. 

27 

PART
II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our Class A Common
Stock began trading on the Nasdaq under the symbol LUNR on February 14, 2023. Our warrants began trading on the Nasdaq under
the symbol LUNRW on the same day. 

Holders 

At March 29, 2023, there
were ten holders of record of our Class A Common Stock, three holders of record of our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per
share (the Class B Common Stock ), five holders of record of our Class C common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class
C Common Stock ), two holders of record of our Series A Preferred Stock, and two holders of record of our warrants. 

Dividend Policy 

We have no current plans to pay dividends on our
Class A Common Stock. Holders of our Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock do not have any right to receive dividends,
or to receive a distribution upon a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of Intuitive Machines, Inc., with respect to their Class B
Common Stock or Class C Common Stock. Our Series A Preferred Stock pays dividends, semi-annually at the rate of 10 of the original
price per share, plus the amount of previously accrued, but unpaid dividends, compounded semi-annually, and participates with the Class A
Common Stock on all other dividends. Accrued dividends may be paid (i) in cash, (ii) subject to satisfaction of certain equity
conditions, in shares of Class A Common Stock or (iii) accumulated, compounded and added to the liquidation preference. The
declaration, amount, and payment of any future dividends on shares of Class A Common Stock is at the sole discretion of our Board,
and we may reduce or discontinue entirely the payment of such dividends at any time. Our Board may take into account general and economic
conditions, our financial condition and operating results, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements,
contractual, legal, tax, and regulatory restrictions and implications on the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our
subsidiaries to us, and such other factors as our Board may deem relevant. 

We are a holding company and have no material
assets other than our ownership of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units. The A R Operating Agreement provides that certain distributions
to cover the taxes of the holders of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units will be made based upon assumed tax rates and other assumptions
provided in the A R Operating Agreement. See Part III. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence A R Operating Agreement . The manager of Intuitive Machines OpCo has broad discretion
to make distributions out of Intuitive Machines OpCo. In the event we declare any cash dividend, we expect that Intuitive Machines, Inc.,
as the manager of Intuitive Machines OpCo, would cause Intuitive Machines OpCo to make distributions to us in an amount sufficient to
cover such cash dividends declared by us. If Intuitive Machines OpCo makes such distributions to us, the other holders of Intuitive Machines
OpCo Common Units will also be entitled to receive the respective equivalent pro rata distributions in accordance with the percentages
of their respective Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units. 

We anticipate that cash received by Intuitive
Machines OpCo may, in certain periods, exceed its liabilities, including tax liabilities, and obligations to make payments under the Tax
Receivable Agreement. We expect that we may use any such excess cash from time to time to pay dividends, which may include special dividends,
on the Class A Common Stock, to fund repurchases of its Class A Common Stock, or any combination of the foregoing. Our Board,
in its sole discretion, will make any determination with respect to the use of any such excess cash. 

We also expect, if necessary, to undertake ameliorative
actions, which may include pro rata or non-pro rata reclassifications, combinations, subdivisions, or adjustments of outstanding Intuitive
Machines OpCo Common Units, or to declare a stock dividend on our Class A Common Stock of an aggregate number of additional newly
issued shares that corresponds to the number of additional Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units that Intuitive Machines, Inc. is
acquiring , to maintain one-to-one parity between Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units and shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B
Common Stock and Class C Common Stock. 

Any financing arrangements that we enter into
in the future may include restrictive covenants that limit our ability to pay dividends. In addition, Intuitive Machines OpCo is generally
prohibited under Delaware law from making a distribution to a member to the extent that, at the time of the distribution, after giving
effect to the distribution, liabilities of Intuitive Machines OpCo (with certain exceptions) exceed the fair value of its assets. 

Since its formation in January 27, 2021,
Intuitive Machines, Inc. has not paid any dividends to holders of its outstanding common stock. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have
any securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. On February 13, 2023, in connection with the Transactions, our
shareholders approved the Intuitive Machines, Inc. 2023 Long Term Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan ).
We have reserved a total of 12,706,811 shares of our Class A common stock for issuance pursuant to the Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan,
and the maximum number of shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock
options granted under the Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan is 12,706,811, in each case, subject to certain adjustments set forth therein . 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

28 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You should read the following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes thereto
included in Part II. Item 8. of this Annual Report. 

Unless otherwise indicated, references to the
 Company, our, us or we in this Item 7 refer to Inflection Point Acquisition Corp.,
or IPAX, before the consummation of the Business Combination. The term New Intuitive Machines refers to Intuitive Machines,
Inc. after the consummation of the Business Combination. 

The financial information included in this
Item 7 is that of IPAX prior to the Business Combination because the Business Combination was consummated subsequent to the period covered
by the audited financial statements included in this Annual Report. 

Overview 

Until February 13, 2023, we were a blank check
company incorporated on January 27, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company under the name, Inflection Point Acquisition Corp., for
the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with
one or more businesses. 

Initial Public Offering and Private Placements 

On September 24, 2021, we completed our initial
public offering IPO of 30,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit (the Units ), and issued an additional 2,975,000
Units (the Over-Allotment Units to the underwriters on October 29, 2021 upon their partial exercise of their over-allotment
option, generating aggregate gross proceeds to us of 329,750,000. Each Unit consisted of one of our Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001
par value (the Class A ordinary shares or Public Shares and one-half of one redeemable warrant
(each, a Public Warrant ), with each whole warrant entitling the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per
share, subject to adjustment. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we
sold to our Sponsor, Inflection Point Holdings LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company (the Sponsor ), 6,250,000
private placement warrants IPO Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, and simultaneously with the
sale of the Over-Allotment Units, sold to our Sponsor an additional 595,000 private placement warrants (the Over-Allotment Private
Placement Warrants and, together with the IPO Private Placement Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants ), generating
aggregate gross proceeds to us of 6,845,000. 

An aggregate of 12 qualified institutional buyers Anchor Investors were allocated and purchased a total of 29,540,000 Units or 98.5 of the Units sold in the IPO. One of
the Anchor Investors, Kingstown 1740 Fund, LP Kingstown 1740 ), is an affiliate of our Sponsor, and was allocated and purchased
2,900,000 Units in the IPO. 

In addition, subject to each Anchor Investor purchasing
100 of the Units allocated to it, in connection with the closing of the IPO, our Sponsor sold membership interests reflecting an allocation
of Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares to each Anchor Investor, amounting to an aggregate
of 1,625,000 Founder Shares to all Anchor Investors collectively. We estimated the aggregate fair value of these Founder Shares attributable
to Anchor Investors to be approximately 9.68 million, or 5.96 per share. The excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares was determined
to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares and the Public
Warrants was all charged to shareholder s equity upon the completion of the IPO. 

Transaction costs from the IPO amounted to 26,658,313,
consisting of 4,595,000 of underwriting commissions, 11,541,250 of deferred underwriting commissions, 9,680,125 of excess fair value
of Founder Shares, and 841,938 of other offering costs, with 23,439 allocated to the over-allotment option, 24,538,134 allocated to
the Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption, and 2,096,740 allocated to the Class A ordinary shares not subject to redemption,
the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants. 

Following the consummation of the IPO, including
the sale of the Over-Allotment Units, a total of 329,750,000 from the proceeds of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Over-Allotment
Units was deposited into a trust account (the Trust Account ). The proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were used
to pay a portion of the transaction expenses with the remainder deposited into the operating account. 

Business Combination with Intuitive Machines
OpCo 

On September 16, 2022, the Company entered
into a business combination agreement (the Business Combination Agreement with Intuitive Machines OpCo. 

29 

On February
10, 2023, as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and described in the section titled The Business Combination Proposal 
of the Company s final prospectus and definitive proxy statement, dated January 24, 2023 (the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and filed with the SEC on January 24, 2023, the Company filed a notice of deregistration with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies,
together with the necessary accompanying documents, and filed a certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and a certificate of corporate domestication with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, pursuant to which the Company was domesticated
and continues as a Delaware corporation, changing its name to Intuitive Machines, Inc. (the Domestication ). 

Immediately
prior to the Domestication, each of the then issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share
(each, a Class B ordinary share ), converted automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into a Class A ordinary share of the
Company. As a result of and upon the effective time of the Domestication, among other things, (1) each of the then issued and outstanding
Class A ordinary shares automatically converted, on a one-for-one basis, into a share of the Company s Class A common stock, par
value 0.0001 per share (the Class A Common Stock (2) each of the then issued and outstanding warrants representing the
right to purchase one Class A ordinary share automatically converted into a warrant to acquire one share of the Company s Class
A Common Stock pursuant to the related warrant agreement (each warrant, an Intuitive Machines Warrant and (3) each of
the then issued and outstanding Units were canceled and each holder thereof was entitled to one share of the Company s Class A Common
Stock and one-half of one Intuitive Machines Warrant per unit. 

On February 13, 2023, we consummated the transactions
contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, whereby (i) Intuitive Machines OpCo appointed
the Company as its managing member, (ii) we issued to certain existing members of Intuitive Machines OpCo prior to the Business Combination,
a number of shares of our Class B Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, having one vote per share and no economic rights or our Class
C Common, par value 0.0001 per share, having three votes per share and no economic rights, in each case, equal to the number of common
units of Intuitive Machines OpCo Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units held by such person as of and on the Closing Date
and (iii) we contributed to Intuitive Machines OpCo an amount in cash (the Available Closing Cash equal to the sum of (without
duplication): (a) all amounts in our Trust Account, less (x) amounts required for the redemptions of Cayman Class A Shares by shareholders
of IPAX prior to the Business Combination and (y) our and Intuitive Machines OpCo s transaction expenses, plus (b) the aggregate
proceeds actually received by IPAX from the Securities Purchase Agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with certain
investors (collectively, the Series A Investors ), pursuant to which the Series A Investors purchased 26.0 million (the
 Series A Investment of 10 Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company Series A Preferred Stock and warrants exercisable to purchase shares of our Class A Common Stock at an initial exercise
price of 15.00 (the Preferred Investor Warrants ), plus (c) all other cash and cash equivalents of IPAX, determined in accordance
with GAAP as of 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on February 12, 2023 plus (d) the Founder Subscription Amount (as defined in the Business Combination
Agreement) in exchange for the issuance by Intuitive Machines OpCo to us (w) a number of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units equal to
the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Closing Date, (x) a number of warrants of Intuitive
Machines OpCo (the Intuitive Machines OpCo Warrants equal to the number of Intuitive Machines Warrants issued and outstanding
as of the Closing Date, (y) a number of Series A preferred units of Intuitive Machines (the Series A Preferred Units equal
to the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of the Closing Date and issued to the Series A Investors
and (z) a number of Intuitive Machines OpCo preferred investor warrants (the Intuitive Machines OpCo Preferred Investor Warrants equal to the number of Preferred Investor Warrants delivered to the Series A Investors on the Closing Date (together with the Domestication,
the Transactions ). 

For additional information regarding the Transactions,
see the section titled The Business Combination Proposal of the Company s final
prospectus and definitive proxy statement, dated January 24, 2023 (the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and filed with the SEC
on January 24, 2023 and the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2023. 

As a result of the Business Combination, our only
direct assets consist of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units, and substantially all of our assets and business are held by Intuitive
Machines OpCo and its subsidiaries. See Note 1 in the notes to our audited financial statements included in Part II. Item 8 in this Annual
Report. 

The Series A Investment 

On September 16, 2022, concurrently with the execution
of the Business Combination Agreement, IPAX entered into a purchase agreement (the Series A Purchase Agreement with Kingstown
1740 (an existing security holder of the Company and an affiliate of the Sponsor) and Ghaffarian Enterprises, LLC (an affiliate of Kamal
Ghaffarian, an Intuitive Machines founder) (collectively, the Series A Investors ), pursuant to which, and on the terms and
subject to the conditions of which, New Intuitive Machines agreed to issue and sell to the Series A Investors (i) an aggregate of 26,000
shares of Series A Preferred Stock which would be convertible into shares of New Intuitive Machines Class A Common Stock and (ii) warrants
to purchase 541,667 shares of New Intuitive Machines Class A Common Stock at an initial exercise price of 15.00 per share, subject to
adjustment (the Preferred Investor Warrants ). The Series A Investment was consummated following the Domestication but immediately
prior to the Closing. 

30 

Tax Receivable Agreement 

On February 13, 2023, in connection with the consummation
of the Transactions and as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, New Intuitive Machines entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement
(the Tax Receivable Agreement with Intuitive Machines OpCo and certain members of Intuitive Machines OpCo. See Part III.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Post-Business Combination Arrangements
-Tax Receivables Agreement for further information. 

Equity Facility 

On September 16, 2022, the Company entered
into a common stock purchase agreement (the Cantor Purchase Agreement ), dated September 16, 2022, with CF Principal Investments
LLC CFPI relating to an equity facility under which shares of newly issued New Intuitive Machines Class A Common Stock
may be sold to CFPI by New Intuitive Machines. Pursuant to the terms of the Cantor Purchase Agreement, New Intuitive Machines will have
the right, but not the obligation, from time to time at its sole discretion, until the first day of the month following the 18-month period
from and after the Commencement (as defined in the Cantor Purchase Agreement), to direct CFPI to purchase up to the lesser of (i) 50 million
of newly issued New Intuitive Machines Class A Common Stock and (ii) the Exchange Cap (as defined in the Cantor Purchase Agreement),
by delivering written notice to CFPI prior to the commencement of trading on any trading day, subject to certain customary conditions
and limitations set forth in the Cantor Purchase Agreement. In connection with the execution of the Cantor Purchase Agreement, the Company
agreed to issue 100,000 shares (the Commitment Shares of New Intuitive Machines Class A Common Stock to CFPI. The
Company entered into a registration rights agreement with CFPI, pursuant to which it agreed to register for resale, pursuant to Rule 415
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the shares of New Intuitive Machines Class A Common
Stock that are sold to CFPI under the equity facility and the Commitment Shares. 

Subscription Agreements 

On February 13, 2023, New Intuitive Machines and
Intuitive Machines OpCo entered into subscription agreements with certain legacy investors in Intuitive Machines OpCo (the SAFE
Investors that held simple agreements for future equity SAFEs of Intuitive Machines OpCo, pursuant to which, among
other things, the SAFE Investors contributed the SAFEs to Intuitive Machines and, in exchange for such contribution, New Intuitive Machines
issued an aggregate of 2,066,666 shares of Class A Common Stock to the SAFE Investors (the SAFE Exchange ). Immediately following
the consummation of the SAFE Exchange, New Intuitive Machines and Intuitive Machines OpCo exchanged all of the SAFEs received by Intuitive
Machines in the SAFE Exchange for 2,066,666 Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units in a recapitalization of the SAFEs in order to maintain
a one-to-one ratio of the Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units owned by Intuitive Machines and the number of outstanding shares of New
Intuitive Machines Class A Common Stock in accordance with the A R Operating Agreement. 

Results of Operations 

As of December 31, 2022, we had not commenced
any operations. All activity for the period from January 27, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 related to our formation and the
IPO and, subsequent to the closing of the IPO, identifying a target company for an initial business combination. We have neither
engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues or income during the period from inception through December 31, 2022 other than non-operating income in
the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the IPO. Since our IPO through December
31, 2022, we incurred increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing
compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net
loss of 190,408, which consisted primarily of interest income earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account amounting
to 4,833,790, offset by formation and operating costs amounting to 5,024,198. 

For the period from January 27, 2021 (inception)
to December 31, 2021, we had net loss of 315,511, which consisted primarily of formation and operating costs amounting to 491,341 and
over-allotment issuance costs amounting to 23,439 offset by interest income earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account
amounting to 5,798, and change in fair value of over-allotment liability of 193,471. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 14,932 in cash and working capital
deficit of 4,082,477. 

31 

On September 30, 2021, our Sponsor agreed to provide
us with loans in such amounts as may be required by us to fund our working capital requirements up to an aggregate of 250,000. On
March 8, 2022, our Sponsor agreed to provide us with loans in such amounts as may be required by us to fund our working capital requirements
up to an aggregate of 500,000. 

On August 4, 2022, our Sponsor agreed to loan
the Company up to 1,000,000 to be used for ongoing expenses reasonably related to the business of the Company and the consummation of
an initial business combination pursuant to a convertible promissory note (the Working Capital Note ). 

All unpaid principal under the Working Capital
Note was due and payable in full on the earlier of (i) September 24, 2023 and (ii) the effective date of an initial business combination,
involving the Company and one or more businesses (such earlier date, the Maturity Date ), unless accelerated upon the occurrence
of an event of default as set forth in the Working Capital Note. The Sponsor had the option, at any time on or prior to the Maturity Date,
to convert up to 1,000,000 outstanding under the Working Capital Note into warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a conversion
price of 1.00 per warrant, with each warrant entitling the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share,
subject to the same adjustments applicable to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, there was 625,000 outstanding
under the Working Capital Note. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company drew an additional 100,000 on the Working Capital Note.
The Working Capital Note was subsequently repaid at Closing. 

Until the consummation of the Business Combination,
the Company used the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating target businesses, performing due diligence on
prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar location of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses and structuring, negotiating
and completing the Business Combination. 

Upon the closing of the Business Combination,
we received approximately 34 million of gross proceeds to fund operations. We believe that the cash available from the consummation of
the Business Combination and related transactions will be sufficient to fund the short-term liquidity needs and the execution of the business
plan through at least the twelve month-period from the date of the Business Combination. 

Prior to the closing of the Business Combination,
holders of 27,481,818 shares of Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for cash at a price of approximately
 10.18 per share for aggregate payments of 279,884,314. We may need to raise additional capital to fund our operations and our business
plan. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining capital sufficient to meet our operating needs on terms or a timeframe
acceptable to us or at all. Further, in the event that market conditions preclude our ability to obtain sufficient capital, we may be
required to evaluate additional alternatives in restructuring our business and our capital structure. 

Financial Statements and MD A of Intuitive
Machines OpCo 

In light of the consummation of the Business Combination,
the historical financial statements of IPAX ceased to be representative of the consolidated financial position, results of operations,
stockholders equity and cash flows of New Intuitive Machines. As described in the Basis of Presentation section of
this Annual Report, in future reporting periods, our
financial statements will be prepared on a consolidated basis with the financial statements of Intuitive Machines OpCo beginning on the
Closing Date and will represent a continuation of the financial statements of Intuitive Machines OpCo. 

The consolidated financial position, results of operations,
stockholders equity and cash flows of Intuitive Machines OpCo as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 OpCo
Financial Statements ), and management s discussion and analysis of the OpCo Financial Statements, including known trends
and uncertainties regarding the future consolidated financial position, results of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows
of Intuitive Machines OpCo will be filed as exhibits to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed
with the SEC on or about March 30, 2023. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

We have evaluated the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
and Russian-Ukraine war on the industry and have concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus and the war could have
a negative effect on our financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not
readily determinable as of the date of the financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, we had no obligations,
assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. 

32 

Contractual Obligations 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any long-term
debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term liabilities. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

Commencing on September 21, 2021, we agreed to
pay Kingstown Capital Management L.P., an affiliate of our Sponsor, 15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial
and administrative support services. Upon the consummation of the Business Combination, we ceased paying such monthly fees. 

Registration Rights 

As of December 31, 2022, certain securityholders
of IPAX had registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them and our any other securities acquired
by them prior to the consummation of our initial business combination pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into in connection
with the IPO. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement and assuming 1,500,000 of Working Capital Loans were converted into additional
warrants, we would have been obligated to register up to 21,588,750 Class A ordinary shares and 8,345,000 warrants. The holders of
these securities were entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition,
the holders had certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion
of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

At the Closing, the Company, the Sponsor and certain
securityholders of the Company entered into an amended and restated registration rights agreement (the A R Registration Rights
Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, the Sponsor and such securityholders were granted certain customary registration
rights, on the terms and subject to the conditions therein, with respect to securities of the Company that they hold following the Business
Combination. See Part III. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence A R Registration
Rights Agreement. 

Underwriting Agreement 

We granted the underwriters a 45-day option from
the effective date of the IPO to purchase up to an additional 4,500,000 Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On October 29, 2021, the
underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased 2,975,000 Over-Allotment Units, generating aggregate gross proceeds
of 29,750,000, and forfeited their option to purchase the remaining 1,525,000 Units. 

The Company provided a discount to the underwriters
at the closing of the Public Offering of 2.0 per Unit, or 4,595,000, excluding the proceeds from the purchase of an aggregate of 10,000,000
Units by certain of our Anchor Investors, 4,000,000 of which was payable upon the closing of the IPO and 595,000 was payable upon closing
of the Over-Allotment. Additionally, the underwriting agreement states that the Company will pay Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Citi a
deferred discount of 0.35 per Unit sold in the Public Offering including pursuant to the Over-Allotment, or an aggregate of 11,541,250
upon the Company s completion of an initial business combination, which would be payable from the amounts held in the Trust Account
solely in the event that we complete an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

On
November 27, 2022, in connection with the proposed Business Combination, Citi agreed to waive its entitlement to the deferred underwriting
commission of 11,541,250 to which it became entitled upon completion of the Company s IPO, subject to the completion of an initial
business combination . As a result, the Company recorded
 11,541,250 to additional paid-in capital in relation to the reduction of the deferred underwriter fee in the accompanying condensed financial
statements. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the deferred underwriting fee payable was 0 and 11,541,250, respectively. 

Professional Service Agreement 

We reimbursed our Sponsor for services provided
by one of our Sponsor s employees who served as our Chief of Staff COS ). The COS received 12,500 per month for services
rendered, commencing September 25, 2021, through the closing of our initial business combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022,
we recorded 191,668 of compensation for services provided. As of December 31, 2022, there was 0 due to the COS. Upon the consummation
of the Transactions, the professional services agreement was terminated. 

33 

Critical Accounting Policies 

This management s discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
US GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing
basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We
base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under
the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are
not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We
have identified the following as its critical accounting policies: 

Offering Costs 

We comply with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1. Offering
costs consists of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related
to the Public Offering. Offering costs are allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Public Offering based on
a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Transaction costs amounted to 26,658,313, consisting of 4,595,000
of underwriting commissions, 11,541,250 of deferred underwriting commissions, 9,680,125 of excess fair value of founder shares, and
 841,938 of other offering costs, with 23,439 included in the statements of operations as an allocation for the over-allotment option,
 24,538,134 included in temporary equity as an allocation for the Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption, and 2,096,740 included
in additional paid-in capital as an allocation for the Class A ordinary shares not subject to redemption, the Public Warrants and the
Private Placement Warrants. 

Subject to each Anchor Investor purchasing 100 
of the Units allocated to it in the IPO, and in connection with the closing of the IPO, our Sponsor sold membership interests reflecting
an allocation of an aggregate of 1,625,000 Founder Shares to the Anchor Investors collectively. We, through an independent valuations
expert, estimated the aggregate fair value of these Founder Shares attributable to Anchor Investors to be approximately 9.68 million,
or 5.96 per share. The excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff
Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible
Redemption 

All of the Class A ordinary shares sold as part
of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with our liquidation,
if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with an initial business combination and in connection with certain amendments
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable
equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within our control require ordinary shares
subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. 

The Class A ordinary shares are subject to SEC
and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the
equity instrument will become redeemable, we have the option to either accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the
date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption
date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the
instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as
they occur. Immediately upon the closing of the IPO and the Over-Allotment, we recognized the remeasurement from initial book value to
redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares resulted in charges against additional paid-in
capital. 

Related Party Redemption Waiver Agreement 

In September 2021, we entered into a redemption
waiver agreement with one of our Anchor Investors, Kingstown 1740, whereby Kingstown 1740 agreed to waive its redemption rights on 1,386,989
Class A ordinary shares it held. These Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity in the financial statements
included in this Annual Report. 

Net Loss Per Ordinary Share 

We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements
of ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Our statements of operations include a presentation of loss per share for ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption in a manner similar to the two-class method of loss per share. The remeasurement associated with
the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from net loss per ordinary share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Net
loss per share, basic and diluted, for Class A redeemable ordinary shares is calculated by dividing interest income earned and realized
gains or losses on the Trust Account for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 27, 2021 (Inception) to December
31, 2021, by the weighted average number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding since original issuance. We have not considered the effect
of the Public Warrants or the Private Placement Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 23,332,500 of our Class A ordinary shares in
the calculation of diluted loss per share, since their exercise is contingent upon future events. Net loss per share, basic and diluted,
for Class A and Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares is calculated by dividing the net loss, adjusted for income or loss attributable
to Class A ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of Class A and Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares outstanding for the period.
Class A non-redeemable ordinary shares and Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares, which include the Founder Shares, do not have any redemption
features and do not participate in the income or losses of the Trust Account. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any dilutive
securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings
of our company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period presented. 

34 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

We evaluate our financial instruments to determine
if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives
and Hedging. Derivative instruments are initially recorded at fair value on the grant date and re-valued at each reporting date,
with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. Derivative assets and liabilities are classified in the balance
sheets as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within
12 months of the balance sheet date. 

We evaluated the warrants in accordance with ASC
815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity, and concluded that there were no indexation
or tender offer provisions in the warrant agreement that precluded the warrants from being accounted for as components of equity, and
the warrants meet the criteria in ASC 815-40-25 to be classified in shareholders deficit. Fair value of the Public and Private
Placement Warrants was determined by an independent valuation expert as of September 24, 2021 (the date of the IPO) and October 29, 2021
(the date of the Over-Allotment) using a Monte Carlo Model. Proceeds from the IPO and subsequent partial exercise of the over-allotment
option allocated to the Public Warrants was an aggregate 11,995,753 11,025,229, net of offering costs) and is recorded in additional
paid-in capital. Proceeds from the issuance of the Private Placement Warrants were 6,845,000 6,831,701, net of offering costs) and
is recorded in additional paid-in capital. 

Forward Purchase Agreement 

In September 2021, we entered into a forward purchase
agreement FPA pursuant to which certain affiliates of our Sponsor Kingstown agreed to purchase up to 5,000,000
forward purchase Class A ordinary shares Forward Purchase Shares ), for 10.00 per share, or an aggregate amount of up to
 50,000,000, in a private placement that will close concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination, subject to approval
by the Kingstown investment committee. We have the right, in our sole discretion, to reduce the amount of Forward Purchase Shares that
Kingstown may purchase pursuant to the FPA. We have not considered the effect of the Forward Purchase Shares in the calculation of diluted
income per share, since their issuance is contingent upon future events. 

We evaluated the FPA under ASC 480 and ASC 815-40
to determine the appropriate accounting treatment. The FPA does not meet the criteria to be classified as a liability under ASC 480. In
addition, there is no net cash settlement feature and settlement will be in gross physical delivery of Class A ordinary shares; therefore,
the FPA should be classified as equity. However, as the issuance of Forward Purchase Shares is contingent on several factors, including
the consummation of an initial business combination, approval by the Kingstown investment committee, and our discretion, we will record
the FPA when it becomes probable that the triggering events will occur. Until such time, due to the contingent nature of the FPA, we will
disclose the contingency in the notes to our financial statements. 

The FPA was terminated on November 30, 2022. 

Inflation 

We do not believe that inflation had a material
impact on our business, revenues or operating results during the period presented. 

Emerging Growth Company Status 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the JOBS
Act ), and may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

35 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act
exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies
(that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) are required to comply with the new or revised
financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply
with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected
not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application
dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is either not
an emerging growth company or an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible
because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

The financial statements required to be filed
pursuant to this Item 8 are appended to this Annual Report. An index of those financial statements is found in Item 15 of Part IV of this
Annual Report. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Limitations on effectiveness of controls and procedures 

In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the
fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls
and procedures relative to their costs. 

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, the effectiveness
of IPAX s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on such
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that IPAX s disclosure controls and procedures were
effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Management s annual report on internal control over financial
reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). IPAX s internal control over financial reporting
is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements
for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. IPAX s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies
and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts
and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements. 

36 

Our management conducted an assessment of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, our
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Attestation report of the registered public accounting firm 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to an exemption established by the JOBS Act for "emerging growth
companies." 

Changes in internal control over financial reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31,
2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

37 

PART
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth, as of March 30, 2023, the name, age and
position of each of our executive officers and directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Executive Officers: 

Stephen Altemus (3) 
 
 59 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Erik Sallee 
 
 42 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Timothy Crain 
 
 50 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 
 Directors: 

Dr. Kamal Ghaffarian (3) 
 
 64 
 
 Chairman 
 
 Michael Blitzer (1)(2) 
 
 45 
 
 Director 
 
 Lieutenant General William Liquori (1) 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 Robert Masson (1)(2) 
 
 54 
 
 Director 

(1) Member of the audit committee 

(2) Member of the compensation committee 

(3) Member of the nominating and corporate governance committee 

Stephen Altemus. Mr.
Altemus has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board since February 13, 2023 and has served as the Chief Executive
Officer of Intuitive Machines OpCo since 2012. Mr. Altemus is also our co-founder and president. Prior to founding Intuitive Machines,
in December 2012, Mr. Altemus was appointed to serve as the Deputy Director of NASA s Johnson Space Center JSC ),
a position he held until June 2013. Formerly Director of Engineering from July 2006 to December 2012, Mr. Altemus served as the leader
and steward of JSC s engineering capabilities in support of NASA s human spaceflight programs, projects, and technology activities.
Mr. Altemus is also a director of Intuitive Aviation, a subsidiary of Intuitive Machines. 

Mr. Altemus received a B.S. in Aeronautical
Engineering from Embry Riddle Aeronautical University where he now serves as a member on the Engineering Advisory Board, and an M.S. in
Engineering Management from the University of Central Florida. He joined NASA s Kennedy Space Center and the Space Shuttle Program
in 1989 where he held progressively more responsible positions working in Space Shuttle operations, launch, and landing activities. He
served as the Columbia Reconstruction Director after the loss of the Space Shuttle Columbia on February 1, 2003. In January 2005,
he joined JSC serving as the Deputy Director of Engineering and was subsequently selected as Director in July 2006. Mr. Altemus
is well qualified to serve on our Board due to his role as our Chief Executive Officer, his depth of knowledge of us and our operations,
his acute business judgment and extensive familiarity with the business in which we compete. 

Dr. Kamal Ghaffarian. 
Dr. Ghaffarian has served as the Chairman of our Board since February 13, 2023. Throughout his 35-plus year career, Dr. Ghaffarian
has created multiple successful companies and has extensive experience working at the intersection of government contracting and technological
innovation. 

Dr. Ghaffarian started his entrepreneurial
career in 1994 by founding Stinger Ghaffarian Technologies, Inc., a government services company focusing on IT, engineering, and science
applications. Dr. Ghaffarian has also held numerous technical and management positions at Lockheed Martin, Ford Aerospace and Loral.
Dr. Ghaffarian has obtained two Bachelor of Science degrees, including a B.S. in Computer Science in Engineering and a B.S. in Electronics
Engineering, an M.S. in Science in Information Management, a Ph.D. in Management Information System and a Ph.D. in Technology. 

Dr. Ghaffarian is the co-founder and chairman
of the Company and a number of companies including IBX, Axiom Space, X energy and Quantum Space. Dr. Ghaffarian is well qualified
to serve on our Board due to his role as our Chairman, his extensive experience in the field and deep understanding of company leadership. 

Erik Sallee. Mr.
Sallee has served as our Chief Financial Officer since February 13, 2023 and has served as Intuitive Machines OpCo s Chief Financial
Officer since April 2021. Mr. Sallee brings extensive experience as a finance executive in the aerospace sector. Prior to this, Mr. Sallee
was the Corporate Controller for Blue Origin, LLC where he oversaw treasury, tax, accounting, audit compliance, financial systems, and
pricing. From 2015-2018, Mr. Sallee was a division Chief Financial Officer for L3 Technologies, a software and aerospace Company. From
2011-2015 Mr. Sallee worked at Raytheon in positions of increasing responsibility including Chief Financial Officer of Raytheon Solipsys,
an international software company. Before moving to the industry, Mr. Sallee worked at Deloitte and was an officer in the U.S. Marine
Corps where he received several awards including a Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal with Combat Distinguishing Device in 2005. 

38 

Mr. Sallee received an MBA and M.S. in Business
and Finance from University of Maryland College Park, Smith School of Business and a B.S. in Political Science from Vanderbilt University.
Mr. Sallee is a licensed Certified Public Accountant (CPA). 

Dr. Timothy Crain . Dr. Crain
has served as our Chief Technology Officer since February 13, 2023 and has served as Intuitive Machines OpCo s Chief Technology
Officer since May 25, 2021. Dr. Crain previously served as Intuitive Machines OpCo s vice president of research and development
since co-founding the Company in 2013 with Mr. Altemus and Dr. Ghaffarian. 

Dr. Crain received his Ph.D. in aerospace
engineering from the University of Texas at Austin where he was a National Science Foundation Graduate Fellow and Assistant Instructor.
He began his professional career in 2000 at NASA s JSC where he was a lead engineer in the Engineering Directorate s Aeroscience
and Flight Mechanics Division. During his tenure at JSC he worked on the navigation design for Mars Science Lander and was the Orbit Guidance,
Navigation, and Control System Manager for the Orion spacecraft. In 2009, Dr. Crain became the Flight Dynamics lead for NASA s
Project Morpheus. Dr. Crain left the NASA civil service in June 2013 to co-found Intuitive Machines. 

Dr. Crain is a recipient of the NASA JSC
Center Director s Commendation Award, the Outstanding Young Texas Ex Award, UT Outstanding Young Engineering Graduate Award, Orion
Flight Dynamics Leadership Award, and a finalist for the NASA Rotary Mid-Career Stellar Award. Dr. Crain is a board member of Penumbra,
LLC. 

Michael Blitzer . Mr.
Blitzer has served as a member of our Board since February 13, 2023. Mr. Blitzer had served as the co-Chief Executive Officer of IPAX
since February 2021 and a director of IPAX since January 2021 until the closing of the Business Combination on February 13, 2023. Mr.
Blitzer is the founder and co-Chief Information Officer of Kingstown Capital Management, which he founded in 2006 and grew to a multi-billion
asset manager with some of the world s largest endowments and foundations as clients. At Kingstown, Mr. Blitzer oversaw and participated
in nearly all of the firm s investment decisions including countless public and private investments in the consumer and technology
industries. Mr. Blitzer brings an in-depth understanding of public markets and has invested in a variety of corporate transactions such
as spin-offs, rights offerings, public offerings, privatizations and mergers acquisitions. He was also a public company director
of Signature Group Holdings after its exit from bankruptcy in 2011, where he also sat on the audit committee, and was on the board of
directors of the European mutual fund TREND AD. 

Mr. Blitzer began his Wall Street career at J.P.
Morgan Securities in 1999 advising companies globally in private debt and equity capital raises followed by work at the investment fund,
Gotham Asset Management. Mr. Blitzer taught courses in Investing at Columbia Business School for five years in the 2010s. He holds an
MBA from Columbia Business School and a BS from Cornell University where he received the Cornell Tradition Fellowship. Mr. Blitzer currently
sits on the Executive Advisory Board of the Heilbrunn Center for Graham Dodd Investing at Columbia Business School and is a trustee
of Greens Farms Academy in Westport, CT where he is also Treasurer and Chair of the Investment Committee. Mr. Blitzer is well qualified
to serve on our Board due to his role as IPAX. s co-Chief Executive Officer and his experience with public companies. 

Lieutenant General William J. Liquori . Lieutenant
General Liquori has served as a member of our Board since February 13, 2023. Lieutenant General Liquori retired as a Lieutenant General
from the United States Space Force in 2022, after over thirty years of distinguished service in both the U.S. Air Force and Space Force.
Lieutenant General Liquori served as the Space Force s first Chief Strategy and Resourcing Officer. Lieutenant General Liquori also
led the development of the Space Force international engagement strategy; served as the lead policy interface to the Office of the Secretary
of Defense, National Security Council and the National Space Council. 

Lieutenant General Liquori entered the Air Force
as a distinguished graduate of the Air Force ROTC program at Boston University. His career included numerous positions in Air Force Space
Command, the National Reconnaissance Office, the Air Force Secretariat, U.S. European Command, the Office of the Secretary of Defense,
and the White House as Director for Space Policy on the National Security Council staff. During his time at the White House, Liquori served
two Presidents of the United States, was the lead author for the 2018 National Space Strategy, served as the primary NSC interface to
the National Space Council, co-led the 2018 U.S.-Japan Comprehensive Dialogue on Space, and supported the early policy work leading to
the establishment of the United States Space Force. He has commanded a space operations squadron and the 50th Space Wing. 

Lieutenant General Liquori graduated from Boston
University in 1991 with a Bachelor of Arts in Computer Science. In 1996, Lieutenant General Liquori earned a Master s Degrees from
Webster University in Computer Resources and Information Management. From 2004-2005, Lieutenant General Liquori proceeded to Air University
where he received Master s Degrees in Airpower Art Science and Air Space Power Strategy. Then, in 2009, Lieutenant General
Liquori attended the Marine Corps University where he received a Master s degree in Strategic Studies. Lieutenant General Liquori
is well qualified to serve on our Board due to his profound knowledge of the field and extensive leadership expertise. 

39 

Robert L. Masson. Mr. Masson has
served as a member of our Board since February 13, 2023. Mr. Masson was appointed Chief Financial Officer of Latham Group, Inc. in June
2022. As Chief Financial Officer of Latham Group, Inc., Mr. Masson is responsible for planning, implementing, managing, and controlling
all financial-related activities for the company. 

Mr. Masson is a skilled finance executive with
nearly 20 years of experience in the aerospace, defense, and industrial sectors. Before joining Latham Group, Inc., Mr. Masson served
as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Hypertherm, Inc., where he oversaw the company s global financial, information
technology, and legal operations. From 2016-2018, Mr. Masson was Vice President of Finance at Flowserve, where he led the company s
operational finance, operational accounting, and corporate financial planning and analysis teams. From 2003-2016, he served in various
finance leadership roles at Raytheon Technologies, including Chief Financial Officer roles for several of the company s business
units. 

Mr. Masson began his career as a Lieutenant and
Naval Aviator for the United States Navy, where he worked from 1992-2001. Mr. Masson holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from
the United States Naval Academy and a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School. Mr. Masson currently serves as a
director for Tech-Etch, Inc. where he is chair of the audit committee. Mr. Masson is well qualified to serve on our Board because of his
numerous years of experience in finance and the aerospace industry and his knowledge as a director. 

Corporate Governance 

Audit Committee 

We have a separately
designated standing audit committee that consists of Lieutenant General William Liquori, Michael Blitzer and Robert Masson, with Mr. Masson
serving as chair. All members of our audit committee meet the requirements for financial literacy under the applicable Nasdaq rules and
regulations. Our board has determined that each member of our audit committee qualifies as independent under Nasdaq s
additional standards applicable to audit committee members and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act applicable to audit committee members.
In addition, our Board has determined that Michael Blitzer qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term
is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. 

Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics 

We have a Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. The Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics is available on our website, https://www.intuitivemachines.com/investors, under the Corporate Governance 
section. 

We intend to make any
legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, provisions of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on our website
rather than by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation 

During 2022, our compensation
committee was comprised of former directors of IPAX, Paula Sutter and Nicholas Shekerdemian. No member of the compensation committee was
at any time during fiscal year 2022, or at any other time, one of our officers or employees. None of our executive officers has served
as a director or member of a compensation committee (or other committee serving an equivalent function) of any entity, one of whose executive
officers served as a director of our Board or member of our compensation committee. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Executive and Director Compensation of IPAX

Prior to the Consummation of the Transactions 

As of December 31, 2022, IPAX had three executive
officers, Michael Blitzer (Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director), Guy Shannon (Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director), and Brian
Pitz (Chief Financial Officer and Director). Upon the consummation of the Transactions , and in accordance
with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, each of the IPAX executive officers ceased serving in such capacities. 

We entered into an agreement with the Sponsor
whereby, commencing on September 21, 2021 through the earlier of the consummation of an initial business combination and our liquidation,
we agreed to pay Kingstown Capital Management L.P., an affiliate of the Sponsor, 15,000 per month for administrative and support services
provided to members of our management team. For the period from September 21, 2021 to December 31, 2022, we incurred 228,000 of administrative
services under this arrangement. Additionally, following our IPO, we also reimbursed the Sponsor for services provided by one of the Sponsor s
employees who served as our chief of staff at the rate of 12,500 per month. In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination,
these agreements were terminated. See Note 5 in the notes to the audited financial statements in this Annual Report for further information. 

40 

No other compensation of any kind, including finder s
and consulting fees, was paid by IPAX to its Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered
prior to or in connection with the completion of the Business Combination. However, these individuals were reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable initial business combinations. 

Executive and Director Compensation of Intuitive
Machines 

This section discusses the material components
of the executive compensation program for our executive officers who are named in the Summary Compensation Table below.
In 2022, our named executive officers and their positions were as follows: 

Stephen Altemus, President and Chief Executive Officer; 

Timothy Crain, Chief Technology Officer; and 

Erik Sallee, Chief Financial Officer. 

This discussion may contain forward-looking statements
that are based on our current plans, considerations, expectations and determinations regarding future compensation programs. 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth information concerning
the compensation of our named executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) (1) 
 Option Awards ) (2) 
 All Other Compensation ) (3) 
 Total ) 
 
 Stephen Altemus 
 2022 
 490,954 
 150,000 
 
 10,675 
 651,629 
 
 President CEO (4) 
 2021 
 379,663 
 100,000 
 
 8,700 
 488,363 
 
 Timothy Crain 
 2022 
 359,805 
 100,000 
 
 10,675 
 470,480 
 
 Chief Technology Officer (5) 
 2021 
 313,368 
 75,000 
 
 8,700 
 397,068 
 
 Erik Sallee 
 2022 
 366,923 
 100,000 
 
 1,212 
 468,135 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (6) 
 2021 
 234,808 
 60,000 
 90,193 
 3,046 
 388,047 

(1) Amounts reflect annual discretionary bonuses paid to the
named executive officers for services performed during the applicable year. The bonuses earned with respect to 2022 are further described
below in 2022 Bonuses . 

(2) Amounts reflect the full
 grant-date fair value of stock options granted during the applicable year computed in accordance
 with ASC Topic 718, rather than the amounts paid to or realized by the named individual.
 We provide information regarding the assumptions used to calculate the value of all option
 awards made to executive officers in the notes to the consolidated financial statements of
 Intuitive Machines OpCo included in Amendment No. 2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on or about March 30, 2023. 

(3) Amounts reflect the Company s 401(k) plan matching
contributions. 

(4) Effective on September 3, 2022, Mr. Altemus base salary
rate was increased from 380,359 to 699,377. 

(5) Effective on September 3, 2022, Mr. Crain s base salary
rate was increased from 313,943 to 429,640. 

(6) Mr. Sallee commenced employment as our Chief Financial Officer
effective, April 12, 2021; therefore, certain amounts for Mr. Sallee for 2021, such as base salary, reflect a partial year of service.
Effective on September 3, 2022, Mr. Sallee s base salary rate was increased from 330,000 to 450,000. 

Narrative to Summary Compensation Table 

2022 Salaries 

The named executive officers receive a base salary
to compensate them for services rendered to our company. The base salary payable to each named executive officer is intended to provide
a fixed component of compensation reflecting the executive s skill set, experience, role and responsibilities. The 2022 annual base
salaries for our named executive officers were increased from 380,359 for Mr. Altemus, 313,943 for Mr. Crain, and 330,000 for Mr. Sallee,
to 699,377, 429,640, and 450,000, respectively, effective September 3, 2022. The actual base salaries earned by our named executive
officers for services in 2022 are set forth above in the Summary Compensation Table in the column entitled Salary . 

41 

2022 Bonuses 

Our named executive officers were eligible to
earn discretionary cash bonuses for calendar year 2022, as determined by the Board of Managers of Intuitive Machines OpCo. For 2022, Messrs.
Altemus and Crain were eligible to receive a discretionary annual bonus as determined by the Board of Managers, and Mr. Sallee was
eligible to receive an annual bonus of up to 30 of his base salary. Based on a review of our performance for 2022 and each named executive
officer s individual performance and contributions to our success, the Board of Managers approved the bonus amounts set forth in
the Summary Compensation Table in the column entitled Bonus. 

Equity Compensation 

Historical Equity Grants 

Prior to the Transactions, we offered awards of
options to purchase non-voting class B membership interests of Intuitive Machines OpCo to eligible service providers, including certain
of our named executive officers, pursuant to the Intuitive Machines, LLC 2021 Unit Option Plan (the 2021 Plan ). In connection
with the consummation of the Transactions, the options were recapitalized into options to purchase Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units.
Following the consummation of the Transactions, awards will not be granted under the 2021 Plan. For additional information about the 2021
Plan, please see the section titled 2021 Unit Option Plan below. 

In 2022 we did not award any stock options pursuant
to the 2021 Plan to any of our named executive officers. Messrs. Altemus and Crain do not hold stock options or any other compensatory
equity awards. 

Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan 

In connection with the consummation of the Transactions,
we adopted the Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan in order to facilitate the grant of cash and equity incentives to directors, employees
(including our named executive officers) and consultants of our company and certain of its affiliates and to enable our company and certain
of its affiliates to obtain and retain services of these individuals, which is essential to our long-term success. We expect to grant
equity-based compensation to our employees, including our named executive officers, and our directors pursuant to the Intuitive Machines
Incentive Plan. 

Other Elements of Compensation 

Retirement Plans 

We currently maintain a 401(k) retirement
savings plan for our employees, including our named executive officers, who satisfy certain eligibility requirements. Our named executive
officers are eligible to participate in the 401(k) plan on the same terms as other full-time employees. The Internal Revenue Code
allows eligible employees to defer a portion of their compensation, within prescribed limits, on a pre-tax basis through contributions
to the 401(k) plan. Currently, we match contributions made by participants in the 401(k) plan up to a specified percentage of
the employee contributions, and these matching contributions are fully vested as of the date on which the contribution is made. We believe
that providing a vehicle for tax-deferred retirement savings though our 401(k) plan, and making matching contributions, adds to the
overall desirability of our executive compensation package and further incentivizes our employees, including our named executive officers,
in accordance with our compensation policies. 

Employee Benefits and Perquisites 

All of our full-time employees, including our
named executive officers, are eligible to participate in our health and welfare plans, including: 

medical, dental and vision benefits; 

health savings and flexible spending accounts; 

short-term and long-term disability insurance; 

basic life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance; 

accident and critical illness insurance; and 

term life insurance. 

42 

We believe the perquisites described above are
necessary and appropriate to provide a competitive compensation package to our named executive officers. 

No Tax Gross-Ups 

We do not make gross-up payments to cover our
named executive officers personal income taxes that may pertain to any of the compensation or perquisites paid or provided by our
company. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table summarizes the number of Units
underlying outstanding equity incentive plan awards for each named executive officer as of December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 
 
 Name 
 Grant Date 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Stephen Altemus 

Timothy Crain 

Erik Sallee 
 June 14, 2021 (1) 
 100,000 
 200,000 
 1.00 
 June 14, 2031 

(1) This stock option vests and becomes exercisable in equal
annual installments over three years from the applicable grant date, subject to Mr. Sallee s continued service. In addition, if
Mr. Sallee s continuous service is terminated by us without cause, Mr. Sallee will vest in the portion of the option
that would have otherwise vested on the next anniversary of June 14, 2021. 

Executive Compensation Arrangements 

On March 20, 2021, we entered into an offer
letter with Erik Sallee to serve as our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Sallee s employment under the offer letter is at-will
and will continue until terminated at any time by either party. Pursuant to his offer letter, Mr. Sallee is entitled to receive an
annual base salary of 330,000 per year; as described above, Mr. Sallee s annual base salary was increased effective September 3,
2022 to 450,000. In addition, Mr. Sallee is eligible to participate in the 2021 Plan and in the health and welfare benefit plan
and programs maintained by us for the benefit of our employees. 

Mr. Sallee is eligible to earn annual cash
bonuses under our bonus program, based on the achievement of individual and/or our performance goals. Under the offer letter, Mr. Sallee s
target bonus opportunity is 30 of his annual base salary. 

In connection with entering into his offer letter,
Mr. Sallee entered into our standard form of confidentiality agreement, which provides for a non-disclosure covenant that lasts during
employment and for five years thereafter, an employee and client/customer non-solicitation covenant that lasts during employment
and for two years thereafter. 

Messrs. Altemus or Crain are not, and were not
in 2021 or 2022, parties to employment agreements. 

Director Compensation 

In 2022, we paid a 400,000 service fee to one
of our executives and founders who is a member of our Board of Managers, Dr. Kamal Ghaffarian, to compensate him for his services as Executive
Chairman. He did not receive any additional compensation for services provided as a director. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Dr. Kamal Ghaffarian 
 400,000 
 400,000 

43 

In connection with the consummation of the Transactions,
we approved and implemented a compensation program (the Director Compensation Program for our non-employee directors (each,
an Eligible Director that consists of annual cash retainer fees and long-term equity awards. The material terms of the
Director Compensation Program are described below. 

The Director Compensation Program consists of
the following components: 

Cash Compensation: 

Annual Retainer: 55,000 

Annual Committee Chair Retainer: 

Audit: 20,000 

Compensation: 15,000 

Nominating and Corporate Governance: 10,000 

Annual Committee Member (Non-Chair) Retainer: 

Audit: 10,000 

Compensation: 7,500 

Nominating and Corporate Governance: 5,000 

The annual cash retainer will be paid in quarterly
installments in arrears. Annual cash retainers will be pro-rated for any partial calendar quarter of service. 

Equity Compensation: 

Initial Grant: Each Eligible Director who is initially elected
or appointed to serve on our Board after our annual meeting of stockholders in calendar year 2024 automatically will be granted a restricted
stock unit award covering shares of our Class A Common Stock (each, an RSU Award with an aggregate value of 155,000,
pro-rated for the number of days that have elapsed since the last occurring annual meeting. 

Each Initial Grant will be granted on
the date on which such Eligible Director is appointed or elected to serve on the Board, will vest in full on the earlier to occur of the
first anniversary of the grant date and the date of the next annual meeting following the grant date, subject to continued service. 

Annual Grant: An Eligible Director who is serving on our
Board as of the date of an annual meeting of stockholders (beginning with calendar year 2024) will be granted, on the date of such annual
meeting, an RSU Award with an aggregate value of 155,000. 

Each Annual Grant will vest in full on
the earlier to occur of the first anniversary of the grant date and the date of the next annual meeting following the grant date, subject
to continued service. 

In addition, each equity award granted to an Eligible
Director under the Director Compensation Program will vest in full immediately prior to the occurrence of a change in control 
(as defined in the Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan). Compensation under the Director Compensation Program will be subject to the annual
limits on non-employee director compensation set forth in the Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan. 

Equity Incentive Plans 

2021 Unit Option Plan 

Intuitive Machines OpCo currently maintains the
Intuitive Machines, LLC 2021 Unit Option Plan, referred to in this prospectus as the 2021 Plan. We historically offered awards of options
to eligible service providers, including our named executive officers, pursuant to the 2021 Plan. In connection with the consummation
of the Transactions and the adoption of the Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan, we amended and restated the 2021 Plan to reflect the Transactions
and to provide that, following the consummation of the Transactions, awards may not be granted under the 2021 Plan. The material terms
of the 2021 Plan are summarized below. 

Eligibility and Administration 

Our employees, directors, consultants and other
service providers are eligible to receive grants of options under the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan is administered by our Board of Managers.
Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, the plan administrator has the authority and discretion to take any actions it deems necessary
or advisable for the administration of the 2021 Plan. 

44 

Limitation on Awards and Units Available 

Prior to the Transactions, an aggregate 6,125,000 Units were
authorized for issuance under the 2021 Plan; following the Transactions this amount was adjusted to Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units.
If an award (i) expires or terminates without having been exercised in full or (ii) is settled in cash, such expiration, termination
or settlement shall not reduce the number of units that may be issued pursuant to the 2021 Plan. In the event that any units issued
pursuant to an award are forfeited because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest, such units shall revert
and again become available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. 

Awards 

The 2021 Plan provides for the grant of awards
of options. The terms and conditions of outstanding options under the 2021 Plan are set forth in award agreements, including any applicable
vesting and payment terms and post-termination exercise limitations. Awards of options provide for the purchase of units, in the future
at an exercise price set on the grant date; following the Transactions, outstanding options were adjusted to cover Intuitive Machines
OpCo Common Units. The exercise price of an option may not be less than 100 of the fair market value of the underlying units on the grant
date (as adjusted to reflect the Transactions). The term of an option may not be longer than ten years. 

Certain Transactions 

In the event of certain changes in our capitalization
such as a recapitalization, equity split or reorganization, the plan administrator will make appropriate and proportionate adjustments
to the classes and maximum number of securities subject to the 2021 Plan and to the classes, number of securities and exercise price subject
to outstanding awards. In the event of a corporate transaction, which includes us being a party to a merger or consolidation, or the sale
of substantially all of our assets, the plan administrator has discretion to (i) provide that outstanding awards be continued or
assumed or substituted by the acquiring or surviving entity, (ii) provide for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights
to the acquiring or surviving entity, (iii) provide that all outstanding awards become fully vested and exercisable at a date prior
to the corporate transaction, with such awards terminating if not exercised at or prior to the effective time of the corporate transaction,
(iv) arrange for the lapse of any reacquisition or repurchase rights with respect to the award, (v) provide for the cancellation
of outstanding awards to the extent not vested or exercised in exchange for such cash consideration, if any, as the Board of Managers,
in its sole discretion may consider appropriate, or (vi) provide for payment in such form as may be determined by the Board of Managers
equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the consideration the holder of the award would have received upon exercise of the award, over
(B) any exercise price payable in connection with such exercise. 

Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan 

On February 13, 2023, in connection with the consummation
of the Transactions, we adopted the Intuitive Machines, Inc. 2023 Long Term Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Intuitive Machines Incentive
Plan under which Intuitive Machines and its affiliates may grant cash and equity incentive awards to its eligible service providers
in order to attract and retain key personnel. 

Certain current employees, directors, advisors
or consultants, or prospective employees, directors, or consultants who have accepted offers of employment or consultancy, of Intuitive
Machines or its affiliates, including Intuitive Machines OpCo, are eligible to participate in the Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan. The
Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan is administered by a compensation committee of at least two people appointed by the Intuitive Machines
(or, if no such committee has been appointed, the Board), which may delegate its duties and responsibilities to one or more officers of
Intuitive Machines or any affiliate (referred to collectively as the plan administrator ), subject to the limitations imposed
under the Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan and applicable laws. The plan administrator has the authority to take all actions and make
all determinations under the Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan, to interpret the Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan and award agreements,
and to establish, amend, suspend, or waive any rules and regulation for proper administration of the Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan
as it deems necessary or advisable. The plan administrator also has the authority to determine which eligible participants receive awards,
grant awards, and set the terms and conditions of all awards under the Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan, including any vesting provisions,
subject to the conditions and limitations in the Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan. 

We have reserved a total of 12,706,811 shares
of our Class A Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan and the maximum number of shares that may be
issued pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options granted under the Intuitive Machines Incentive Plan is 12,706,811, in each
case, subject to certain adjustments set forth therein. The foregoing share limits under the Intuitive Machines Plan are, in each case,
subject to certain adjustments set forth therein. 

45 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth beneficial ownership
of our common stock as of March 23, 2023 by: 

each
 person who is known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of shares of our common stock; 

each
 of our current named executive officers and directors; and 

all current executive officers and directors as a group. 

The information below is based on an aggregate of
14,748,598 shares of Class A Common Stock, 10,566 shares of Class B Common Stock and 68,140,188 shares of Class C Common Stock issued
and outstanding as of March 23, 2023. Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that
a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she, or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security,
including warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. Voting power represents the combined voting power of
shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock owned beneficially by such person. On all matters to be
voted upon, holders of shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock will vote together as a single class
on all matters submitted to the stockholders for their vote or approval. Holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are
entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to the stockholders for their vote or approval and holders of Class C Common Stock
are entitled to three votes per share on all matters submitted to the stockholders for their vote or approval. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the voting securities beneficially owned by them. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Number of 
Shares of 
Class A 
Common 
Stock 

of 
Ownership 

Number of 
Shares of 
Class B 
Common 
Stock 

of 
Ownership 

Number of 
Shares of 
Class C 
Common 
Stock 

of 
Ownership 

Number of 
Shares of 
Class A, 
Class B and 
Class C 
Common 
Stock 

of 
Total 
Voting 
Power 

5 Holders 

Guy Shanon (2)(3) 

19,876,250 

78.8 

19,876,250 

9.1 

Inflection Point Holdings LLC (3) 

15,088,750 

69.9 

15,088,750 

6.9 

Kingstown Capital Management, LP (2)(3) 

19,876,250 

78.8 

19,876,250 

9.1 

Kingstown Management GP, LLC (2)(3) 

19,876,250 

78.8 

19,876,250 

9.1 

Directors and Executive Officers of Intuitive Machines 

Stephen Altemus (4)(8) 

15,994,866 

23.5 

15,994,866 

21.9 

Kamal Ghaffarian (5)(8) 

520,834 

3.4 

42,015,518 

61.7 

42,536,352 

57.7 

Timothy Crain (6)(8) 

10,129,804 

14.9 

10,129,804 

13.9 

Erik Sallee (7)(8) 

Michael Blitzer (2)(3) 

19,876,250 

78.8 

19,876,250 

9.1 

Lieutenant General William Liquori 

Robert Masson 

All directors and executive officers as a group (7 individuals) 

20,397,084 

82.2 

68,140,188 

100.0 

88,537,272 

100.0 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of those
listed in the table above is c/o Intuitive Machines, LLC, 3700 Bay Area Blvd, Houston, TX 77058. 

46 

(2) Inflection Point Holdings LLC is the record holder of such
shares. Kingstown Capital Management, L.P. KCM is the manager of Inflection Point Holdings LLC and shares voting and
investment discretion with respect to the Inflection Point Ordinary Shares held of record by Inflection Point Holdings LLC. Kingstown
Management GP LLC KMGP is the general partner of KCM and shares voting and investment discretion with respect to the
Inflection Point Ordinary Shares held of record by Inflection Point Holdings LLC. Michael Blitzer and Guy Shanon are the Managing Members
of KMGP and share voting and investment discretion with respect to the Inflection Point Ordinary Shares held of record by Inflection
Point Holdings LLC. Each of KMGP, KCM, Michael Blitzer and Guy Shanon disclaims any beneficial ownership of the securities held by Inflection
Point Holdings LLC other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest it or he, as applicable, may have therein, directly or indirectly.
The principal business office of Kingstown Capital Management and Kingstown Management GP, LLC is c/o Inflection Point Acquisition Corp.,
34 East 51st Street, 5th Floor, New York, New York 10022. 

(3) Inflection Point Holdings LLC and Kingstown 1740 are the record holders
of such shares. KCM is the manager of Inflection Point Holdings LLC and the investment manager of Kingstown 1740. KMGP is the general
partner of KCM. Kingstown Capital Partners LLC KCP is the general partner of Kingstown 1740. Mr. Blitzer and Mr. Shanon
are the managing members of KMGP and KCP. KCM, KMGP, KCP, Mr. Blitzer and Mr. Shanon share voting investment discretion with respect to
the securities held by Inflection Point Holdings LLC and Kingstown 1740. Each of KCM, KMGP, KCP, Mr. Blitzer and Mr. Shanon disclaims
beneficial ownership over any securities directly held by Inflection Point Holdings LLC and Kingstown 1740 other than to the extent of
its/his respective pecuniary interest therein, directly or indirectly. Such amounts consist of (A) the following securities owned by the
Inflection Point Holdings LLC (i) 8,243,750 shares of Class A Common Stock received in exchange for the Inflection Point Class A Ordinary
Shares issued upon conversion of the Founder Shares, (ii) 6,845,000 shares of Class A Common Stock underlying 6,845,000 Warrants and which
will be exercisable within 60 days of the Closing Date and (B) the following securities owned by Kingstown 1740 (i) 1,150,000 shares of
Class A Common Stock, (ii) 1,450,000 shares of Class A Common Stock underlying Warrants and which will be exercisable within 60 days of
the Closing Date, (iii) 1,750,000 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of 21,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock
at the initial conversion price that Kingstown 1740 has committed to purchase and which will be convertible within 60 days of the Closing
Date (without giving effect to the 9.9 beneficial ownership blocker described in the form of Certificate of Designation (the Certificate
of Designation )) and (iv) 437,500 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Preferred Investor Warrants that Kingstown
1740 committed to purchase and which will be convertible within 60 days of the Closing Date (without giving effect to the 9.9 beneficial
ownership blocker described in the form of Preferred Investor Warrant). The principal business office of Inflection Point Holdings LLC
is c/o Inflection Point Acquisition Corp., 34 East 51st Street, 5th Floor, New York, New York 10022. 

(4) Reflects 15,994,866 Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units
and a corresponding number of shares of C Common Stock held of record by a revocable trust of which Mr. Altemus is a trustee and exercises
investment discretion. 

(5) Consists of (i) 1,954,313 Intuitive Machines OpCo Common
Units and a corresponding number of shares of Class C Common Stock held of record by GM Enterprises, LLC, (ii) 1,344,496 Intuitive Machines
OpCo Common Units and a corresponding number of shares of Class C Common Stock held of record by Intuitive Machines KG Parent, LLC and
(iii) 38,716,709 Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units and a corresponding number of shares of Class C Common Stock held of record by
Ghaffarian Enterprises, LLC. Dr. Kamal Ghaffarian may also be deemed to beneficially own (i) 416,667 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of 5,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock at the initial conversion price that Ghaffarian Enterprises, LLC committed
to purchase and which will be convertible within 60 days of the Closing Date (without giving effect to the 9.9 beneficial ownership
blocker described in the form of Certificate of Designation) and (ii) 104,167 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
Preferred Investor Warrants that Ghaffarian Enterprises, LLC has committed to purchase and which will be convertible within 60 days of
the Closing Date (without giving effect to the 9.9 beneficial ownership blocker described in the form of Preferred Investor Warrant).
Dr. Kamal Ghaffarian is the sole trustee of a revocable trust, which is the sole member of each of Ghaffarian Enterprises, LLC, GM Enterprises,
LLC and Intuitive Machines KG Parent, LLC. As a result, Dr. Kamal Ghaffarian may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the securities
reported herein, but disclaims beneficial ownership. The principal business office of Dr. Kamal Ghaffarian is 5937 Sunnyslope Drive,
Naples, FL 34119. The principal business office of each of Ghaffarian Enterprises, LLC, GM Enterprises, LLC and Intuitive Machines KG
Parent, LLC is 801 Thompson Avenue, Rockville, MD 20852. 

(6) Reflects 10,129,804 Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units
and a corresponding number of shares of Class C Common Stock. 

(7) Mr. Sallee may be deemed to beneficially own 55,624 Intuitive
Machines OpCo Common Units and a corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options that
vest within 60 days of the Closing Date. 

(8) Each Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Unit, when paired with
one share of Class B Common Stock or one share of Class C Common Stock, will be exchangeable, in tandem with the cancellation of the
paired share of Class B Common Stock or share of Class C Common Stock, for one share of Class A Common Stock. After the expiration of
the Lock-Up Period (as defined the A R Registration Rights Agreement), holders of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units will be permitted
to exchange such Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units (along with the cancellation of the paired share of Class B Common Stock or share
of Class C Common Stock) for shares of Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis pursuant to the A R Operating Agreement (subject
to customary conversion rate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications) or at the election of Intuitive Machines,
Inc. (determined by a majority of the directors of Intuitive Machines, Inc. who are disinterested with respect to such determination),
cash from a substantially concurrent public offering or private sale in an amount equal to the net amount, on a per share basis, of cash
received as a result of such public offering or private sale. 

47 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence. 

Intuitive Machines OpCo Pre-Business Combination Arrangements 

Our Relationship with Axiom Space 

Dr. Kamal Ghaffarian, our co-founder and chairman,
is a co-founder and current member of management of Axiom Space, Inc. Axiom Space ). Axiom Space uses our services in the
ordinary course of its space infrastructure development activities. As such, revenues related to Axiom Space are incurred in the normal
course of business and amounts are settled under normal business terms. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we
generated 1,558,000 and 851,000 in revenue from transactions with Axiom Space, respectively, primarily related to the provision of engineering
services. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were approximately 836,000 and 380,000 of affiliate accounts receivable
related to transactions with Axiom Space, respectively. 

Our Relationship with IBX, LLC 

Dr. Kamal Ghaffarian, the co-founder and executive
chairman, is a co-founder and current member of management of IBX, LLC IBX ). IBX is an innovation and investment firm committed
to advancing the state of humanity and human knowledge. We rely on IBX for the provision of management and professional services in the day-to-day
operation of our business. These expenses include, among others, fees for the provision of administrative, accounting and legal services.
As such, expenses incurred in relation to IBX are incurred in the normal course of business and amounts are settled under normal business
terms. For year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 2,125,000 and 366,000 in expenses with IBX, respectively, related to these
management fees. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 367,000 and 218,000, respectively, of affiliate accounts payable
related to IBX expenses. 

Our Relationship with KBR, Inc. 

On November 12, 2020, KBR, Inc. KBR ),
a U.S.-based firm operating in the science, technology and engineering industries, made an initial investment in one of our operating
subsidiaries, Space Network Solutions, LLC Space Network Solutions ), resulting in a 10 ownership by KBR of Space Network
Solutions as of the date of such investment. As of December 31, 2022, KBR held approximately 10 of the equity of Space Network Solutions. In
the ordinary course of business, we regularly provide engineering services to KBR. For the years ended December 31,
2022, 2021 and 2020, we generated 1,860,000, 1,342,000 and 114,000, respectively, of revenue from KBR related to the provision of such
engineering services to KBR. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was 293,000 and 333,000, respectively, of
affiliate accounts receivable related to revenue generated from transactions with KBR. 

Our Relationship with Penumbra, LLC 

On November, 2019, certain members of our management
team formed Penumbra, LLC as an Isle of Man entity. The sole purpose of forming Penumbra, LLC was to permit us to obtain required licenses
for its Lunar Data Network line of business to operate in the ordinary course. As of December 31, 2022, we owed approximately 54,000
to Penumbra, LLC related to the procurement of licenses. As of December 31, 2022, no member of our management team has received any financial
benefit from its ownership interest in Penumbra, LLC, other than expense reimbursements incurred in the ordinary course. 

Employment Arrangement with an Immediate
Family Member of a member of our Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Joe Altemus, the son of Stephen Altemus, member
of our Board and Chief Executive Officer, is a Mechanical Systems Engineer at Intuitive Machines. Mr. Altemus compensation is based
on reference to external market practice of similar positions or internal pay equity when compared to the compensation paid to employees
in similar positions who were not related to a member of our Board and Chief Executive Officer. 

48 

Post-Business Combination Arrangements 

In connection with the Business Combination Agreement,
certain agreements were entered into. These agreements include: 

Tax Receivable Agreement 

In connection with the consummation of the Transactions,
we entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement with Intuitive Machines OpCo and certain members of Intuitive Machines OpCo that will provide
for payment to such members of Intuitive Machines OpCo of 85 of the amount of the tax savings, if any, that we realize (or, under certain
circumstances, are deemed to realize) as a result of: 

existing tax basis in certain assets of Intuitive Machines
OpCo and certain of its direct or indirect subsidiaries that are treated as a partnership or disregarded entity for U.S. federal, and
applicable state and local, income tax purposes (but excluding any such subsidiary to the extent it is directly or indirectly held by
or through any entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal, and applicable state and local, income tax purposes); 

tax basis adjustments resulting from future redemptions or
exchanges of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units from the Intuitive Machines Members or certain distributions (or deemed distributions)
by Intuitive Machines OpCo (including any such adjustments resulting from certain payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreement); 

certain tax benefits we realized as a result of certain U.S.
federal income tax allocations of taxable income or gain away from us and to other members of Intuitive Machines OpCo and deductions
or losses to us and away from other members of Intuitive Machines OpCo, in each case, as a result of the consummation of the Transactions;
and 

tax deductions in respect of portions of certain payments
made by us under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

A R Operating Agreement 

We operate our business through Intuitive Machines
OpCo and its subsidiaries. In connection with the consummation of the Transactions, we amended and restated our limited liability company
agreement by adopting the A R Operating Agreement. The A R Operating Agreement (i) permits the issuance and ownership of the equity
of Intuitive Machines OpCo as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement following the consummation of the Transactions and (ii)
admits us as the managing member of Intuitive Machines OpCo. The operations of Intuitive Machines OpCo, and the rights and obligations
of the holders of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units, are set forth in the A R Operating Agreement. 

Appointment as Managing Member. Under
the A R Operating Agreement, we are a member and the managing member of Intuitive Machines OpCo. As the managing member, we are able
to control all of the day-to-day business affairs and decision-making of Intuitive Machines OpCo without the approval of any other
member, unless otherwise stated in the A R Operating Agreement. As such, we, through our officers and directors, are responsible for
all operational and administrative decisions of Intuitive Machines OpCo and the day-to-day management of Intuitive Machines OpCo s
business, unless otherwise stated in the A R Operating Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the A R Operating Agreement, we cannot
be removed as the managing member of Intuitive Machines OpCo by other members. 

Compensation. We
are not entitled to compensation for our services as managing member. We are entitled to reimbursement by Intuitive Machines OpCo for
fees and expenses incurred on behalf of Intuitive Machines OpCo, including all expenses associated with the Transactions and maintaining
its corporate existence. 

Capitalization. The
A R Operating Agreement provides for (i) a single class of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units; (ii) a single class of Series A
Preferred Units; and (iii) a single class of Unvested Earn Out Units. All Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units have identical rights
and privileges in all respects, all Series A Preferred Units shall have identical rights and privileges in all respects and
all Unvested Earn Out Units have identical rights and privileges in all respects. Each Common Unit entitles the holder to a
pro rata share of the net profits and net losses and distributions of Intuitive Machines OpCo. 

Distributions. The
A R Operating Agreement requires Tax Distributions, as that term is defined in the A R Operating Agreement, to be
made by Intuitive Machines OpCo to us and to its Members, as that term is defined in the A R Operating Agreement. Tax
Distributions shall be made quarterly to us and each Member based on their allocable share of the taxable income of Intuitive Machines
OpCo and at a tax rate that will be determined by us. The tax rate used to determine tax distributions will apply regardless of the actual
final tax liability of any such member. Tax distributions will also be made only to the extent all distributions from Intuitive Machines
OpCo for the relevant period were otherwise insufficient to enable each member to cover its tax liabilities as calculated in the manner
described above. The A R Operating Agreement also allows for distributions to be made by Intuitive Machines OpCo to its members on
a pro rata basis out of distributable cash, which is the amount of cash that may be distributed by Intuitive Machines OpCo
to its Members in accordance with existing credit agreements. 

49 

LLC Unit Redemption Right. The
A R Operating Agreement provides a redemption right to the Members (other than us and our subsidiaries) and option holders (in connection
with the exercise of an Intuitive Machines OpCo Option, as such term is defined in the A R Operating Agreement), which entitles them
to have their Intuitive Machines Opco Common Units redeemed, in whole or in part, at the election of each such person, for newly-issued
shares of Class A Common Stock on a one-to-one basis or, to the extent there is cash available from a contemporaneous public offering
or private sale of Class A Common Stock by us, cash (in each case, subject to the terms and restrictions set forth in the A R
Operating Agreement). Alternatively, we may instead authorize a cash payment equal to a volume weighted average market prices of one share
of Class A Common Stock for each unit redeemed (subject to customary adjustments, including for stock splits, stock dividends
and similar events affecting the Class A Common Stock). If we decide to make a cash payment, the Member has the option to rescind
its redemption request within a specified time period. Upon the exercise of the redemption right, the redeeming member will surrender
its units for cancellation. The A R Operating Agreement requires that we contribute cash or shares of Class A Common Stock
to Intuitive Machines OpCo in exchange for an amount of units that will be issued to us equal to the number of units redeemed from
the Member. Intuitive Machines OpCo will then distribute the cash or shares of Class A Common Stock to such Member to complete the
redemption. In the event of such election by a Member, we may, at our option, effect a direct exchange of cash or Class A Common
Stock for such units in lieu of such a redemption. Whether by redemption or exchange, we are obligated to ensure that at all times
the number of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units that we own equals the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued
by us (subject to certain exceptions for treasury shares and shares underlying certain convertible or exchangeable securities). Shares
of Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock, as the case may be, will be cancelled on a one-to-one basis if we, at the election
of a Member, redeem or exchange units of such Member pursuant to the terms of the A R Operating Agreement. 

Issuance of Equity-based Compensation. We
may implement equity compensation plans and any actions taken under such equity compensation plans (such as the grant or exercise of options
to acquire shares of Class A Common Stock), whether taken with respect to or by an employee or other service provider of Intuitive
Machines, Intuitive Machines OpCo or its subsidiaries, in a manner determined by us, in accordance with the initial implementation guidelines
attached to the A R Operating Agreement, which may be amended from time to time. The Corporation may amend the A R Operating Agreement
(including the initial implementation guidelines attached thereto) as necessary or advisable in its sole discretion in connection with
the adoption, implementation, modification or termination of an equity compensation plan. In the event of such an amendment, Intuitive
Machines OpCo will provide notice of such amendment to the Members. Intuitive Machines OpCo is expressly authorized to issue units (i) in
accordance with the terms of any equity compensation plans or (ii) in an amount equal to the number of shares of Class A Common
Stock issued pursuant to any such equity compensation plans, without any further act, approval or vote of any Member or any other Persons. 

Maintenance of One-to-One Ratios. Our
Certificate of Incorporation and the A R Operating Agreement requires that we and Intuitive Machines OpCo, respectively, at all times
maintain (i) a one-to-one ratio between the number of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units owned by us, directly or indirectly,
and the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, (ii) a one-to-one ratio between the number of Intuitive Machines
OpCo Common Units owned by each Member (other than us and our subsidiaries), directly or indirectly, and the aggregate number
of outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock owned by such Member, (iii) a one-to-one ratio between
the number of Series A Preferred Units owned by us, directly or indirectly, and the number of outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred Stock, (iv) a one-to-one ratio between the number of common warrants owned by us, directly or indirectly, and the number
of outstanding common warrants and (v) a one-to-one ratio between the number of preferred investor warrants, owned by us, directly
or indirectly, and the number of outstanding preferred investor warrants. 

Transfer Restrictions. The
A R Operating Agreement generally does not permit transfers of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units, Series A Preferred
Units and Unvested Earn Out Units by Members, subject to limited exceptions. Any transferee of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common
Units, Series A Preferred Units and Unvested Earn Out Units must execute the A R Operating Agreement and any other
agreements executed by the holders of Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units, Series A Preferred Units and Unvested Earn Out Units and
relating to such Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units, Series A Preferred Units and Unvested Earn Out Units, as applicable,
in the aggregate. 

Dissolution. The
A R Operating Agreement provides that our decision with the approval of a majority of the equity interests (including, but not limited
to, Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units, Series A Preferred Units and Unvested Earn Out Units) then outstanding (excluding
all units held directly or indirectly by us) will be required to voluntarily dissolve Intuitive Machines OpCo. In addition to a voluntary
dissolution, Intuitive Machines OpCo will be dissolved under Section 18-801(4) of the Delaware General Corporate Law DGCL because all members withdraw/resign (unless Intuitive Machines OpCo is continued without dissolution pursuant thereto) or pursuant to
Section 18-802 of the DGCL by operation of law, including entry of a decree of judicial dissolution. 

Confidentiality. Each
Member (other than us) agrees to hold confidential information in confidence and may not disclose or use such information except as otherwise
authorized separately in writing by us. This obligation excludes information that (i) is, or becomes, generally available to
the public other than as a direct or indirect result of a disclosure by such Member or its affiliates or representatives; (ii) is,
or becomes, available to such Member from a source other than us, Intuitive Machines OpCo or their respective representatives; (iii) is
approved for release by written authorization of our chief executive officer, chief financial officer or general counsel or any other
officer designated by us; or (iv) is or becomes independently developed by such Member or its respective representatives without
use of or reference to the confidential information. 

50 

Indemnification and Exculpation. The
A R Operating Agreement provides for indemnification for all expenses, liabilities and losses (including attorneys fees, judgments,
fines, excise taxes or penalties) reasonably incurred or suffered by reason of the fact that such person is or was a Member or an affiliate
thereof or is or was serving as manager or a director, officer, employee, advisor, attorney, accountant or other agent or representative
of the manager, the Company Representative (as such term is defined in the A R Operating Agreement), or a director, manager, officer,
employee, advisor, attorney, accountant or other agent or representative of Intuitive Machines OpCo or is or was serving at the request
of Intuitive Machines OpCo as a manager, officer, director, principal, member, employee, advisor, attorney, accountant or other agent
or representative of another person; provided, however , that no indemnified person shall be indemnified for any expenses,
liabilities and losses suffered that are attributable to such indemnified person s or its affiliates fraud, willful misconduct
or knowing violation of law or for any present or future breaches of any representations, warranties or covenants by such indemnified
person or its affiliates contained in the A R Operating Agreement or in other agreements with Intuitive Machines OpCo. 

Amendments. The
A R Operating Agreement may be amended or modified (including by means of merger, consolidation or other business combination to which
Intuitive Machines OpCo is a party) upon our prior written consent together with the prior written consent of the holders of a majority
of the equity interests (including, but not limited to, Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units, Series A Preferred Units and Unvested
Earn Out Units) then outstanding (excluding all units held directly or indirectly by us); provided, that no alteration, modification or
amendment shall be effective until written notice has been provided to the Members. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment to any
of the terms and conditions of the A R Operating Agreement that expressly require the approval or action of certain persons may be
made without obtaining the consent of the requisite number or specified percentage of such persons who are entitled to approve or take
action on such matter. Additionally, no alteration, modification or amendment may be made to any of the terms and conditions of the A R
Operating Agreement that would (i) reduce the amounts distributable to a Member in a manner that is not pro rata with respect to
all Members, (ii) modify the limited liability of any Member or increase the liabilities of such Member hereunder, (iii) otherwise
materially and adversely affect a holder of units in a manner materially disproportionate to any other holder of units or remove a right
or privilege granted to a Member (other than amendments, modifications and waivers necessary to implement the provisions permitting substitution
or admission of Members) or (iv) alter or change any rights, preferences or privileges of any units in a manner that is different
or prejudicial relative to any other units in the same class of unit or materially and adversely affect the rights of any Member, in each
case without the prior written consent of such Member or holder of units. 

A R Registration Rights Agreement 

In connection with the consummation of the Transactions,
we entered into the A R Registration Rights Agreement by and among, us, the Sponsor, certain shareholders of Intuitive Machines and
the Series A Investors pursuant to which we granted them and their affiliates the right, under certain circumstances and subject to certain
restrictions, to require us to register under the Securities Act certain securities held by such holders, including registration of the
shares of Class A common stock delivered to the Intuitive Machines Members in exchange for Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units. 

Policies and Procedures
for Related Person Transactions 

Our
Board has adopted a written Related Person Transaction Policy, setting forth the policies and procedures for the review and approval or
ratification of related person transactions. Under the policy, our finance department is primarily responsible for developing and implementing
processes and procedures to obtain information regarding related persons with respect to potential related person transactions and then
determining, based on the facts and circumstances, whether such potential related person transactions do, in fact, constitute related
person transactions requiring compliance with the policy. If our finance department determines that a transaction or relationship is a
related person transaction requiring compliance with the policy, our Chief Financial Officer is required to present to the Audit Committee
all relevant facts and circumstances relating to the related person transaction. Our Audit Committee must review the relevant facts and
circumstances of each related person transaction, including if the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained
in arm s length dealings with an unrelated third party and the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction,
take into account the conflicts of interest and corporate opportunity provisions of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and either
approve or disapprove the related person transaction. If advance Audit Committee approval of a related person transaction requiring the
Audit Committee s approval is not feasible, then the transaction may be preliminarily entered into by management upon prior approval
of the transaction by the chair of the Audit Committee subject to ratification of the transaction by the Audit Committee at the Audit
Committee s next regularly scheduled meeting; provided, that if ratification is not forthcoming, management will make all reasonable
efforts to cancel or annul the transaction. If a transaction was not initially recognized as a related person, then upon such recognition
the transaction will be presented to the Audit Committee for ratification at the Audit Committee s next regularly scheduled meeting;
provided, that if ratification is not forthcoming, management will make all reasonable efforts to cancel or annul the transaction. Our
management will update the Audit Committee as to any material changes to any approved or ratified related person transaction and will
provide a status report at least annually of all then current related person transactions. No director may participate in approval of
a related person transaction for which he or she is a related person. 

51 

Director Independence 

The information contained under the heading Director Independence 
in Part III, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following table summarizes the fees of Marcum LLP, IPAX s
independent registered public accounting firm prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, billed to us in each of the last
two fiscal years for audit services and billed to us in each of the last two fiscal years for other services: 

For the 
 year ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 For the 
 period from 
 January 27, 
 2021 
 (inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Fee Category 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 140,080 
 75,705 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 278,100 
 82,400 
 
 Tax Fees(3) 

All Other Fees(4) 

Total 
 418,180 
 158,105 

(1) Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees
billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided
by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 

(2) Audit-Related Fees .
Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit
or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services
that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

(3) Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional
services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. 

(4) All Other Fees . All other fees consist of fees billed
for all other services. 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy and Procedures 

IPAX s audit committee was formed upon the
consummation of its IPO. As a result, IPAX s audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services
rendered prior to the formation of the audit committee were approved by the IPAX board of directors. Since the formation of IPAX audit
committee, the audit committee has pre-approved all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors,
including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which
are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

On
February 13, 2023, in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, our audit committee dismissed Marcum LLP, IPAX s
independent registered public accounting firm prior to consummation of the Transactions, as Intuitive Machines independent
registered public accounting firm, and approved the engagement of Grant Thornton LLP as Intuitive Machines independent registered
public accounting firm for fiscal 2023, effective immediately following the filing of this Annual Report. 

Upon the consummation of the Transactions, our
audit committee has adopted a policy (the Pre-Approval Policy that sets forth the procedures and conditions pursuant to
which audit and non-audit services proposed to be performed by the independent auditor may be pre-approved. The Pre-Approval Policy generally
provides that we will not engage an independent auditor to render any audit, audit-related, tax or permissible non-audit service unless
the service is either (i) explicitly approved by the Audit Committee specific pre-approval or (ii) entered into pursuant
to the pre-approval policies and procedures described in the Pre-Approval Policy general pre-approval ). 

52 

PART
IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)(1) Financial Statements. 

The following documents are included on pages
F-1 through F-23 attached hereto and are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Index to Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# F-1 Financial Statements Balance Sheets F-2 Statements of Operations F-3 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity F-4 Statements of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to Financial Statements F-6 

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules. 

All financial statement schedules have been omitted
because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(a)(3) Exhibits. 

The following is a list of exhibits filed, furnished
or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing date 

Filed 
 Herewith 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2022, by and between Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. and Intuitive Machines, LLC 
 
 S-4/A 
 
 333-267846 
 
 2.1 
 
 1/20/23 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Intuitive Machines, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40823 
 
 3.1 
 
 2/14/23 

3.2 
 
 By-Laws of Intuitive Machines, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40823 
 
 3.2 
 
 2/14/23 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation relating to the 10.0 Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40823 
 
 3.3 
 
 2/14/23 

4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40823 
 
 4.1 
 
 9/24/21 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate of Intuitive Machines, Inc. 
 
 S-4/A 
 
 333-267846 
 
 4.5 
 
 1/20/23 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate of Intuitive Machines, Inc. 
 
 S-4/A 
 
 333-267846 
 
 4.6 
 
 1/20/23 

10.1 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated February 13, 2023, by and among Intuitive Machines, Inc., Intuitive Machines, LLC, the TRA Parties and other persons from time to time party thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40823 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/14/23 

10.2 
 
 Second A R Operating Agreement of Intuitive Machines, LLC, dated February 13, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40823 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/14/23 

10.3 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreements, dated February 13, 2023, between Intuitive Machines, Inc. and each of its officers and directors 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40823 
 
 10.3 
 
 2/14/23 

10.4 
 
 Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement, dated February 13, 2023, by and among Intuitive Machines, Inc., Inflection Point Holdings LLC and the Securityholders 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40823 
 
 10.4 
 
 2/14/23 

10.5 
 
 Intuitive Machines Lock-Up Agreement, dated February 13, 2023, by and among Intuitive Machines, Inc., Inflection Point Holdings LLC and the Securityholders 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40823 
 
 10.5 
 
 2/14/23 

10.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 13, 2023, by and among Intuitive Machines, Inc. and each of the shareholders of Intuitive Machines, Inc. identified on the signature pages thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40823 
 
 10.6 
 
 2/14/23 

10.7+ 
 
 Intuitive Machines, Inc. 2023 Long Term Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40823 
 
 10.7 
 
 2/14/23 

10.8+ 
 
 Form Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (under Intuitive Machines, Inc. 2023 Long Term Omnibus Incentive Plan) 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40823 
 
 10.8 
 
 2/14/23 

53 

10.9+ 
 
 Intuitive Machines, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Program 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40823 
 
 10.9 
 
 2/14/23 

10.10 
 
 Forward Purchase Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, by and among IPAX, Intuitive Machines OpCo, and Polar 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40823 
 
 10.10 
 
 2/14/23 

10.11 
 
 Forward Purchase Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, by and among IPAX, Intuitive Machines OpCo, and HGC 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-40823 
 
 10.11 
 
 2/14/23 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Intuitive Machines, Inc. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the Instance Document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

+ Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

54 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Intuitive Machines, Inc. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Erik Sallee 

Erik Sallee 

Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Stephen Altemus 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Stephen Altemus 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ Erik Sallee 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Erik Sallee 
 
 (principal financial officer) 

/s/ Steven Vontur 
 
 Controller 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Steven Vontur 
 
 (principal accounting officer) 

/s/ Dr. Kamal Ghaffarian 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Dr. Kamal Ghaffarian 

/s/ Michael Blitzer 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Michael Blitzer 

/s/ Lieutenant General William Liquori 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Lieutenant General William Liquori 

/s/ Robert Masson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Robert Masson 

55 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Intuitive Machines, Inc. (formerly known as Inflection
Point Acquisition Corp.) 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Intuitive Machines, Inc. (formerly known as Inflection Point Acquisition Corp.) (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the
period from January 27, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the year ended December 31, 2022 and
for the period from January 27, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks
of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.
Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits
also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 30, 2023 

F- 1 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Prepaid expenses noncurrent portion 

Marketable Securities held in Trust Account 

Total assets 

Liabilities, Redeemable Ordinary Shares and Shareholders Equity 

Accrued offering costs and expenses 

Due to related party 

Working Capital Loan 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value 

Shareholders Equity: 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 31,588,011 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Total Liabilities, Redeemable Ordinary Shares and Shareholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 2 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 
 For the Period from January 27, 2021 (Inception) through 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Change in fair value of over-allotment 

Issuance cost of over-allotment 

Interest income 

Total other income, net 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 27, 2021 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of January 27, 2021 (inception) 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to initial shareholders 

Sale of Private Placement Warrants, net of offering costs 

Capital contribution for sale of Class B shares to Anchor Investors 

Sale of Units not subject to redemption, net of underwriter discount and offering costs 

Allocated proceeds to Public Warrants, net of underwriter discount and offering costs 

Forfeiture of Class B founder shares 

Remeasurement of exercised over-allotment option 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Reduction of deferred underwriting fee 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 
 For the Period from January 27, 2021 (Inception) through 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Formation cost paid by Sponsor in exchange of issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Operating expense paid by promissory note - related party 

Change in fair value of over-allotment 

Issuance cost of over-allotment 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in trust account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid assets 

Other assets 

Due to related party 

Accrued offering costs and expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of Private Placement Warrants 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discount 

Payment of promissory note related party 

Proceeds from working capital loan 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents Beginning 

Cash and cash equivalents Ending 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Offering costs paid by promissory note - related party 

Capital contribution for excess fair value of Class B shares sold by the Sponsor to Anchor Investors determined to be offering cost 

Deferred underwriting commissions payable charged to additional paid in capital 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Reduction of deferred underwriting fee 

Accrued offering costs 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units at per unit (the Units ), which is discussed in Note 3. Each Unit consisted
of Class A ordinary share (the Class A ordinary shares or Public Shares of the Company, par value ,
and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants of the Company, with each whole warrant entitling the holder
to purchase one Class A ordinary share for per share, subject to adjustment. The underwriters had a 45-day option from the
Effective Date to purchase up to an additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On October 29, 2021, the underwriters
partially exercised the over-allotment option (the Over-Allotment and together with the IPO, the Public Offering and purchased an additional Units (the Over-Allotment Units ), generating additional gross proceeds
of , and forfeited their option to purchase the remaining Units. 

warrants (each an IPO Private
Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, each exercisable to purchase Class A ordinary share at per share, at a price
of per IPO Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of , which is described in Note 4.
On October 29, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Sponsor purchased an additional warrants
in a private placement (the Over-Allotment Private Placement Warrants and together with the IPO Private Placement Warrants,
the Private Placement Warrants ), generating aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of . 

million of the Units sold
in the IPO. None of the Anchor Investors expressed an interest in purchasing more than of the Units sold in the IPO. The Anchor
Investors were allocated and purchased a total of Units or of the Units sold in the IPO. One of the Anchor
Investors, Kingstown 1740 Fund, LP, Kingstown 1740 is an affiliate of the Sponsor, and was allocated and purchased Units
sold in the IPO. 

of the Units allocated to it, in connection with the closing of the IPO, the Sponsor sold membership interests reflecting
an allocation of Class B ordinary shares, par value per share (the Founder Shares to each Anchor Investor,
amounting to an aggregate of Founder Shares to all Anchor Investors collectively (see Note 6). The Company estimated
the aggregate fair value of these Founder Shares attributable to Anchor Investors to be approximately million, or per
share. The excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin
Topic 5A. Upon the completion of the IPO, offering costs allocated (1) to the Public Shares not subject to possible redemption and the
Public Warrants were charged to additional paid-in capital; (2) to the Public Shares subject to redemption were charged to temporary
equity; and (3) to the over-allotment option were charged to expense. 

consisting
of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions, excess fair value
of founder shares (see Note 5), and of other offering costs, with allocated to the over-allotment option,
 allocated to the Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption, and allocated to the Class A ordinary
shares not subject to redemption, the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants. 

F- 6 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the IPO
Private Placement Warrants was deposited into a trust account (the Trust Account ). Following the closing of the Over-Allotment
on October 29, 2021, an additional per Over-Allotment Unit) from the net proceeds from the sale of the
Over-Allotment Units in the Over-Allotment and the sale of the Over-Allotment Private Placement Warrants was deposited into the Trust
Account. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account were invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in
Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except
with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay taxes, if any, the
proceeds from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were not released from the Trust Account until the earliest
of (i) the completion of an Initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Company s Public Shares if the Company is
unable to complete an Initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO, subject to applicable law, or (iii)
the redemption of the Company s Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to
allow redemption in connection with an Initial Business Combination or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company has not consummated
an Initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating
to shareholders rights or pre-Initial Business Combination activity. 

There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect an Initial Business Combination. 

F- 7 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per share, each of which carries voting rights of one vote per share (collectively, the New Intuitive Machines Class A Common
Stock (iii) each whole warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share (each warrant, a Company Warrant automatically
represents the right to purchase one share of New Intuitive Machines Class A Common Stock on the same terms as the Company Warrants (each
a New Intuitive Machines Warrant and (c) each of the units of the Company outstanding as of immediately prior to the Domestication
was automatically canceled and each holder became entitled to one share of New Intuitive Machines Class A Common Stock and one-half of
one New Intuitive Machines Warrant, per unit. No fractional New Intuitive Machines Warrants were issued upon such cancellation. 

per share, having one vote per
share and no economic rights (collectively, the New Intuitive Machines Class B Common Stock and the shares of Class C
common stock of New Intuitive Machines, par value per share, having votes per share and no economic rights (collectively,
the New Intuitive Machines Class C Common Stock and the New Intuitive Machines Class A Common Stock, the New
Intuitive Machines Class B Common Stock and New Intuitive Machines Class C Common Stock, collectively, the New Intuitive
Machines Common Stock ). The Certificate of Incorporation also authorized the issuance of blank check preferred stock,
par value per share, having such characteristics as the board may, from time to time, provide. The Company s board of directors
adopted a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, creating
the Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below). 

. 

F- 8 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

shares of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series
A Preferred Stock which will be convertible into shares of New Intuitive Machines Class A Common Stock in accordance with the
terms of the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock
(the Certificate of Designation to be adopted by the Company s board of directors following the Domestication but
prior to the Closing and (ii) warrants to purchase shares of New Intuitive Machines Class A Common Stock at an initial exercise
price of per share, subject to adjustment (the Preferred Investor Warrants ). 

F- 9 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

of the amount of the cash tax savings, if any, in U.S. federal,
state, and local taxes that are based on, or measured with respect to, net income or profits, and any interest related thereto that New
Intuitive Machines (and applicable consolidated, unitary, or combined subsidiaries thereof, if any and collectively the Tax Group realizes, or is deemed to realize, as a result of certain tax attributes (the Tax Attributes ), including: 

of the cash tax savings resulting from the net tax benefit to New Intuitive
Machines of certain Tax Attributes (calculated using certain assumptions, and subject to the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement).
However, until a TRA Holder exchanges at least of its Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units, New Intuitive Machines will hold such
payments applicable to existing basis until the TRA Holder satisfies such threshold exchange. Upon the completion of the Business Combination,
no TRA Holder will have exchanged at least of its Intuitive Machines OpCo Common Units. The tax impacts of the transaction were estimated
based on the applicable law in effect on June 30, 2022. 

million and a liability under the Tax Receivable Agreement of approximately million, assuming: (i) all exchanges
or purchases occurred on the same day; (ii) a price of per share; (iii) a constant corporate tax rate; (iv) that
New Intuitive Machines will have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize the tax benefits; and (v) no material changes in tax
law. These amounts are estimates and have been prepared for illustrative purposes only. The actual amount of deferred tax assets and
related liabilities that New Intuitive Machines will recognize will differ based on, among other things, the timing of the exchanges,
the price per share of New Intuitive Machines Class A Common Stock at the time of the exchange, and the tax rates then in effect
and certain change of control or early termination events occurring. 

F- 10 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per share, the Company currently
estimates that it would be required to pay approximately million to satisfy its total liability. 

million
of newly issued New Intuitive Machines Class A Common Stock and (ii) the Exchange Cap, by delivering written notice to CFPI
prior to the commencement of trading on any trading day, subject to certain customary conditions and limitations set forth in the
Cantor Purchase Agreement. In connection with the execution of the Cantor Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to issue shares
(the Commitment Shares of New Intuitive Machines Class A Common Stock to CFPI. The Company entered into a registration
rights agreement with CFPI, pursuant to which it agreed to register for resale, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act, the shares
of New Intuitive Machines Class A Common Stock that are sold to CFPI under the equity facility and the Commitment Shares. 

Class A ordinary
shares held by it. 

in its operating bank account, and working capital deficiency . On September 30, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to provide the Company
with loans in such amounts as may be required by the Company to fund the Company s working capital requirements up to an aggregate
of . On March 8, 2022, the Sponsor agreed to provide the Company with loans in such amounts as may be required by the Company
to fund the Company s working capital requirements up to an aggregate of . 

to be used for ongoing expenses reasonably related to the business of the Company and the consummation of
an Initial Business Combination pursuant to a convertible promissory note (the Working Capital Note ). 

F- 11 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

million of gross proceeds to fund operations. We believe that the cash available from the consummation
of the Business Combination and related transactions will be sufficient to fund the short-term liquidity needs and the execution of the
business plan through at least the twelve month-period from the date of the Business Combination. 

shares of IPAX Class A Ordinary Shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for cash at a price of approximately
 per share for aggregate payments of . We may need to raise additional capital to fund our operations and our business
plan. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining capital sufficient to meet our operating needs on terms or a
timeframe acceptable to us or at all. Further, in the event that market conditions preclude our ability to consummate such a transaction,
we may be required to evaluate additional alternatives in restructuring our business and our capital structure. 

F- 12 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account. 

F- 13 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

of the Company s Class A
ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since their exercise is contingent upon the future consummation of
an Initial Business Combination which cannot be assured. As a result, diluted net loss per ordinary share is the same as basic net loss
per ordinary share for the periods. The table below presents a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used to compute basic
and diluted net loss per share for each class of ordinary shares. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

, consisting
of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions, of excess fair
value of founder shares (see Note 5), and of other offering costs, with allocated to the over-allotment option,
 allocated to the Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption, and allocated to the Class A ordinary
shares not subject to redemption, the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants . 

Class A ordinary shares sold
as part of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection
with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with an Initial Business Combination
and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In accordance
with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions
not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. 

F- 14 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Class A ordinary shares (the Non-Redemption Shares it held, and these ordinary shares are classified
as shareholders equity. 

Less: proceeds from shares not subject to redemption 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 

Over-allotment liability 

Ordinary share issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption, December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption, December 31, 2022 

F- 15 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Units,
at a purchase price of per Unit in its IPO. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one
redeemable Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of
 per share, subject to adjustment). Each Public Warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of an Initial
Business Combination and will expire after the completion of an Initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or
liquidation. 

Units sold in the IPO. 

Units to cover over-allotments. On October 29, 2021, the underwriters
partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Units, generating aggregate gross proceeds
of , and forfeited their option to purchase the remaining Units. 

, and an additional discount of upon the closing of the Over-Allotment. Additionally,
the underwriting agreement states that the Company will pay Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Citi a deferred discount of
 per Unit sold in the Public Offering including pursuant to the Over-Allotment, or an aggregate of (see Note 6), upon
the Company s completion of an Initial Business Combination, which would be payable from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely
in the event we complete an Initial Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. On November 27, 2022, in
connection with the proposed Business Combination, Citi agreed to waive its entitlement to the deferred underwriting commission of 
to which it became entitled upon completion of the Company s Initial Public Offering, subject to the completion of an Initial Business
Combination. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, fees of and (see Note 6) were
recorded as deferred and payable upon the Company s completion of an Initial Business Combination, respectively. 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding.
The Company evaluated the terms of the warrants and determined the warrants meet the criteria in ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ,
to be classified in shareholders equity upon issuance. Each whole warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. The warrants will become exercisable 30 days
after the completion of the Company s Initial Business Combination, and will expire after the completion of the Company s
Initial Business Combination at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 16 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

IPO Private Placement Warrants at a price of per IPO
Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of . On October 29, 2021, simultaneously with the closing of the
Over-Allotment, the Sponsor purchased an additional Over-Allotment Private Placement Warrants at a price of per
Over-Allotment Private Placement Warrant, generating aggregate gross proceeds of . 

F- 17 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

,
or approximately per share, to cover certain offering and formation costs in consideration for Founder
Shares. On March 5, 2021, Up to Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture
by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. On October 29, 2021, as
a result of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, the Sponsor forfeited of these Founder Shares and the
remaining Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

per share (as adjusted for
share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period commencing at least 150 days after the Initial Business Combination or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction
after the Initial Business Combination which results in the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for
cash, securities or other property, the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. 

of the Units allocated to it, in connection with the closing of the IPO, the Sponsor sold membership interests reflecting
an allocation of an aggregate of Founder Shares to the Anchor Investors collectively. The Company estimated the aggregate
fair value of these Founder Shares attributable to Anchor Investors to be approximately million, or per share.
The excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin
Topic 5A. Upon the completion of the IPO, offering costs allocated (1) to the Public Shares not subject to possible redemption and the
Public Warrants were charged to additional paid-in capital; (2) to the Public Shares subject to redemption were charged to temporary
equity; and (3) to the over-allotment liability were charged to expense. 

Class A ordinary shares, and these ordinary shares are classified as
shareholders equity. 

F- 18 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. These loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured
and were due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of the IPO. As of September 24, 2021, the Company had borrowed under
the promissory note, which was fully repaid by September 30, 2021. On September 30, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to provide the Company with
loans in such amounts as may be required by the Company to fund the Company s working capital requirements up to an aggregate of
 , and no amounts have been drawn upon this loan commitment. 

to be used for ongoing expenses reasonably related to the business of the Company and the consummation of
an Initial Business Combination pursuant to the Working Capital Note. The Working Capital Note is non-interest bearing and all unpaid
principal under the Working Capital Note shall be due and payable in full on the Maturity Date, unless accelerated upon the occurrence
of an event of default as set forth in the Working Capital Note. The conversion feature was analyzed under ASC 470-20, Debt
with Conversion or Other Options , and the Working Capital Note did not include any premium or discounts. The conversion option
did not include elements that would require bifurcation under ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging. 

and ,
respectively, were outstanding under Working Capital Note. 

per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the
Company s management team. Upon completion of an Initial Business Combination or a liquidation, the Company will cease paying these
monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred and paid of administrative service fees under
the agreement. For the period from January 27, 2021 (date of inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and paid 
of administrative service fees under the agreement. 

per month for services rendered, commencing September 25, 2021, through the closing of an Initial Business Combination.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred and paid of compensation for services provided. For the period
from January 27, 2021 (date of inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and paid of compensation for services
provided. 

F- 19 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

of fees to an affiliate of the Sponsor for consulting services related to the business
combination. For the period from January 27, 2021 (date of inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and paid to
an affiliate of the Sponsor for consulting services related to the business combination. These fees are reflected as formation and
operational costs on the statements of operations. 

and of reimbursable
expenses and are included in formation and operating costs in the accompanying statements of operations, respectively. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, there was and of reimbursable expenses included in due to related party on the accompanying balance
sheets, respectively. 

forward purchase Class A ordinary shares Forward Purchase Shares ), for per
share, or an aggregate amount of up to , in a private placement that will close concurrently with the closing of an Initial
Business Combination, subject to approval by the Kingstown investment committee. The proceeds from the sale of these Forward Purchase
Shares, together with the amounts available to the Company from the Trust Account (after giving effect to any redemptions of Public Shares)
and any other equity or debt financing obtained by the Company in connection with an Initial Business Combination, will be used to satisfy
the cash requirements of an Initial Business Combination, including funding the purchase price and paying expenses and retaining specified
amounts to be used by the post-Initial Business Combination company for working capital or other purposes. To the extent that the amounts
available from the Trust Account and other financing are sufficient for such cash requirements, Kingstown may purchase less than Forward
Purchase Shares. In addition, Kingstown s commitment under the FPA will be subject to approval of its investment committee prior
to the closing of an Initial Business Combination. Accordingly, if Kingstown s investment committee does not give its approval,
Kingstown will not be obligated to purchase the Forward Purchase Shares. Further, the Company has the right, in its sole discretion,
to reduce the amount of Forward Purchase Shares that Kingstown may purchase pursuant to the FPA. Pursuant to the terms of the FPA, Kingstown
will have the option to assign its commitment to one of its affiliates. The Forward Purchase Shares will be identical to the Class A
ordinary shares included in the Units sold in the Public Offering, except that they will be subject to transfer restrictions and registration
rights. 

The holders
of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities.
In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to the Company s completion of an Initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements. The Company evaluated the registration rights agreement in accordance with the guidance
in ASC 825-20 Registration Payment Arrangements, ASC 470-20 Debt with Conversion and Other Options, and ASC
450 Contingencies. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidating damages, penalty payment, or other cash
settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering the Company s securities. As such, there are no accounting implications
that arise due to the registration rights. 

F- 20 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Units to cover over-allotments, if any. 

per Unit, or , excluding the proceeds from the purchase of an aggregate of Units
by certain of our anchor investors. The Company paid an underwriting fee at the closing of the Over-Allotment of . 

of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering, or , held in the
Trust Account upon the completion of an Initial Business Combination, which would be payable from the amounts held in the Trust Account
solely in the event that we complete an Initial Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

to which it
became entitled upon completion of the Company s Initial Public Offering, subject to the completion of an Initial Business Combination. As
a result, the Company was recorded to additional paid-in capital in relation to the reduction of the deferred underwriter
fee in the accompanying condensed financial statements. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the deferred underwriting fee
payable is and , respectively. 

preference
shares with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A
ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote
for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding Class
A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 

Class B
ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for
each ordinary share. On February 3, 2021, the Sponsor paid , or approximately per share, to cover certain offering
and formation costs in consideration for Founder Shares. On March 5, 2021, the Company effected a 1.2 to 1 share
recapitalization with respect to its Class B ordinary shares, resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of Founder
Shares. Up to Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the
underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. On October 29, 2021, as a result of the partial exercise of the over-allotment
option, the Sponsor forfeited of these shares and the remaining Class B ordinary shares are no longer subject to forfeiture.
At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

F- 21 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

F- 22 

INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION
POINT ACQUISITION CORP.) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Units at per
Unit and forfeited the remaining over-allotment option. The over-allotment liability was eliminated upon the expiration of the unexercised
option on November 8, 2021. The over-allotment option liability was valued using a Black Scholes Model. 

Exercise Price 

Volatility 

Term (years) 

Dividend Yield 

Risk Free Rate-Daily Treasury Yield Curve 

Change in fair value at October 29, 2021 

Fair value of expired over-allotment option at November 8, 2021 

Partial exercise of over-allotment liability at October 29, 2021 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

F- 23 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex21-1_intuitive.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF INTUITIVE MACHINES, INC

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of incorporation 
 
 Intuitive Aviation, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Space Network Solutions, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 IX, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_intuitive.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Stephen Altemus, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 of Intuitive Machines, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Stephen Altemus 

Stephen Altemus 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_intuitive.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Erik Sallee, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 of Intuitive Machines, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Erik Sallee 

Erik Sallee 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

(principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_intuitive.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of Intuitive Machines, Inc. (the Company as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company hereby certifies,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Stephen
 Altemus 

Stephen Altemus 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

(principal executive officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to
accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date
hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_intuitive.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of Intuitive Machines, Inc. (the Company as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company hereby certifies,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Erik
 Sallee 

Erik Sallee 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

(principal financial officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to
accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date
hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ipax-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ipax-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ipax-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ipax-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ipax-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

