<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_1487712_0001628280-23-003886.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13119563</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>461874</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2150543</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5232466</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2717261</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2293864</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-003886.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216160352
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-003886
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		107
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AIR LEASE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001487712
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EQUIPMENT RENTAL & LEASING, NEC [7359]
		IRS NUMBER:				271840403
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35121
		FILM NUMBER:		23638506

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 AVENUE OF THE STARS
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000-N
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 553-0555

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 AVENUE OF THE STARS
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000-N
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AIR LEASE Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100323

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-003886.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 al-20221231.htm
 10-K

al-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code): ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting 

company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by 
 any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of registrant s voting stock held by non-affiliates was approximately billion on June 30, 2022, based upon the last reported sales price on the New York Stock Exchange. As of February 15, 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 INDEX 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I. 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 28 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of 
 Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 32 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 53 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 84 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 84 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 84 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 85 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 86 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 86 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Related Stockholder Matters 
 86 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 87 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 87 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 87 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K and other publicly available documents may contain or incorporate statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements appear in a number of places in this Form 10-K and include statements regarding, among other matters, the state of the airline industry, our access to the capital markets, the impact of Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the impact of sanctions imposed on Russia, the impact of lease deferrals and other accommodations, aircraft delivery delays, the impact of inflation, rising interest rates and other macroeconomic conditions, and other factors affecting our financial condition or results of operations. Words such as can, could, may, predicts, potential, will, projects, continuing, ongoing, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates and should, and variations of these words and similar expressions, are used in many cases to identify these forward-looking statements. Any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results to vary materially from our future results, performance or achievements, or those of our industry, expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among others, general commercial aviation industry, economic, and business conditions, which will, among other things, affect demand for aircraft, availability, and creditworthiness of current and prospective lessees; lease rates; availability and cost of financing and operating expenses; governmental actions and initiatives; and environmental and safety requirements, as well as the factors discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You are therefore cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we do not intend and undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking information to reflect actual results or events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 Air Lease Corporation (the Company , ALC , we , our or us is a leading aircraft leasing company that was founded by aircraft leasing industry pioneer, Steven F. Udvar-H zy. We are principally engaged in purchasing the most modern, fuel-efficient new technology commercial jet aircraft directly from aircraft manufacturers, such as The Boeing Company Boeing and Airbus S.A.S.( Airbus ), and leasing those aircraft to airlines throughout the world with the intention to generate attractive returns on equity. In addition to our leasing activities, we sell aircraft from our fleet to third parties, including other leasing companies, financial services companies, airlines and other investors. We also provide fleet management services to investors and owners of aircraft portfolios for a management fee. Our operating performance is driven by the growth of our fleet, the terms of our leases, the interest rates on our debt, and the aggregate amount of our indebtedness, supplemented by gains from aircraft sales and our management fees. 
 
 We currently have relationships with over 200 airlines across 70 countries. We operate our business on a global basis, providing aircraft to airline customers in every major geographical region, including markets such as Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, U.S. and Canada, Central America, South America and Mexico, and the Pacific, Australia and New Zealand. As air travel continues to recover from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we expect demand for our modern fuel-efficient aircraft will continue to increase. In markets such as the United States and Western Europe, our strategy is to focus on the replacement market as many airlines look to replace aging aircraft with new, modern technology, fuel efficient jet aircraft. In less saturated markets, including parts of Asia, in addition to the replacement market, we serve customers expanding their fleets. 
 
 Many of these markets are experiencing increased demand for passenger airline travel and have lower market saturation than more mature markets such as the United States and Western Europe. We expect that these markets will also present significant replacement opportunities in upcoming years as many airlines look to replace aging aircraft with new, modern technology, fuel efficient jet aircraft. An important focus of our strategy is meeting the needs of this replacement market. Airlines in some of these markets have fewer financing alternatives, enabling us to command higher lease rates compared to those in more mature markets. 
 
 We mitigate the risks of owning and leasing aircraft through careful management and diversification of our leases and lessees by geography, lease term, and aircraft age and type. We believe that diversification of our fleet reduces the risks associated with individual lessee defaults and adverse geopolitical and regional economic events. We mitigate the risks associated with cyclical variations in the airline industry by managing customer concentrations and lease maturities in our fleet to minimize periods of concentrated lease expirations. In order to maximize residual values and minimize the risk of obsolescence, our strategy is to own an aircraft during the first third of its expected 25-year useful life. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased 60 new aircraft from Boeing and Airbus, purchased one aircraft from the secondary market, sold six aircraft and wrote-off our interests in 21 aircraft in our owned fleet that were detained in Russia. However, in October 2022, we recovered one of these aircraft. See Impact of Russia-Ukraine conflict in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. We ended the year with a total of 417 aircraft in our owned fleet. The net book value of our fleet grew by 7.2 to 24.5 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to 22.9 billion as of December 31, 2021. The weighted average age of our fleet was 4.5 years and the weighted average lease term remaining was 7.1 years as of December 31, 2022. Our managed fleet was comprised of 85 aircraft as of December 31, 2022 as compared to 92 aircraft as of December 31, 2021. We have a globally diversified customer base comprised of 117 airlines in 62 countries as of December 31, 2022. We continue to have a strong lease utilization rate of 99.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had commitments to purchase 398 aircraft from Boeing and Airbus for delivery through 2029, with an estimated aggregate commitment of 25.5 billion. We have placed approximately 90 of our committed orderbook on long-term leases for aircraft delivering through the end of 2024 and have placed 60 of our entire orderbook. We ended 2022 with 31.4 billion in committed minimum future rental payments, consisting of 15.6 billion in contracted minimum rental payments on the aircraft in our existing fleet and 15.8 billion in minimum future rental payments related to aircraft which will deliver between 2023 through 2028. 
 
 We typically finance the purchase of aircraft and our business with available cash balances, internally generated funds from our aircraft leasing and sales activities, and debt financings. Our debt financing strategy is focused on raising unsecured debt in the global 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 bank and debt capital markets, with limited utilization of government guaranteed export credit or other forms of secured financing. In 2022, we issued approximately 2.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes with maturities ranging from 2027 to 2032 with a weighted average interest rate of 3.59 . We ended 2022 with total debt outstanding of 18.8 billion, of which 91.3 was at a fixed rate and 99.3 of which was unsecured. As of December 31, 2022, our composite cost of funds raised through debt financings was 3.07 . 
 
 Our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 11.0 to 2.3 billion as compared to 2021. The increase in total revenues was primarily driven by the continued growth in our fleet and significantly lower COVID-19 related lease restructuring and cash basis losses. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded net loss attributable to shareholders of 138.7 million, or net loss of 1.24 per diluted share, as compared to net income attributable to shareholders of 408.2 million, or 3.57 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Despite the growth of our fleet, the decrease was due to the net impact of the write-off of our Russian fleet, which totaled approximately 771.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for more information on our financial results for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our adjusted net income before income taxes excludes the effects of certain non-cash items, one-time or non-recurring items that are not expected to continue in the future and certain other items, such as the net impact of the write-off of our Russian fleet. Adjusted net income before income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 11.9 to 659.9 million compared to 589.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Adjusted net income before income taxes per diluted share increased 14.4 to 5.89 per adjusted diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 5.15 per adjusted diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our adjusted net income before income taxes and adjusted diluted earnings per share before income taxes increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to the continued growth of our fleet and the increase in revenues. 
 
 Adjusted net income before income taxes and adjusted diluted earnings per share before income taxes are measures of financial and operational performance that are not defined by U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ). See Results of Operations in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of adjusted net income before income taxes and adjusted diluted earnings per share before income taxes as non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation of these measures to net income attributable to common stockholders. 
 
 Industry Outlook 
 
 Performance of the commercial airline industry is linked to global economic health and development. Passenger traffic has historically expanded at a faster rate than global gross domestic product GDP growth, in part due to the expansion of the middle class and the ease and affordability of air travel and we expect this trend to continue. Global air travel continues to recover following the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The International Air Transport Association IATA reported that passenger traffic was up 64 during 2022 relative to the prior year, due to a significant acceleration in international traffic and strong continued expansion of domestic traffic in most markets. International traffic in 2022 rose 153 relative to the prior year, benefiting from further relaxation of international travel restrictions in a number of countries. Global domestic traffic rose 11 during 2022 as compared to the prior year, with most major markets experiencing double-digit percentage increases except for China, which was constrained by temporary domestic travel restrictions. According to IATA, several international routes are now exceeding 2019 traffic levels or are expected to exceed those levels near term and several domestic markets are quickly approaching 2019 levels. In January 2023, international travel restrictions in China were lifted, which should further bolster global international traffic volumes this year and beyond. Additionally, IATA has previously reported that it expects global passenger departures to return to 2019 levels by 2024. 
 
 Fundamental drivers of our business have demonstrated significant durability through numerous cycles and downturns. These drivers include: the growth of passenger traffic over time; the increased role of lessors to finance a greater share of the world s fleet; and the need and desire for airlines to replace aging aircraft. Elevated fuel costs and other expenses inherent in operating older aircraft, along with environmental sustainability initiatives are also driving increased demand for new aircraft. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 Operations to Date 
 
 Current Fleet 
 
 The net book value of our fleet increased by 7.2 to 24.5 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to 22.9 billion as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we owned 417 aircraft in our aircraft portfolio, comprised of 306 narrowbody aircraft and 111 widebody aircraft. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average fleet age and weighted average remaining lease term of our fleet was 4.5 years and 7.1 years, respectively. We had a managed fleet of 85 aircraft as of December 31, 2022 compared to 92 as of December 31, 2021. References throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K to our fleet refer to the aircraft included in flight equipment subject to operating leases and do not include aircraft in our managed fleet or aircraft classified as net investments in sales-type leases unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 
 Geographic Diversification 
 
 Over 95 of our aircraft are operated internationally. The following table sets forth the dollar amount and percentage of our Rental of flight equipment revenues attributable to the respective geographical regions based on each airline s principal place of business: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Region Amount of Rental Revenue of Total Amount of Rental Revenue of Total Amount of Rental Revenue of Total (in thousands, except percentages) Asia (excluding China) 625,355 28.2 558,020 27.9 573,722 29.5 Europe 611,091 27.6 564,479 28.2 525,543 27.0 China 359,976 16.3 352,375 17.6 341,121 17.5 The Middle East and Africa 251,243 11.3 210,977 10.5 220,017 11.3 U.S. and Canada 143,266 6.5 130,717 6.5 106,694 5.5 Central America, South America and Mexico 141,638 6.4 104,315 5.2 88,113 4.5 Pacific, Australia, and New Zealand 81,939 3.7 82,454 4.1 91,410 4.7 Total 
 2,214,508 100.0 2,003,337 100.0 1,946,620 100.0 
 
 The following table sets forth the regional concentration based on each airline's principal place of business of our flight equipment subject to operating lease based on net book value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Region Net Book Value of Total Net Book Value of Total (in thousands, except percentages) Europe 7,985,317 32.5 7,439,993 32.5 Asia (excluding China) 7,144,188 29.1 5,952,981 26.0 China 2,792,022 11.4 2,934,224 12.8 The Middle East and Africa 2,253,342 9.3 2,447,919 10.7 Central America, South America, and Mexico 1,924,216 7.8 1,566,133 6.8 U.S. and Canada 1,557,260 6.3 1,638,450 7.2 Pacific, Australia, and New Zealand 882,040 3.6 919,304 4.0 Total 24,538,385 100.0 22,899,004 100.0 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we owned and managed leased aircraft to customers in the following regions based on each airline s principal place of business: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Region Number of Customers (1) 
 of Total Number of Customers (1) 
 of Total Europe 49 41.9 50 42.5 Asia (excluding China) 23 19.7 22 18.6 The Middle East and Africa 14 12.0 14 11.9 U.S. and Canada 13 11.1 13 11.0 China 8 6.8 9 7.6 Central America, South America and Mexico 7 6.0 7 5.9 Pacific, Australia, and New Zealand 3 2.5 3 2.5 Total 117 100.0 118 100.0 
 (1) A customer is an airline with its own operating certificate. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, China was the only individual country that represented at least 10 of our rental revenue based on each airline's principal place of business; however, no individual airline contributed more than 10 to our rental revenue. Our customer base is highly diversified, with our average customer representing approximately 1.0 of our fleet net book value as of December 31, 2022. We also have a global customer base with the average country representing approximately 1.8 of our fleet net book value as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Aircraft Acquisition Strategy 
 
 We seek to acquire the most highly in demand and widely distributed, modern technology, fuel efficient and lowest emissions narrowbody and widebody commercial jet aircraft. Our strategy is to order new aircraft directly from the manufacturers. When placing new aircraft orders with the manufacturers, we strategically target the replacement of aging aircraft with modern technology aircraft. Additionally, we look to supplement our order pipeline with opportunistic purchases of aircraft in the secondary market and participate in sale-leaseback transactions with airlines. In addition to our focus on commercial aircraft, we have expanded our focus to include the cargo market based on customer demand. 
 
 Prior to ordering aircraft, we evaluate the market for specific types of aircraft. We consider the overall demand for the aircraft type in the marketplace based on our deep knowledge of the aviation industry and our customer relationships. It is important to assess the airplane s economic viability, the operating performance characteristics, engine variant options, intended utilization by our customers, and which aircraft types it will replace or compete within the global market. Additionally, we study the effects of global airline passenger traffic growth in order to determine the likely demand for our new aircraft upon delivery. 
 
 For new aircraft deliveries, we source many components separately, which include seats, safety equipment, avionics, galleys, cabin finishes, engines, and other equipment. Oftentimes, we are able to achieve lower pricing through direct bulk purchase contracts with the component manufacturers than would be achievable if we relied on the airframe manufacturers to source the components for the aircraft themselves. Airframe manufacturers such as Boeing and Airbus install these buyer furnished equipment in our aircraft during the final assembly process at their facilities. With this purchasing strategy, we are able to both meet specific customer configuration requirements and lower our total acquisition cost of the aircraft. 
 
 Aircraft Leasing Strategy 
 
 The airline industry is complex and constantly evolving due to changes in the competitive landscape and passenger traffic patterns. Fleet flexibility is key to the airlines ability to effectively operate and compete in their respective markets. Operating leases offer airlines significant fleet flexibility by allowing them to adapt and manage their fleets through varying market conditions without bearing the full financial risk associated with these capital intensive assets which have an expected useful life of 25 years. We work closely with our airline customers throughout the world to help optimize their long-term aircraft fleet strategies. We may also, from time to time, work with our airline customers to assist them in obtaining financing for aircraft. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

We work to mitigate the risks associated with owning and leasing aircraft and cyclical variations in the airline industry through careful management of our fleet, including managing customer concentrations by geography and region, entering into long-term leases, staggering lease maturities, balancing aircraft type exposures, and maintaining a young fleet age. We believe that diversification of our fleet reduces the risks associated with individual customer defaults and the impact of adverse geopolitical and regional economic events. In order to maximize residual values and minimize the risk of obsolescence, our strategy is generally to own an aircraft for approximately the first third of its expected 25-year useful life. 
 
 Our management team identifies prospective airline customers based upon industry knowledge and long-standing relationships. Prior to leasing an aircraft, we evaluate the competitive positioning of the airline, the strength and quality of the management team, and the financial performance of the airline. Management obtains and reviews relevant business materials from all prospective customers before entering into a lease agreement. Under certain circumstances, the customer may be required to obtain guarantees or other financial support from a sovereign entity or a financial institution. We work closely with our existing customers and potential lessees to develop customized lease structures that address their specific needs. We typically enter into a lease agreement 18 to 36 months in advance of the delivery of a new aircraft from our orderbook. Once the aircraft has been delivered and operated by the airline, we look to remarket the aircraft and sign a follow-on lease six to 12 months ahead of the scheduled expiry of the initial lease term. 
 
 Our leases are typically structured as operating leases with fixed rates and terms and typically require cash security deposits and maintenance reserve payments. In addition, our leases are all structured as triple net leases, whereby the lessee is responsible for all operating costs, including taxes, insurance and maintenance and also contain provisions which require payment whether or not the aircraft is operated, irrespective of the circumstances. Substantially all of our leases require payments to be made in U.S. dollars. 
 
 In addition, our leases require the lessee to be responsible for compliance with applicable laws and regulations with respect to the aircraft. We require our lessees to comply with the standards of either the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration FAA or its equivalent in foreign jurisdictions. As a function of these laws and the provisions in our lease contracts, the lessees are responsible for performing all maintenance of the aircraft and returning the aircraft and its components in a specified return condition. Generally, we receive a cash deposit and maintenance reserves as security for the lessee s performance of its obligations under the lease and the condition of the aircraft upon return. In addition, most leases contain extensive provisions regarding our remedies and rights in the event of a default by a lessee. The lessee generally is required to continue to make lease payments under all circumstances, including periods during which the aircraft is not in operation due to maintenance or grounding. 
 
 Some foreign countries have currency and exchange laws regulating the international transfer of currencies. When necessary, we may require, as a condition to any foreign transaction, that the lessee or purchaser in a foreign country obtain the necessary approvals of the appropriate government agency, finance ministry, or central bank for the remittance of all funds contractually owed in U.S. dollars. We attempt to minimize our currency and exchange risks by negotiating the designated payment currency in our leases to be U.S. dollars. To meet the needs of certain of our airline customers, we have agreed to accept certain lease payments in a foreign currency. After we agree to the rental payment currency with an airline, the negotiated currency typically remains for the term of the lease. We may enter into contracts to mitigate our foreign currency risk, but we expect that the economic risk arising from foreign currency denominated leases will be immaterial to us. 
 
 We may, in connection with the lease of used aircraft, agree to contribute specific additional amounts to the cost of certain first major maintenance events or modifications, which usually reflect the usage of the aircraft prior to the commencement of the lease. We may be obligated under the leases to make reimbursements of maintenance reserves previously received to lessees for expenses incurred for certain planned major maintenance. We also, on occasion, may contribute towards aircraft modifications and recover any such costs over the life of the lease. 
 
 Monitoring 
 
 During the lease term, we closely follow the operating and financial performance of our lessees. We maintain a high level of communication with the lessee and frequently evaluate the state of the market in which the lessee operates, including the impact of changes in passenger air travel and preferences, the impact of delivery delays, changes in general economic conditions, emerging competition, new government regulations, regional catastrophes, and other unforeseen shocks that are relevant to the airline s market. This enables us to identify lessees that may be experiencing operating and financial difficulties. This identification assists us in assessing the lessee s ability to fulfill its obligations under the lease. This monitoring also identifies candidates, where appropriate, to 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 restructure the lease prior to the lessee s insolvency or the initiation of bankruptcy or similar proceedings. Once an insolvency or bankruptcy occurs, we typically have less control over, and would most likely incur greater costs in connection with, the restructuring of the lease or the repossession of the aircraft. 
 
 During the life of the lease, situations may emerge that place our customers under significant financial pressure, such as the circumstances resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, which may lead us to repossess our aircraft or restructure our leases with our airline customers. When we repossess an aircraft leased in a foreign country, we generally expect to export the aircraft from the lessee s jurisdiction. In some situations, the lessees may not fully cooperate in returning the aircraft. In those cases, we will take appropriate legal action, a process that could ultimately delay the return and export of the aircraft. In addition, in connection with the repossession of an aircraft, we may be required to pay outstanding mechanics liens, airport charges, navigation fees and other amounts secured by liens on the repossessed aircraft. These charges could relate to other aircraft that we do not own but were operated by the lessee. 
 
 Remarketing 
 
 Our lease agreements are generally structured to require lessees to notify us six to 12 months in advance of the lease s expiration if a lessee desires to renew or extend the lease. Requiring lessees to provide us with such advance notice provides our management team with an extended period of time to consider a broad set of alternatives with respect to the aircraft, including assessing general market and competitive conditions and preparing to remarket or sell the aircraft. If a lessee fails to provide us with notice, the lease will automatically expire at the end of the term, and the lessee will be required to return the aircraft pursuant to the conditions in the lease. As discussed above, our leases contain detailed provisions regarding the required condition of the aircraft and its components upon return at the end of the lease term. 
 
 Aircraft Sales Trading Strategy 
 
 Our strategy is to maintain a portfolio of young modern aircraft with a widely diversified customer base. In order to achieve this profile, we primarily order new planes directly from the manufacturers, place them on long-term leases, and sell the aircraft when they near the end of the first third of their expected 25-year economic useful life. We typically sell aircraft that are currently operated by an airline with multiple years of lease term remaining on the contract, in order to achieve the maximum disposition value of the aircraft. Buyers of the aircraft may include other leasing companies, financial institutions, airlines and other investors. We also, from time to time, buy and sell aircraft on an opportunistic basis for trading profits. Additionally, as discussed below, we may provide management services to buyers of our aircraft assets for a fee. 
 
 Aircraft Management Strategy 
 
 We supplement our core business model by providing fleet management services to third-party investors and owners of aircraft portfolios for a management fee. This allows us to better serve our airline customers and expand our existing airline customer base by providing additional leasing opportunities beyond our own aircraft portfolio, new order pipeline, and customer or regional concentration limits. As of December 31, 2022, we had a managed fleet of 85 aircraft. 
 
 Financing Strategy 
 
 We finance the purchase of aircraft and our business with available cash balances, internally generated funds, including through aircraft sales and trading activity and an array of financing products. We aim to maintain investment-grade credit metrics and focus our debt financing strategy on funding our business primarily on an unsecured basis with mostly fixed-rate debt from public bond offerings. Unsecured financing provides us with operational flexibility when selling or transitioning aircraft from one airline to another. We also have the ability to seek debt financing secured by our assets, as well as financings supported through the Export-Import Bank of the United States and other export credit agencies for aircraft deliveries . 
 
 Insurance 
 
 We require our lessees to carry those types of insurance that are customary in the air transportation industry, including comprehensive liability insurance, aircraft all-risk hull insurance, and war-risk insurance covering risks such as hijacking, terrorism but excluding coverage for weapons of mass destruction and nuclear events), confiscation, expropriation, seizure, and nationalization. We generally require a certificate of insurance from the lessee s insurance broker prior to delivery of an aircraft. Generally, all 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 certificates of insurance contain a breach of warranty endorsement so that our interests are not prejudiced by any act or omission of the lessee. Lease agreements generally require hull and liability limits to be in U.S. dollars, which are shown on the certificate of insurance. 
 
 Insurance premiums are to be paid by the lessee, with coverage acknowledged by the broker or carrier. The territorial coverage, in each case, should be suitable for the lessee s area of operations and based on available insurance coverages. We generally require that the certificates of insurance contain, among other provisions, a provision prohibiting cancellation or material change without at least 30 days advance written notice to the insurance broker (who would be obligated to give us prompt notice), except in the case of hull war and liability war insurance policies, which customarily only provide seven days advance written notice for cancellation and may be subject to shorter notice under certain market conditions. Furthermore, the insurance is primary and not contributory, and we require that all insurance carriers be required to waive rights of subrogation against us. 
 
 The stipulated loss value schedule under aircraft hull insurance policies is on an agreed-value basis acceptable to us and usually exceeds the book value of the aircraft. In cases where we believe that the agreed value stated in the lease is not sufficient, we make arrangements to cover such deficiency, which would include the purchase of additional Total Loss Only coverage for the deficiency. 
 
 Aircraft hull policies generally contain standard clauses covering aircraft and engines. The lessee is required to pay all deductibles. Furthermore, the hull war policies generally contain full war risk endorsements, including, but not limited to, confiscation (where available), seizure, hijacking and similar forms of retention or terrorist acts. 
 
 The comprehensive liability insurance listed on certificates of insurance generally includes provisions for bodily injury, property damage, passenger liability, cargo liability, and such other provisions reasonably necessary in commercial passenger and cargo airline operations. We expect that such certificates of insurance list combined comprehensive single liability limits of not less than 500 million for Airbus and Boeing aircraft. As a standard in the industry, airline operator s policies contain a sublimit for third-party war risk liability generally in the amount of at least 150 million. We require each lessee to purchase higher limits of third-party war risk liability or obtain an indemnity from its respective government. 
 
 The international aviation insurance market has exclusions for physical damage to aircraft hulls caused by dirty bombs, bio-hazardous materials, and electromagnetic pulsing. Exclusions for the same type of perils could be introduced into liability policies in the future. 
 
 We cannot assure you that our lessees will be adequately insured against all risks in all territories in which they operate, that lessees will at all times comply with their obligations to maintain insurance, that any particular claim will be paid, or that lessees will be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates in the future. 
 
 In addition to the insurance coverage obtained by our lessees, we separately purchase contingent liability insurance and contingent hull insurance on all aircraft in our owned fleet and maintain other insurance covering the specific needs of our business operations. While we believe our insurance is adequate both as to coverages and amounts based on industry standards in the current market, we cannot assure you that we are adequately insured against all risks and in all territories in which our aircraft operate. For example, following the Russia-Ukraine conflict, Russia, Ukraine and Belarus are now generally excluded from coverage in our contingent liability, contingent hull and contingent hull war insurance consistent with insurance market terms available at the time these policies were last renewed. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The leasing, remarketing, and sale of aircraft is highly competitive. While we are one of the largest aircraft lessors operating on a global scale, the aircraft leasing industry is diversified with a large number of competitors. We face competition from aircraft manufacturers, banks, financial institutions, other leasing companies, aircraft brokers and airlines. Some of our competitors may have greater operating and financial resources and access to lower capital costs than we have. Competition for leasing transactions is based on a number of factors, including delivery dates, lease rates, lease terms, other lease provisions, aircraft condition, and the availability in the marketplace of the types of aircraft required to meet the needs of airline customers. Competition in the purchase and sale of used aircraft is based principally on the availability of used aircraft, price, the terms of the lease to which an aircraft is subject, and the creditworthiness of the lessee, if any. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Government Regulation 
 
 The air transportation industry is highly regulated. We do not operate commercial jet aircraft, and thus may not be directly subject to many industry laws and regulations, such as regulations of the U.S. Department of State (the DOS ), the U.S. Department of Transportation, or their counterpart organizations in foreign countries regarding the operation of aircraft for public transportation of passengers and property. As discussed below, however, we are subject to government regulation in a number of respects. In addition, our lessees are subject to extensive regulation under the laws of the jurisdictions in which they are registered or operate. These laws govern, among other things, the registration, operation, maintenance, and condition of the aircraft. 
 
 We are required to register our aircraft with an aviation authority mutually agreed upon with our lessee. Each aircraft registered to fly must have a Certificate of Airworthiness, which is a certificate demonstrating the aircraft s compliance with applicable government rules and regulations and that the aircraft is considered airworthy. Each airline we lease to must have a valid operation certificate to operate our aircraft. Our lessees are obligated to maintain the Certificates of Airworthiness for the aircraft they lease. 
 
 Our involvement with the civil aviation authorities of foreign jurisdictions consists largely of requests to register and deregister our aircraft on those countries registries. 
 
 We are also subject to the regulatory authority of the DOS and the U.S. Department of Commerce (the DOC to the extent such authority relates to the export of aircraft for lease and sale to foreign entities and the export of parts to be installed on our aircraft. We may be required to obtain export licenses for parts installed in aircraft exported to foreign countries. The DOC and the U.S. Department of the Treasury (through its Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC impose restrictions on the operation of U.S.-made goods, such as aircraft and engines, in sanctioned countries, as well as on the ability of U.S. companies to conduct business with entities in those countries and with other entities or individuals subject to blocking orders. The U.S. Patriot Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act prohibits financial transactions by U.S. persons, including U.S. individuals, entities, and charitable organizations, with individuals and organizations designated as terrorists and terrorist supporters by the U.S. Secretary of State or the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury. The U.S. Customs and Border Protection, a law enforcement agency of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, enforces regulations related to the import of aircraft into the United States for maintenance or lease and the importation of parts into the U.S. for installation. 
 
 Jurisdictions in which aircraft are registered as well as jurisdictions in which they operate may impose regulations relating to noise and emission standards. In addition, most countries aviation laws require aircraft to be maintained under an approved maintenance program with defined procedures and intervals for inspection, maintenance and repair. To the extent that aircraft are not subject to a lease or a lessee is not in compliance, we are required to comply with such requirements, possibly at our own expense. 
 
 Environmental Strategy and GHG Emissions 
 
 Climate Change 
 
 The airline industry is focused on addressing its environmental impact in response to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations concerning air emissions and other impacts to the environment. Our fleet of modern fuel-efficient aircraft continues to expand, with each new aircraft delivered from our orderbook providing an approximately 20 to 25 reduction in fuel consumption and emissions relative to the prior generations they replace. Approximately 80 of commercial passenger aircraft in service worldwide are prior generation aircraft and we believe this will result in our airline customers accelerating their transition to the most modern technology, fuel-efficient commercial aircraft we own and have on order. 
 
 With 398 of the most modern aircraft available currently on order through 2029, we are committed to purchasing the most fuel-efficient commercial aircraft available and leasing them to our customers worldwide, primarily targeting airline customers looking to replace older aircraft or airlines looking to add routes. 
 
 Below is a summary of the GHG emissions factors used and the GHG emissions by type for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions information has been prepared in accordance with the World Resources Institute (WRI)/World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard and WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance, collectively referred to herein as the GHG Protocol (the GHG Protocol ). 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 GHG Emissions Factors 
 
 Emissions Scope Emissions Source Emissions Factor Employed Scope 1 (Direct) Natural Gas Diesel Backup Generators Aviation Fuel Natural gas: US EPA's Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories, dated April 2022, were applied. For all natural gas emission sources at international locations, the UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting, dated January 2022, were applied. Diesel for backup generators: CGHGP Emission Factors from Cross Sector Tools, dated May 2017, were applied. Aviation fuel: Aviation fuel emission factors within the UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting dated January 2022 were applied. Scope 2 (Indirect - Location-Based) Electricity Chilled Water The appropriate eGRID region was identified from the US EPA's Emission Factors for Greenhouse Inventories, dated April 2022, (if a U.S. facility) or a publicly available regional factor (if international facility). The most recently published electricity emission factor from the Sustainable Energy Authority of Ireland was applied to Dublin and the Carbon Footprint Country specific Electricity Grid Greenhouse Gas Emission Factors, dated March 2022, was applied to Hong Kong. 
 
 GHG Emissions by Type 
 
 Carbon Dioxide Methane Nitrous Oxide Total Scope 1 Direct 4,394 3 42 4,439 Scope 2 Indirect - Location-Based 220 1 221 

All GHG emissions figures are in metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalents (CO2e). In accordance with the GHG Protocol, we have included in our reporting carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), and nitrous oxide (N2O). Hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs), sulphur hexafluoride (SF6), and nitrogen trifluoride (NF3) emissions have been omitted as they are not material sources of greenhouse gases for us. The emissions figures provided above are based on the reporting tools and information reasonably available to us during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. There may be variations in methodology used by other companies in reporting emissions data, and consequently it is not always practical to directly compare emissions from different companies. In addition, future emissions results may vary as the methodology and performance measures applied by the aviation industry and by us continue to evolve. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 Culture and Values 
 
 We strive to conduct our business with integrity and in an honest and responsible manner and to build and maintain long-term, mutually beneficial relationships with our customers, suppliers, shareholders, employees and other stakeholders. We are also committed to fostering, cultivating and preserving a culture of diversity, equity, and inclusion. We believe that a diverse and inclusive culture helps maintain our position as a preeminent aircraft leasing company. As of December 31, 2022, more than 30 of our employees are multicultural and over 50 are female. Our values and priorities are further specified in our code of conduct and our ethics-related compliance policies, procedures, trainings, and programs. Ethical and inclusive behavior is strongly promoted by the management team and these values are reflected in our long-term strategy and our way of doing business. 
 
 Employees, Compensation and Benefits 
 
 Pay equity is central to our mission to attract and retain the best talent. Our compensation philosophy and reward structure are designed to compensate employees equitably and free of any bias. We demonstrate our commitment to pay equity by regularly reviewing our compensation practices for all our employees. Further, the health and wellness of our employees is a priority, and we offer employee benefits including a competitive compensation philosophy with comprehensive benchmarking analysis. Other benefits for which our employees in the United States, and to the extent practicable outside of the United States, are eligible for include but are 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 not limited to: cash bonus programs, our long-term incentive plan, employee-funded 401(k) programs with company matching, education reimbursement, company-paid medical, dental and vision insurance, company-paid life insurance, reimbursement accounts and remote healthcare services among other health and wellness offerings. As of December 31, 2022, we had 151 full-time employees. None of our employees are represented by a union or collective bargaining agreements. 
 
 Access to Our Information 
 
 We file annual, quarterly, current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We make our public SEC filings available, at no cost, through our website at http://www.airleasecorp.com as soon as reasonably practicable after the report is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The information contained on or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report filed with the SEC. We will also provide these reports in electronic or paper format free of charge upon written request made to Investor Relations at 2000 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 1000N, Los Angeles, California 90067. Our SEC filings are also available free of charge on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 Our website is http://www.airleasecorp.com. We may post information that is important to investors on our website. Information included or referred to on, or otherwise accessible through, our website is not intended to form a part of or be incorporated by reference into this report. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 Set forth below is certain information concerning each of our executive officers as of February 16, 2023, including his/her age and current position with the Company. All of our executive officers have been employed by us during the past five years. 
 Name Age Company Position Steven F. Udvar-H zy 
 76 Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors John L. Plueger 
 68 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Carol H. Forsyte 
 60 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer Gregory B. Willis 
 44 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Alex A. Khatibi 
 62 Executive Vice President Kishore Korde 
 49 Executive Vice President, Marketing Grant A. Levy 
 60 Executive Vice President, Marketing and Commercial Affairs John D. Poerschke 
 61 Executive Vice President of Aircraft Procurement and Specifications 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The following important risk factors, and those risk factors described elsewhere in this report or in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated in forward-looking statements contained in this document and elsewhere. These risks are not presented in order of importance or probability of occurrence. Further, the risks described below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. Any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, profitability, cash flows or liquidity. 
 
 Risks relating to our capital requirements and debt financings 
 
 Our substantial indebtedness will require significant capital to refinance our outstanding indebtedness and to acquire aircraft; our inability to make our debt payments and obtain incremental capital may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We and our subsidiaries have a significant amount of indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, our total consolidated indebtedness, net of discounts and issuance costs, was approximately 18.6 billion and our interest payments were approximately 533.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. We expect these amounts to grow as we acquire more aircraft. Our level of debt could have important consequences, including making it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt payment obligations and requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows to be dedicated to debt service payments; limiting our ability to obtain additional financing; increasing our vulnerability to negative economic and industry conditions; increasing our interest rate risk; and limiting our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our industry. 
 
 Growing our fleet will require us to obtain substantial capital through additional financing, which may not be available to us on favorable terms or at all. As of December 31, 2022, we had 398 new aircraft on order with an estimated aggregate purchase price of approximately 25.5 billion. In addition to utilizing cash flow from operations to meet these commitments and to maintain an adequate level of unrestricted cash, we will need to raise additional funds by accessing committed debt facilities, securing additional financing from banks or through capital markets offerings. We also need to maintain access to the capital and credit markets and other sources of financing in order to repay or refinance our outstanding debt obligations. 
 
 Our access to financing sources depends upon a number of factors over which we have limited control, including general market conditions and interest rate fluctuations; periods of unexpected market disruption and volatility; the market's view of the quality of our assets, perception of our growth potential and assessment of our credit risk; the relative attractiveness of alternative investments; and the trading prices of our debt securities and preferred and common equity securities. Depending on market conditions at the time and our access to capital, we may also have to rely more heavily on additional equity issuances or on less efficient forms of debt financing that may require a larger portion of our cash flow from operations to service, thereby reducing funds available for our operations, future business opportunities and other purposes. Further, the issuance of additional shares of our outstanding preferred stock or any other preferred stock approved by our board of directors pursuant to our charter may result in such preferred stockholders having rights, preferences or privileges senior to existing Class A common stockholders, who would not have the ability to approve such issuance. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to make required repayments on our debt or meet our aircraft purchase commitments as they come due and other cash needs. The issuance of additional equity may be dilutive to existing shareholders or otherwise may be on terms not favorable to us or existing shareholders. 
 
 If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations and cannot obtain capital on terms acceptable to us, we may be forced to seek alternatives, such as to reduce or delay investments and aircraft purchases, or to sell aircraft. We also may not be able to satisfy funding requirements for any aircraft acquisition commitments then in place, which could force us to forfeit our deposits and/or expose us to potential breach of contract claims by our lessees and manufacturers. 
 
 As a result of these risks and repercussions, our inability to make our debt payments and/or obtain incremental capital to fund future aircraft purchases may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Cost of borrowing or interest rate increases may adversely affect our net income and our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 
 We finance our business through a combination of short-term and long-term debt financings, with most bearing interest at a fixed rate and some bearing interest at a floating rate that varies with changes in the applicable reference rate. As of December 31, 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 2022, we had 17.2 billion of fixed rate debt and 1.6 billion of floating rate debt outstanding. Further, we have outstanding preferred stock with an aggregate stated amount of 850.0 million that currently pays dividends at a fixed rate, but will alternate to paying dividends based on a floating rate after the initial five years from issuance. Any increase in our cost of borrowing directly impacts our net income. Throughout the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, market interest rates increased substantially, with the federal funds rate increasing from approximately 0.25 in the beginning of 2022 to approximately 4.25 at the end of 2022 and such increases may continue in the future. If the composite interest rate on our outstanding floating rate debt were to increase by 1.0 , we would expect to incur additional annual interest expense on our existing indebtedness as of December 31, 2022, of approximately 16.3 million. Our cost of borrowing is affected primarily by the market s assessment of our credit risk and fluctuations in interest rates and general market conditions. Interest rates that we obtain on our debt financings can fluctuate based on, among other things, changes in views of our credit risk, fluctuations in U.S. Treasury rates and the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), as applicable, changes in credit spreads, and the duration of the debt being issued. Increased interest rates prevailing in the market at the time of our incurrence of new debt will also increase our interest expense. 
 
 Moreover, if interest rates continue to rise sharply, we will not be able to immediately offset the negative impact on our net income by increasing lease rates, even if the market were able to bear the increased lease rates. Our leases are generally for multiple years with fixed lease rates over the life of the lease and, therefore, lags will exist because our lease rates with respect to a particular aircraft cannot generally be increased until the expiration of the lease. Higher interest expense and the need to offset higher borrowing costs by increasing lease rates may ultimately impact our ability to compete with other aircraft leasing companies in the marketplace, especially if those companies have lower cost of funding. 
 
 Decreases in interest rates may also adversely affect our business. Since our fixed rate leases are based, in part, on prevailing interest rates at the time we enter into the lease, if interest rates decrease, new fixed rate leases we enter into may be at lower lease rates and our lease revenue will be adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, certain of our debt instruments and equity securities that accrue dividends at a floating rate include the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR as the benchmark or reference rate. The Chief Executive of the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, publicly announced that publication of certain tenors of U.S. dollar LIBOR (including overnight and one, three, six and 12 months) will permanently cease after June 30, 2023. While all of the agreements governing our LIBOR linked debt and Series A Preferred Stock obligations that are set to mature after June 30, 2023, contain LIBOR transition fallback provisions, the lack of a standard market practice and inconsistency in fallback provisions in recent years is reflected across these agreements. For example, our Series A Preferred Stock contains LIBOR fallback provisions that will allow for the use of an alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution that is consistent with market practice regarding a substitute for three-month LIBOR. If we determine there is no such alternative reference rate, then we must select an independent financial advisor to determine a substitute rate for LIBOR, and if an independent financial advisor cannot determine an alternative reference rate, the dividend rate, business day convention and manner of calculating dividends applicable during the fixed-rate period of the Series A Preferred Stock will be in effect. The implementation of a substitute reference rate for the calculation of interest rates under our LIBOR linked debt obligations and our Series A Preferred Stock may cause us to incur expenses in effecting the transition and may result in disputes with our lenders or holders of Series A Preferred Stock over the appropriateness or comparability to LIBOR of the substitute reference rate selected. In addition, any substitute reference rates could result in interest and dividend payments that do not correlate over time with the payments that would have been made on our indebtedness or Series A Preferred Stock, as applicable, if LIBOR was available in its current form. 
 
 If any of these circumstances occur, our net income and/or our ability to compete in the marketplace may be adversely affected. 
 
 Negative changes in our credit ratings may limit our ability to obtain financing or increase our borrowing costs, which may adversely impact our net income and/or our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 
 We are currently subject to periodic review by independent credit rating agencies S P, Fitch and Kroll, each of which currently maintains an investment grade rating with respect to us, and we may become subject to periodic review by other independent credit rating agencies in the future. Our ability to obtain debt financing and our cost of debt financing is dependent, in part, on our credit ratings and we cannot assure you that these credit ratings will remain in effect or that a rating will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn. Maintaining our credit ratings depends in part on strong financial results and other factors, including the outlook of the rating agencies on our sector and on the market generally. Ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any security, and each agency s rating should be evaluated independently of any other agency s rating. Actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review for a downgrade, could increase our borrowing costs and limit our access to the capital markets, which may adversely impact our net income and/or our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 
 Certain of our debt agreements contain covenants that impose restrictions on us and our subsidiaries that may limit our flexibility to operate our business. 
 
 Some of the agreements governing our indebtedness contain financial and non-financial covenants. For instance, our unsecured revolving credit facility requires us to comply with certain financial maintenance covenants (measured at the end of each fiscal quarter) including minimum consolidated shareholders equity, minimum consolidated unencumbered assets, and an interest coverage test. Complying with such covenants may at times necessitate that we forego other opportunities, including incurring additional indebtedness, declaring or paying certain dividends and distributions or entering into certain transactions, investments, acquisitions, loans, guarantees or advances. Moreover, our failure to comply with any of these covenants could constitute a default and could accelerate some, if not all, of the indebtedness outstanding under such agreements and could create cross-defaults under other debt agreements, which would have a negative effect on our business and our ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, for our secured debt, if we are unable to repay such indebtedness when due and payable, the lenders under our secured debt could proceed against, among other things, the aircraft or other assets securing such indebtedness. As the result of the existence of these financial and non-financial covenants and our need to comply with them, the flexibility we have to operate our business may be limited. 
 
 Operational risks relating to our business 
 
 We may be unable to generate sufficient returns on our aircraft investments which may have an adverse impact on our net income. 
 
 Our business model and results are driven by our ability to acquire strategically attractive commercial passenger aircraft, profitably lease and re-lease them, and finally sell such aircraft in order to generate sufficient revenues to finance our growth and operations, pay our debt service obligations, and meet our other corporate and contractual obligations. We rely on our ability to negotiate and enter into leases with favorable lease terms and to evaluate the ability of lessees to perform their obligations to us prior to receiving the delivery of our orderbook aircraft from the manufacturers. When our leases expire or our aircraft are returned prior to the date contemplated in the lease, we bear the risk of re-leasing or selling the aircraft. Because our leases are predominantly operating leases, only a portion of an aircraft s value is recovered by the revenues generated from the lease and we may not be able to realize the aircraft s residual value after lease expiration. Our ability to profitably purchase, lease, re-lease, sell or otherwise dispose of our aircraft will depend on conditions in the airline industry and general market and competitive conditions at the time of purchase, lease and disposition. In addition to factors linked to the aviation industry in general, other factors that may affect our ability to generate adequate returns from our aircraft include the maintenance and operating history of the airframe and engines, the number of operators using the particular type of aircraft, and aircraft age. If we are unable to generate sufficient returns on our aircraft due to any of the above factors within or outside of our control, it may have an adverse impact on our net income. 
 
 Failure to close our aircraft acquisition commitments would negatively affect our ability to further grow our fleet and net income. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had entered into binding purchase commitments to acquire a total of 398 new aircraft for delivery through 2029. If we are unable to complete the purchase of such aircraft, we would face several risks, including forfeiting deposits and progress payments and having to pay and expense certain significant costs relating to these commitments; not realizing any of the benefits of completing the acquisitions; damage to our reputation and relationship with aircraft manufacturers; and defaulting on our lease commitments, which could result in monetary damages and damage to our reputation and relationships with lessees. If we determine that the capital required to satisfy these commitments is not available on terms we deem attractive, we may eliminate or reduce any then-existing dividend program to preserve capital to apply to such commitments. These risks, whether financial or reputational, would negatively affect our ability to further grow our fleet and net income. 
 
 Failure to complete our planned aircraft sales could affect our net income and may lead us to use alternative sources of liquidity. 
 
 Proceeds from the sale of aircraft in our owned portfolio help to supplement our liquidity position and contribute to our net income. We currently expect to sell approximately 1.0 billion to 2.0 billion in aircraft in 2023. If we are unable to complete the sales of such aircraft on the timeline anticipated, or at all, it could impact our net income and may lead us to use alternative sources of liquidity to fund our operations such as additional capital markets issuances or borrowings under our revolving credit facility or other debt facilities. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 The failure of an aircraft or engine manufacturer to meet its delivery obligations to us may negatively impact our ability to grow our fleet and our earnings. 
 
 The supply of commercial aircraft is dominated by a limited number of airframe and engine manufacturers. As a result, we depend on these manufacturers ability to remain financially stable, produce products and related components which meet airlines demands and regulatory requirements, and fulfill any contractual obligations they have to us, which is in turn dependent on a number of factors over which we have little or no control. Those factors include the availability of raw materials and manufactured components, changes in highly exacting performance requirements and product specifications, economic conditions, changes in the regulatory environment and labor relations and negotiations between manufacturers and their respective workforces. If manufacturers fail to meet their contractual obligations to us, we may experience: 
 
 missed or late aircraft deliveries and potential inability to meet our contractual delivery obligations owed to our lessees, resulting in potential lost or delayed revenues, and strained customer relationships; 
 an inability to acquire aircraft and engines resulting in lower growth or contraction of our aircraft fleet; 
 reduced demand for a particular manufacturer s product, which may lead to reduced market lease rates and lower aircraft residual values and may affect our ability to remarket or sell at a profit, or at all, some of the aircraft in our fleet; and 
 technical or other difficulties with aircraft or engines after delivery that subject aircraft to operating restrictions or groundings, resulting in a decline in residual value and lease rates of such aircraft and impair our ability to lease or dispose of such aircraft on favorable terms or at all. 
 
 There have been well-publicized delivery delays by airframe and engine manufacturers. 
 
 For example, we have experienced delivery delays of Boeing and Airbus aircraft due to manufacturing related issues. Although Boeing and Airbus have expressed their desire to increase production rates on several aircraft types, they have yet to meaningfully increase production. At their current production pace, we do not currently see this improving the delivery delay situation through at least 2023. Our leases and purchase agreements with Boeing and Airbus typically provide for cancellation rights starting at one year after the original contractual delivery date, regardless of cause. If there are delivery delays greater than one year for aircraft that we have made future lease commitments, some or all of our affected lessees could elect to cancel their lease with respect to such delayed aircraft. Any such cancellation could strain our relationship with such lessee going forward and would negatively affect our business. 
 
 Should the severity of the delivery delays from the manufacturers continue or worsen, or should new delays arise, such delays may negatively impact our ability to grow our fleet and our earnings. 
 
 If our aircraft become obsolete or experience a decline in customer demand, our ability to lease and sell those aircraft and our results of operations may be negatively impacted and may result in impairment charges. 
 
 Aircraft are long-lived assets, requiring long lead times to develop and manufacture, with models becoming obsolete or less in demand over time, in particular when newer, more advanced aircraft are manufactured. 
 
 Our fleet, as well as the aircraft that we have on order, have exposure to a decline in customer demand or obsolescence, particularly if unanticipated events occur which shorten the life cycle of such aircraft types, including: the introduction of superior aircraft or technology, such as new airframes or engines with higher fuel efficiency; the entrance of new manufacturers which could offer aircraft that are more attractive to our target lessees, including manufacturers of alternative technology aircraft; the advent of alternative transportation technologies which could make travel by air less desirable; government regulations, including those limiting noise and emissions and the age of aircraft operating in a jurisdiction; the costs of operating an aircraft, including maintenance which increases with aircraft age; and compliance with airworthiness directives. Obsolescence of certain aircraft may also trigger impairment charges, increase depreciation expense or result in losses related to aircraft asset value guarantees, if we provide such guarantees. 
 
 The demand for our aircraft is also affected by other factors outside of our control, including: air passenger demand; air cargo demand; air travel restrictions; airline financial health; changes in fuel costs, interest rates, foreign currency, inflation and general economic conditions; technical problems associated with a particular aircraft model; airport and air traffic control infrastructure constraints; and the availability and cost of financing. 
 
 As demand for particular aircraft declines, lease rates for that type of aircraft are likely to correspondingly decline, the residual values of that type of aircraft could be negatively impacted, and we may be unable to lease or sell such aircraft on favorable terms, if 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 at all. In addition, the risks associated with a decline in demand for a particular aircraft model or type increase if we acquire a high concentration of such aircraft. 
 
 If demand declines for a model or type of aircraft of which we own or of which we have a relatively high concentration, or should the aircraft model or type become obsolete, our ability to lease or sell those aircraft and our results of operations may be negatively impacted and may result in impairment charges. 
 
 The value and lease rates for aircraft that we own or acquire could decline resulting in an impact to our earnings and cash flows. 
 
 From time to time, aircraft values and lease rates have experienced declines due to a variety of factors outside of our control. These factors may impact the aviation industry as a whole or may be more specific to certain types of aircraft in our fleet. For example, the effects of COVID-19 pandemic related travel restrictions, as well as, groundings and aircraft production delays, have each impacted, and may continue to impact lease rates or our ability to lease certain aircraft in our fleet or orderbook. Other factors include, but are not limited to: manufacturer production levels and technological innovation; the number of airlines operating the aircraft; our lessees failure to maintain our aircraft; the impact of decisions by the regulatory authority under which the aircraft is operated and any applicable airworthiness directives, service bulletins or other regulatory action that could prevent or limit utilization of the aircraft. As a result of these factors, our earnings and cash flows may be impacted by any decrease in the value of aircraft that we own or acquire or decrease in market rates for leases for these aircraft. 
 
 Aircraft have limited economic useful lives and depreciate over time and we may be required to record an impairment charge or sell aircraft for a price less than its depreciated book value which may impact our financial results. 
 
 We depreciate our aircraft for accounting purposes on a straight-line basis to the aircraft s residual value over its estimated useful life. Our management team evaluates on a quarterly basis the need to perform an impairment test whenever facts or circumstances indicate a potential impairment has occurred. An assessment is performed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an aircraft may not be recoverable from their expected future undiscounted net cash flow. We develop the assumptions used in the recoverability assessment based on management's knowledge of, and historical experience in, the aircraft leasing market and aviation industry, as well as from information received from third-party industry sources. Factors considered in developing estimates for this assessment include changes in contracted lease rates, economic conditions, technology, and airline demand for a particular aircraft type. Any of our assumptions and estimates may prove to be inaccurate, which could adversely impact forecasted cash flow. In the event that an aircraft does not meet the recoverability test, the aircraft will be recorded at fair value, resulting in an impairment charge. Deterioration of future lease rates and the residual values of our aircraft could result in impairment charges which may have a significant impact on our financial results. The occurrence of unexpected events or changing conditions may also result in impairment charges. For a description of our impairment policy, see the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates Flight equipment. 
 
 If we were to record an impairment charge on aircraft, or if we were to dispose of aircraft for a price that is less than its depreciated book value on our balance sheet, it would reduce our total assets and shareholders equity. For example, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a net loss from asset write-offs of our interest in owned and managed aircraft detained in Russia as a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict totaling approximately 771.5 million. Depending on the size of the impairment, a reduction in our shareholders equity may negatively impact our ability to comply with covenants in certain of our agreements governing our indebtedness requiring us to maintain a minimum net worth and interest coverage ratio, and could result in an event of default under such agreements. For these reasons, our financial results may be impacted. 
 
 The Russian-Ukraine conflict and the impact of related sanctions may continue to impact our business. 
 
 We terminated our leasing activities and wrote-off our interests in owned and managed aircraft detained in Russia during 2022 due to the Russian-Ukraine conflict and related sanctions, which may continue to impact our business, the business of our airline customers and global macroeconomic conditions. Some of our customers are impacted by closures of Russian and Ukrainian airspace, increases in fuel and energy prices, and disruptions of the global supply chain. Airspace closures have resulted in certain of our airline customers re-routing flights to avoid such airspace which has resulted in increased flight times and fuel costs. Any of these factors could cause our lessees to incur higher costs and to generate lower revenues which could adversely affect their ability to make lease payments which, in turn, could impact our financial results. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 A large number of our aircraft are on lease to airlines in China and, therefore, we have concentrated exposure to political, legal and economic risks associated with China and any adverse event involving China may have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 
 Through our lessees and the countries in which they operate, we are exposed to the specific economic and political conditions and associated risks of those jurisdictions. Approximately 11.4 of our aircraft, based on net book value as of December 31, 2022, are operated by lessees based in China, giving us increased exposure to economic and political conditions in China , as well as changes in government relations between China and the U.S. , including trade disputes and trade barriers. We also have an office in Hong Kong and structure certain leases through our Hong Kong subsidiary. Risks related to concentrated exposure can include economic recessions, financial, public health and political emergencies, burdensome local regulations, trade disputes, and in extreme cases, increased risks of requisition of our aircraft and risks of wide-ranging sanctions prohibiting us from leasing flight equipment in certain jurisdictions. An adverse political or economic event in or related to China, or deterioration of government relations between the U.S. and China, could affect the ability of our lessees in China to meet their obligations to us, or expose us to various associated legal or political risks, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 
 We are dependent on the ability of our lessees to perform their payment and other obligations to us under our leases and their failure to do so may materially and adversely affect our financial results and cash flows. 
 
 We generate substantially all of our revenue from leases of aircraft to commercial airlines and our financial performance is driven by the ability of our lessees to perform their payment and other obligations to us under our leases. The airline industry is cyclical, economically sensitive and highly competitive, and our lessees are affected by several factors over which we and they have limited control, including: air passenger demand; changes in fuel costs, interest rates, foreign currency, inflation, labor difficulties, including pilot shortages, wage negotiations or other labor actions; increases in other operating costs, such as increased insurance costs, general economic conditions and governmental regulation and associated fees affecting the air transportation business. In recent years, the airline industry has been substantially impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, geopolitical events such as changes in national policy or the imposition of sanctions, including new sanctions, trade barriers or tariffs, as well as events leading to political or economic instability such as war, prolonged armed conflict and acts of terrorism; epidemics, pandemics and natural disasters; availability of financing, including availability of governmental support; airline financial health may also have an impact. Finally, our lessees may also be affected by aircraft accidents, in particular a loss if the aircraft is damaged or destroyed by an event specifically excluded from insurance policies such as dirty bombs, biohazardous materials and electromagnetic pulsing. 
 
 These factors could cause our lessees to incur higher costs and to generate lower revenues which could adversely affect their ability to make lease payments. In addition, lease default levels will likely increase over time if economic conditions deteriorate. 
 
 A majority of our lessees received lease deferrals or other accommodations during the COVID-19 pandemic and we may agree to deferrals, restructurings and terminations in the ordinary course of our business in the future. If a lessee delays, reduces, or fails to make lease payments when due and if we are unable to agree on a lease payment deferral or lease restructuring and we elect to terminate the lease, we may not receive all or any payments still outstanding, and we may be unable to re-lease the aircraft promptly and at favorable rates, if at all. While deferrals generally shift the timing of payments to a later period, restructurings and terminations generally permanently reduce our lease revenue. If we perform a significant number of restructurings and terminations, the associated reduction in lease revenue could materially and adversely affect our financial results and cash flows. 
 
 Lessee defaults and reorganizations, bankruptcies or similar proceedings, may result in lost revenues and additional costs. 
 
 From time to time, an airline may seek reorganization or protection from creditors under its local laws or may go into liquidation. Some of our lessees have defaulted on their lease obligations or filed for bankruptcy or otherwise sought protection from creditors (collectively referred to as bankruptcy ). One of our lessees is subject to bankruptcy proceedings as of February 15, 2023 and lessee bankruptcies may increase in the future. Based on historical rates of airline defaults and bankruptcies, we expect that we will experience additional lessee defaults and bankruptcies in the ordinary course of our business. 
 
 When a lessee defaults on its lease or files for bankruptcy, we typically incur significant additional costs, including legal and other expenses associated with court or other governmental proceedings. We could also incur substantial maintenance, refurbishment or repair costs if a defaulting lessee fails to pay such costs when necessary to put the aircraft in suitable condition for remarketing or sale. We may also incur storage costs associated with aircraft that we repossess and are unable to place immediately with another lessee, and we may not ultimately be able to re-lease the aircraft at a similar or favorable lease rate. It may also be necessary to pay off 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 liens including fleet liens, taxes and other governmental charges on the aircraft to obtain clear possession and to remarket the aircraft effectively, including, in some cases, liens that the lessee might have incurred in connection with the operation of its other aircraft. We could also incur other costs in connection with the physical possession of the aircraft. 
 
 When a lessee fails to fulfill their obligations under the lease or enters into bankruptcy proceedings, the lessee may not make lease payments or may return aircraft to us before the lease expires. When a lessee files for bankruptcy with the intent of reorganizing its business, we may agree to adjust our lease terms, including reducing lease payments by a significant amount. Certain jurisdictions give rights to the trustee in a bankruptcy to assume or reject the lease or to assign it to a third party, or entitle the lessee or another third party to retain possession of the aircraft without paying lease rentals or performing all or some of the obligations under the relevant lease. If one or more airline bankruptcies result in a larger number of aircraft being available for purchase or lease over a short period of time, aircraft values and aircraft lease rates may be depressed, and additional grounded aircraft and lower market values could adversely affect our ability to sell our aircraft or lease or remarket our aircraft at favorable rates or at all. 
 
 Our rights upon a lessee default will vary significantly depending upon the jurisdiction and the applicable law, including the need to obtain a court order for repossession of the aircraft and/or consents for deregistration or export of the aircraft. When a defaulting lessee is in bankruptcy additional limitations may apply. There can be no assurance that jurisdictions that have adopted the Cape Town Convention, which provides for uniformity and certainty for repossession of aircraft, will enforce it as written. In addition, certain of our lessees are owned, in whole or in part, by government-related entities, which could complicate our efforts to repossess our aircraft in that government s jurisdiction. Accordingly, we may be delayed in, or prevented from, enforcing certain of our rights under a lease and in remarketing the affected aircraft. 
 
 If we repossess an aircraft, we may not be able to export or deregister and profitably redeploy the aircraft in a timely manner or at all. Before an aviation authority will register an aircraft that has previously been registered in another country, it must receive confirmation that the aircraft has been deregistered by that country s aviation authority. In order to deregister an aircraft, the lessee must comply with applicable laws and regulations, and the relevant governmental authority must enforce these laws and regulations. For instance, where a lessee or other operator flies only domestic routes in the jurisdiction in which the aircraft is registered, repossession may be more difficult, especially if the jurisdiction permits the lessee or the other operator to resist deregistration. We may also incur significant costs in retrieving or recreating aircraft records required for registration of the aircraft, and in obtaining a certificate of airworthiness for an aircraft. Upon a lessee default, we may incur significant costs in connection with repossessing our aircraft and we may be delayed in repossessing our aircraft or are unable to obtain possession of our aircraft. 
 
 As a result of the time and process involved with lessee defaults, reorganizations, bankruptcies or similar proceedings as described above, which can vary by airline and jurisdiction among other factors, we may experience lost revenues and additional costs. 
 
 We may experience increased competition from other aircraft lessors which may impact our ability to execute our long-term strategy. 
 
 The aircraft leasing industry is highly competitive. Some of our competitors have greater resources, lower capital costs or provide financial or maintenance services, or other inducements to potential lessees or buyers that we cannot, which could make them able to compete more effectively in certain markets we operate in. In addition, some competitors may have higher risk tolerances, lower investment return expectations or different risk or residual value assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments, establish more relationships, bid more aggressively on aviation assets available for sale and offer lower lease rates or sale prices than we can. Our primary competitors are other aircraft leasing companies. The barriers to entry in the aircraft acquisition and leasing market are comparatively low, and new entrants with private equity, hedge fund, or other funding sources appear from time to time. 
 
 Lease competition is driven by lease rates, aircraft availability dates, lease terms, relationships, aircraft condition, specifications and configuration of the aircraft necessary to meet the customer s needs. Competition in the used aircraft market is driven by price, the terms of the lease to which an aircraft is subject and the creditworthiness of the lessee, if any. Our inability to compete successfully with our competitors may impact our ability to execute our long-term strategy. 

19 

Table of Contents 

 Our lessees may fail to adequately insure our aircraft or fulfill their indemnity obligations, or we may not be able to adequately insure our aircraft, which may result in increased costs and liabilities. 
 
 When an aircraft is on lease, we do not directly control its operation. Nevertheless, because we hold title to the aircraft, we could be sued or held strictly liable for losses resulting from the operation of such aircraft, or may be held liable for losses on other legal theories or claims may be made against us as the owner of an aircraft requiring us to expend resources in our defense. As a result, we separately purchase contingent liability insurance and contingent hull insurance on all aircraft in our owned fleet. While we believe our insurance is adequate both as to coverages and amounts based on industry standards in the current market, we cannot assure you that we are adequately insured against all risks and in all territories in which our aircraft operate. For example, following the Russia-Ukraine conflict, Russia, Ukraine and Belarus are now generally excluded from coverage in our contingent liability, contingent hull and contingent hull war insurance consistent with insurance market terms available at the time these policies were last renewed. 
 
 We also separately require our lessees to obtain specified levels of insurance customary in the aviation industry and indemnify us for, and insure against, liabilities arising out of the lessee s use and operation of the aircraft. Lessees are also required to maintain public liability, property damage and all risk hull and war risk insurance on the aircraft at agreed upon levels. Some lessees may fail to maintain adequate insurance coverage during a lease term, which, although in contravention of the lease terms, could necessitate our taking some corrective action such as terminating the lease or securing insurance for the aircraft. Moreover, even if our lessees retain specified levels of insurance, and indemnify us for, and insure against, liabilities arising out of their use and operation of the aircraft, we cannot assure you that we will not have any liability. 
 
 In addition, there are certain risks or liabilities that we or our lessees may face, for which insurers may be unwilling to provide coverage or the cost to obtain such coverage may be prohibitively expensive. For example, following the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, aviation insurers significantly reduced the amount of insurance coverage available for claims resulting from acts of terrorism, war, dirty bombs, bio-hazardous materials, electromagnetic pulsing or similar events, and increased the premiums for such third-party war risk and terrorism liability insurance and coverage in general. Similarly, following the Russia-Ukraine conflict, aviation insurers have, in some cases, reduced the scope of insurance coverage provided by policies and increased insurance premiums. Accordingly, our or our lessees insurance coverage could be insufficient to cover all claims that could be asserted against us arising from the operation of our aircraft. Inadequate insurance coverage or default by lessees in fulfilling their indemnification or insurance obligations will reduce the proceeds that would be received by us if we are sued and are required to make payments to claimants. Moreover, our lessees insurance coverage is dependent on the financial condition of insurance companies, which might not be able to pay claims. 
 
 Our or our lessees failure to adequately insure our aircraft, or our lessees failure to fulfill their indemnity obligations to us, could reduce insurance proceeds otherwise payable to us in certain cases, may result in increased costs and liabilities for our business. 
 
 We may experience the death, incapacity or departure of one of our key officers which may negatively impact our business. 
 
 We believe that our senior management s reputation and relationships with lessees, manufacturers, buyers and financiers of aircraft are a critical element to the success of our business. We depend on the diligence, skill and network of business contacts of our management team. Our future success will depend, to a significant extent, upon the continued service of our senior management team, particularly: Mr. Udvar-H zy, our founder, and Executive Chairman of the Board; Mr. Plueger, our Chief Executive Officer and President; and our other senior officers, each of whose services are critical to the success of our business strategies. We do not have employment agreements with Mr. Udvar-H zy or Mr. Plueger for their services at Air Lease Corporation, although one of our Irish subsidiaries has limited duration employment agreements under which Mr. Udvar-H zy or Mr. Plueger may terminate their employment at any time. If we were to lose the services of any of the members of our senior management team, it may negatively impact our business. 
 
 A cyberattack could lead to a material disruption of our information technology IT systems or the IT systems of our third-party providers and the loss of business information, which may hinder our ability to conduct our business effectively and may result in lost revenues and additional costs. 
 
 We depend on our and our third-party provider s IT systems to conduct our operations. Such systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, ransomware attacks, social-engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), fire and natural disasters. In particular, severe ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of sensitive data and income, reputational harm, 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. Damage or interruption to such IT systems may require significant investment to fix or replace, and we may suffer operational interruptions. Potential interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology or with maintenance of existing systems could also disrupt or reduce operational efficiency. Remote work has become more common and has increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees utilize network connections, computers and devices outside our premises or network, including working at home and while traveling. 
 
 Parts of our business depend on the secure operation of our and our third-party providers IT systems to manage, process, store, and transmit aircraft leasing information. We have, from time to time, experienced threats to our data and systems, including malware and computer virus attacks. A cyberattack could adversely impact our daily operations and lead to the loss of sensitive information, including our proprietary information and that of our customers, suppliers and employees. Such losses could harm our reputation and result in competitive disadvantages, litigation, regulatory enforcement actions, lost revenues, reputational harm, interruptions in our operations, additional costs and liabilities. Applicable data privacy and security obligations may also require us to notify relevant stakeholders of cyberattacks. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. While we devote substantial resources to maintaining adequate levels of cyber-security, our resources and technical sophistication may be unable to prevent all types of cyberattacks. We take steps to detect and remediate vulnerabilities in our IT systems, but we may not be able to detect and remediate all vulnerabilities because the threats and techniques used to exploit the vulnerability change frequently and are often sophisticated in nature. Therefore, such vulnerabilities could be exploited but may not be detected until after a cyberattack has occurred. These vulnerabilities pose material risks to our business. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. A cyberattack leading to a significant disruption of our IT systems or of those of our third-party providers may negatively affect our ability to conduct our business effectively and may result in lost revenues and additional costs. 
 
 Conflicts of interest between us and clients utilizing our fleet management services could arise which may result in legal challenges or reputational harm. 
 
 Conflicts of interest may arise between us and customers from our managed business who hire us to perform fleet management services such as leasing, remarketing, lease management and sales services. These conflicts may arise because services we provide for these clients are also services which we provide for our own fleet, including placement of aircraft with lessees. Our current fleet management services agreements provide that we will use our reasonable commercial efforts in providing services. Nevertheless, despite these contractual waivers, competing with our fleet management clients in practice may result in strained relationships with them. Any conflicts of interest that arise between us and the clients which utilize our fleet management services may result in legal challenges or reputational harm to our business. 
 
 We may encounter disputes, deadlock or other conflicts of interest with investment partners of entities in which we have minority interests and for which we serve as manager of the aircraft owned by the entities which may result in legal challenges, reputational harm or loss of fee income. 
 
 We own non-controlling interests in entities that invest in aircraft and lease them to airlines or facilitate the sale and continued management of aircraft assets. Additionally, we may also acquire interests in similar entities controlled by third parties in order to take advantage of favorable financing opportunities or tax benefits, to share capital and/or operating risk, and/or to earn fleet management fees. Such interests involve significant risks that may not be present with other methods of ownership, including that: 
 
 we may not realize a satisfactory return on our investment; 
 the investment may divert management s attention from our core business; 
 our investment partners could have investment goals that are not consistent with our investment objectives, including the timing, terms and strategies for any investments; 
 our investment partners may fail to fund their share of required capital contributions or fulfill their other obligations; and 
 our investment partners may have competing interests in our markets that could create conflict of interest issues, particularly if aircraft owned by the applicable investment entity are being marketed for lease or sale at a time when we also have comparable aircraft available for lease or sale. 
 
 The agreements governing these entities typically provide the non-managing investment partner certain veto rights over various significant actions and the right to remove us as the manager under certain circumstances. If we were to be removed as the manager 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 from a managed fleet portfolio, our reputation may be harmed and we would lose the benefit of future management fees. In addition, we might reach an impasse that could require us to dissolve the investment entity at a time and in a manner that could result in our losing some or all of our original investment in such entity, which may result in losses on our investment and potential legal challenges or reputational harm. 
 
 Macroeconomic and global risks relating to our business 
 
 Events outside of our control, including the threat or realization of epidemic diseases such as the COVID-19 pandemic, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, war or armed hostilities between countries or non-state actors, may adversely affect the demand for air travel, the financial condition of our lessees and of the aviation industry more broadly, and may ultimately impact our business. 
 
 Air travel has historically been disrupted, sometimes severely, by the occurrence of unexpected events outside of our and our lessees control. As noted above, the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the impact of sanctions imposed by the United States, the European Union, United Kingdom and others has adversely affected our business and financial condition. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a net write-off of our interests in our owned and managed aircraft that are detained in Russia totaling approximately 771.5 million. The COVID-19 pandemic has recently impacted air travel and our results of operations. According to IATA, December 2022 global domestic and international passenger traffic was 20 and 25 , respectively, lower compared to December 2019 passenger volume. As of December 31, 2022, we had 148.1 million in outstanding deferred rentals. In addition to lease deferral arrangements, we have from time to time agreed to restructure some of our lease agreements. As part of our lease restructuring agreements, we have typically modified our existing leases by extending the lease term and reducing our lease rates. We have also experienced and may still experience other impacts from COVID-19, including weaker demand for used aircraft, defaults, bankruptcies or reorganizations of our lessees, delays in delivery of aircraft, declines in placements of aircraft in our orderbook, and increased costs of borrowing. While we cannot currently reasonably estimate the extent to which these events will continue to impact our business, we expect our business, results of operations and financial condition will continue to be negatively impacted in the near term. 
 
 In addition to the recent COVID-19 pandemic, passenger demand for air travel has also been negatively impacted in the past by other epidemic diseases, such as severe acute respiratory syndrome, bird flu, swine flu, the Zika virus, and Ebola. Future epidemic diseases and other diseases, or the fear of such events could provoke responses that negatively affect passenger air travel. Air travel has also been disrupted in the past by terrorist attacks, war or armed hostilities between countries or non-state actors, including the fear of such events, and the occurrence of natural disasters and other natural phenomena, such as extreme weather conditions, floods, earthquakes, and volcanic eruptions, which may become more frequent or severe as a result of climate change. 
 
 The occurrence of any such event, or multiple such events, could cause our lessees to experience decreased passenger demand, to incur higher costs and to generate lower revenues, which could adversely affect their ability to make lease payments to us or to obtain the types and amounts of insurance we require. This in turn could lead to lease restructurings and repossessions, impair our ability to remarket or otherwise dispose of aircraft on favorable terms or at all, or reduce the proceeds we receive for our aircraft in a disposition which may ultimately impact our business. 
 
 Aircraft oversupply in the industry could decrease the value and lease rates of the aircraft in our fleet resulting in an impact to our earnings and cash flows. 
 
 The aircraft leasing business has experienced periods of aircraft oversupply at various times in the past, including during the COVID-19 pandemic, as a result of the 2008 financial crisis and during the period following the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. The oversupply of a specific type of aircraft is likely to depress the lease rates for, and the value of, that type of aircraft, including upon sale. Further, over recent years, the airline industry has committed to a significant number of aircraft deliveries through order placements with manufacturers, and in response, aircraft manufacturers have generally raised their production output. Increases in production levels could result in an oversupply of relatively new aircraft if growth in airline traffic does not meet airline industry expectations. Additionally, if overall lending capacity to purchasers of aircraft does not increase in line with the increased aircraft production levels, the cost of lending or ability to obtain debt to finance aircraft purchases could be negatively affected. Oversupply may produce sharp and prolonged decreases in market lease rates and residual values and may affect our ability to remarket or sell at a profit, or at all, some of the aircraft in our fleet which would impact our earnings and cash flows. 

22 

Table of Contents 

 Export restrictions and tariffs may impact where we can place and deliver our aircraft and negatively impact our ability to execute on our long-term strategy. 
 
 Existing export restrictions impact where we can place and deliver our aircraft. New export restrictions, including those implemented quickly or as a result of geopolitical events, may impact where we can place and deliver our aircraft or the ability of our lessees to operate our aircraft in certain jurisdictions, which may negatively impact our earnings and cash flows. For example, in early 2022, in connection with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the United States, European Union, United Kingdom and others imposed economic sanctions and export controls against certain industry sectors and parties in Russia. These sanctions include closures of airspace for aircraft operated by Russian airlines, bans on the leasing or sale of aircraft to Russian controlled entities, bans on the export and re-export of aircraft and aircraft components to Russian controlled entities or for use in Russia, and corresponding prohibitions on providing technical assistance, brokering services, insurance and reinsurance, as well as financing or financial assistance. In response to such actions, in March 2022 we terminated all of our leasing activities in Russia. 
 
 Tariffs can also impact our ability to place and deliver aircraft. Our leases are primarily structured as triple net leases, whereby the lessee is responsible for all operating costs including the costs associated with the importation of the aircraft. As a result, increased tariffs will result in a higher cost for imported aircraft that our lessees may not be willing to assume and which could adversely impact demand for aircraft, creating an oversupply of aircraft and potentially placing downward pressure on lease rates and aircraft market values. 
 
 For example, in October 2019, the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative announced a 10 tariff on new aircraft imported from Europe, including Airbus aircraft. In March 2020, the tariffs on aircraft were raised to 15 . In November 2020, the E.U. announced a 15 tariff on new aircraft imported into the E.U. from the U.S., including Boeing aircraft. In June 2021, the U.S. and the E.U. agreed to temporarily suspend all retaliatory tariffs related to new aircraft imports for five years. 
 
 We cannot predict what further actions may ultimately be taken with respect to export controls, tariffs or trade relations between the U.S. and other countries. Accordingly, it is difficult to predict exactly how, and to wha t extent, such actions may impact our business, or the business of our lessees or aircraft manufacturers. Any unfavorable government policies on international trade, such as export controls, capital controls or tariffs, may affect the demand for aircraft from our orderbook, increase the cost of aircraft components, delay production, impact the competitive position of certain aircraft manufacturers or prevent aircraft manufacturers from being able to sell aircraft in certain countries. In turn, this may impact where we can place and deliver our aircraft which may negatively impact our ability to execute on our long-term strategy. 
 
 We are subject to the economic and political risks associated with doing business around the world, including in emerging markets, which may expose our business to heightened risks and negatively impact our earnings and cash flows. 
 
 The emerging market countries in which we operate could face economic and geopolitical challenges and may experience significant fluctuations in gross domestic product, interest rates and currency exchange rates, as well as civil disturbances, government instability, nationalization and expropriation of private assets and the imposition of unexpected taxes or other charges by government authorities. This can result in economic and political instability which could negatively affect the ability of our lessees to meet their lease obligations leading to higher default rates, which could cause us to record asset write-offs. For example, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a net loss from asset-write-offs of our interests in owned and managed aircraft detained in Russia as a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict totaling approximately 771.5 million. We also may experience challenges in leasing or re-leasing aircraft in markets experiencing economic instability. In addition, legal systems in all markets in which we operate may have different liability standards, which could make it more difficult for us to enforce our legal rights in such countries, while legal systems in emerging market countries may also be less developed and less predictable. Doing business in countries around the world, including in emerging markets, has and may continue to expose our business to heightened risks and negatively impact our earnings and cash flows. 
 
 Changes in fuel costs could negatively affect our lessees and by extension the demand for our aircraft which may impact our ability to execute on our long-term strategy. 
 
 Historically, fuel prices have fluctuated widely depending primarily on international market conditions, geopolitical and environmental events, and currency exchange rates. The cost of fuel represents a major expense to airlines that is not within their control, and significant increases in fuel costs or hedges that inaccurately assess the direction of fuel costs can adversely affect their operating results. Due to the competitive nature of the aviation industry, operators may be unable to pass on increases in fuel prices to 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 their customers by increasing fares in a manner that fully offsets increased fuel costs. In addition, they may not be able to manage this risk by appropriately hedging their exposure to fuel price fluctuations. Airlines that do hedge their fuel costs can also be adversely affected by swift movements in fuel prices if such airlines are required as a result to post cash collateral under hedge agreements. Therefore, if fuel prices materially increase or show significant volatility, our lessees are likely to incur higher costs or generate lower revenues, which may affect their ability to meet their obligations to us. A sustained period of lower fuel costs may also adversely affect regional economies that depend on oil revenue, including those in which certain of our lessees operate. Should changes in fuel costs negatively affect our lessees or demand for our aircraft, our ability to execute our long-term strategy may be impacted. 
 
 The appreciation of the U.S. dollar could negatively impact our lessees ability to honor the terms of their leases, which are generally denominated in U.S. dollars, and may result in lost revenues and reduced net income. 
 
 Many of our lessees are exposed to currency risk due to the fact that they earn revenues in their local currencies while a significant portion of their liabilities and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars, including their lease payments to us, as well as fuel, debt service, and other expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, more than 95 of our revenues were derived from customers who have their principal place of business outside the U.S. and most leases designated payment currency is U.S. dollars. The ability of our lessees to make lease payments to us in U.S. dollars may be adversely impacted in the event of an appreciating U.S. dollar. This is particularly true for non-U.S. airlines whose operations are primarily domestic. Shifts in foreign exchange rates can be significant, are difficult to predict, and can occur quickly as evidenced by the significant appreciation of the U.S. dollar in 2022. Should our lessees be unable to honor the terms of their leases due to the appreciation of the U.S. dollar, we may experience lost revenues and reduced net income. 
 
 Regulatory, tax and legal risks relating to our business 
 
 Income and other taxes could negatively affect our business and operating results due to our multi-jurisdictional operations. 
 
 We operate in multiple jurisdictions and may become subject to a wide range of income and other taxes. If we are unable to execute our business in jurisdictions with favorable tax treatment, our operations may be subject to significant income and other taxes. Moreover, as our aircraft are operated by our lessees in multiple states and foreign jurisdictions, we may have nexus or taxable presence as a result of our aircraft landings in various states or foreign jurisdictions. Such landings may result in us being subject to various foreign, state and local taxes in such states or foreign jurisdictions. Further, any changes in tax laws in any of the jurisdictions that subject us to income or other taxes, such as increases in tax rates or limitations on our ability to deduct certain expenses from taxable income, such as depreciation expense and interest expense, could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate. To the extent such changes are within the United States, we may be disproportionately impacted as compared to our competitor aircraft lessors. For example, certain provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that phased into effect in 2022 may limit our ability to deduct interest expense from taxable income in future financial statements. Further, in August 2022, United States Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. The key tax provisions applicable to us are a 15 corporate minimum tax on adjusted book income and a 1 excise tax on stock repurchases effective January 1, 2023. We currently do not expect these changes to have a material impact on our financial position; however, we will continue to evaluate the impact as further information becomes available. 
 
 Environmental regulations, fees, taxes and reporting, and other concerns may negatively affect demand for our aircraft, reduce travel and ultimately impact the operating results of our customers. 
 
 The airline industry is subject to increasingly stringent and evolving federal, state and local environmental laws, regulations, fees, taxes and reporting of air emissions, water surface and subsurface discharges, safe drinking water, aircraft noise, the management of hazardous substances, oils and waste materials and other regulations affecting aircraft operations. Governmental regulations and reporting regarding aircraft and engine noise and emissions levels apply based on where the relevant aircraft is registered and operated. These regulations, as well as the potential for new and more stringent regulations, could limit the economic life of aircraft and engines, reduce their value, limit our ability to lease or sell the non-compliant aircraft and engines or, if engine modifications are permitted, require us to make significant additional investments in the aircraft and engines to make them compliant. Further, compliance with current or future regulations, fees, taxes and reporting imposed to address environmental concerns could cause our lessees to incur higher costs and to generate lower revenues, which could adversely affect their ability to make lease payments to us. 
 
 The airline industry has come under scrutiny by the press, public and investors regarding environmental impacts of air travel. If such scrutiny results in reduced air travel, it may negatively affect demand for our aircraft, lessees ability to make lease payments and reduce the value we receive for our aircraft upon sale. In addition, increased focus on the environmental impact of air travel has led to the emergence of numerous sustainability initiatives, including the development of sustainable aviation fuel, and electric and hydrogen 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 powered aircraft. While these sustainability initiatives are in the early stages of development, if alternative aircraft technology develops to the point of commercial viability and become widely accepted, we may not be able to adjust our orderbook in a timely manner and could be required to incur increased costs and significant capital investments to transition to such technology. 
 
 Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business. 
 
 There are inherent climate-related risks wherever our business is conducted. Changes in market dynamics, stakeholder expectations, local, national and international climate change policies, could disrupt our business and operations. Various countries, including the United States and the European Union, have announced sustainability initiatives to reduce carbon emissions, explore sustainable aviation fuels and establish sustainability measures and targets. Climate and environmental objectives may impact the types of aircraft we target for investment and the demand for certain aircraft and engine types, and could result in a significant increase in our costs and expenses and adversely affect future revenue, cash flows and financial performance. Failure to address climate change could result in greater exposure to economic and other risks and impact our ability to adhere to developing climate goals. 
 
 Environmental, social and governance ESG matters may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. 
 
 Public ESG and sustainability reporting is becoming more broadly expected by investors, shareholders, regulatory agencies and other third parties. Certain organizations that provide corporate governance and other corporate risk information to investors have developed, and others may in the future develop, scores and ratings to evaluate companies and investment funds based upon ESG or sustainability metrics. Many investment funds focus on positive ESG business practices and sustainability scores when making investments and may consider a company s ESG or sustainability scores as a reputational or other factor in making an investment decision. In addition, investors, particularly institutional investors, use these scores to benchmark companies against their peers and if a company is perceived as lagging, these investors may engage with such company to improve ESG disclosure or performance and may also make voting decisions, or take other actions, to hold these companies and their boards of directors accountable. Board diversity is an ESG topic that is, in particular, receiving heightened attention by investors, shareholders, lawmakers and listing exchanges. We may also face reputational damage in the event our corporate responsibility initiatives or objectives, including with respect to board diversity, do not meet the standards set by our investors, shareholders, lawmakers, listing exchanges or other constituencies, or if we are unable to achieve an acceptable ESG or sustainability rating from third party rating services. 
 
 Risks and requirements related to transacting business in foreign countries may result in increased liabilities including penalties and fines as well as reputational harm. 
 
 Our international operations expose us to trade and economic sanctions and other restrictions imposed by the United States or other governments or organizations. The U.S. Departments of Justice, Commerce, State and Treasury, and other foreign authorities have a broad range of civil and criminal penalties they may seek to impose against corporations and individuals for violations of economic sanctions laws, export control laws, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and other federal statutes and regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations and those established by the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), laws and regulations applicable to our operations in Ireland and Hong Kong and, increasingly, similar or more restrictive foreign laws, rules and regulations, including the U.K. Bribery Act UKBA ), which may also apply to us. Under these laws and regulations, the government may require export licenses, or impose restrictions that would require modifications to business practices, including cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries or with sanctioned persons or entities, and modifications to compliance programs, which may increase compliance costs. Failure to implement changes may subject us to fines, penalties and other sanctions. 
 
 We have in place training programs for our employees with respect to FCPA, OFAC, UKBA, export controls and similar laws and regulations, but we cannot assure that our employees, consultants, sales agents, or associates will not engage in unlawful conduct for which we may be held responsible or that our business partners will not engage in conduct that could affect their ability to perform their contractual obligations and result in our being held liable for such conduct. Violation of laws or regulations may result in increased liabilities including penalties and fines as well as reputational harm. 
 
 A lessee s failure to obtain required licenses, consents and approvals could negatively affect our ability to remarket or sell aircraft. 
 
 Airlines are subject to extensive regulation in the jurisdictions in which they are registered and operate. As a result, we expect some of our leases will require licenses, consents or approvals, including consents from governmental or regulatory authorities for certain payments under our leases and for the import, export or deregistration of aircraft. Subsequent changes in applicable law or administrative practice may require additional licenses and consents or result in revocation of prior licenses and consents. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Furthermore, consents needed in connection with our repossession or sale of an aircraft may be withheld. Any of these events could negatively affect our ability to remarket or sell aircraft. 
 
 Data privacy risks, including evolving laws, regulations, and other obligations and compliance efforts, may result in business interruption and increased costs and liabilities. 
 
 Laws, regulations and other obligations (including applicable guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies and contractual requirements) relating to personal data constantly evolve, as federal, state and foreign governments continue to adopt new measures addressing data privacy and processing (including collection, storage, transfer, disposal, disclosure, security and use) of personal data, and the interpretation and application of many existing privacy and data protection laws and regulations in the U.S., Europe (including the E.U. s General Data Protection Regulation and the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended CCPA )) and elsewhere impose stringent obligations. For example, the CCPA, which applies to business representative and other types of personal data, provides for civil penalties of up to 7,500 per violation and allows private litigants affected by certain data breaches to recover significant statutory damages. Such laws and regulations may be interpreted or applied in a manner that is inconsistent with each other and may complicate our existing data management practices. Evolving compliance and operational requirements under the privacy laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, regulations, and other obligations have become increasingly burdensome and complex. Privacy-related claims or lawsuits initiated by governmental bodies, customers or other third parties, irrespective of the merits, could be time consuming, result in costly enforcement actions (including regulatory proceedings, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections), litigation (including class action claims), penalties and fines, require us to change our business practices or cause business interruptions and may lead to administrative, civil, or criminal liability. 
 
 General risk factors relating to investment in our stock 
 
 Provisions in Delaware law and our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may inhibit a takeover of us, which could entrench management or cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 
 Our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders consider to be in their best interests, including the ability of our board of directors to issue new series of preferred stock, prohibitions on stockholders calling special meetings, and advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations. Further, we have not opted out of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a public Delaware corporation from engaging in certain business combinations with an interested stockholder (as defined in such section) for three years following the time that such stockholder became an interested stockholder without the prior consent of our board of directors. Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, and these charter and bylaws provisions, may make the removal of our management more difficult, impede a merger or other business combination or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer for our Class A common stock, which could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees or stockholders. 
 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (ii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees or stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or our restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws, or as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This exclusive forum provision is intended to apply to claims arising under Delaware state law and would not apply to claims brought pursuant to the Exchange Act of 1934 or Securities Act of 1933, each as amended, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. The exclusive forum provision in our amended and restated bylaws will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. The exclusive forum provision in our amended and restated bylaws may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees and stockholders. In addition, stockholders who do bring a claim in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware could face additional litigation costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near Delaware. The Court of 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Chancery of the State of Delaware may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments or results may be more favorable to us than to our stockholders. However, the enforceability of similar exclusive forum provisions in other companies' certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find this type of provision to be inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings. If a court were to find the exclusive forum provision contained in our amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we might incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. 
 
 Future offerings of debt or equity securities by us may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 We may obtain financing or further increase our capital resources by issuing additional shares of Class A common stock, or more series of our preferred stock, or offering debt or additional equity securities, including commercial paper, medium-term notes, senior or subordinated notes, or new convertible or preferred securities. Issuing additional shares of Class A common stock or other equity may dilute the economic and voting rights of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. Upon liquidation, holders of our debt securities, our outstanding preferred stock, and any new series of preferred stock, if issued, and lenders with respect to other borrowings, would receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of our Class A common stock. Our outstanding preferred stock have preferences with respect to liquidating distributions and dividend payments which limits our ability to pay dividends to our Class A common stockholders, subject to certain conditions. Any new series of preferred stock could have similar or different preferences. Our decision to issue securities in the future will depend on market conditions and we cannot predict the amount, timing or nature of such issuances, which could be dilutive to Class A stockholders and reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 We may not be able to continue, or may elect to discontinue, paying dividends which may adversely affect our stock price. 
 
 Current dividends may not be indicative of future dividends, and our ability to continue to pay or increase dividends to our shareholders is subject to our board of director s discretion and depends on: our ability to comply with covenants imposed by our financing agreements and our outstanding preferred stock, that limit our ability to pay dividends and make certain restricted payments; difficulties in raising additional capital and our ability to finance our aircraft acquisition commitments; our ability to re-finance our long-term debt before it matures; our ability to negotiate favorable lease rates and other contractual terms; demand for our aircraft; the economic condition of the commercial aviation industry generally; the financial condition and liquidity of our lessees; unexpected or increased expenses; the level and timing of aircraft investments, principal repayments and other capital needs; the value of our fleet; our results of operations and general business conditions; legal restrictions on the payment of dividends and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. In the future we may elect not to pay dividends, be unable to pay dividends or maintain or increase our current level of dividends, which may negatively affect our stock price. 
 
 Future sales of our Class A common stock by our directors, executive officers or significant stockholders, or the perception these sales may occur, may cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 If our directors, executive officers or other affiliates, sell substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public market, or are perceived as intending to sell, the price of our Class A common stock could decline. Shares of our Class A common stock underlying any outstanding restricted stock units are reserved for issuance under the Air Lease Corporation 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and have been registered on Form S-8 under the Securities Act, and will become eligible for sale in the public markets upon vesting, subject to Rule 144 limitations applicable to affiliates or the registration of the resale with the SEC. Sale of these shares could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of equity or equity related securities. In addition, a significant number of shares of our Class A common stock may be sold in the public market by any selling stockholders listed in a prospectus we may file with the SEC and such sales, or the perception they may occur, could adversely affect prices for our Class A common stock. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Flight Equipment 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned 417 aircraft in our owned aircraft portfolio, comprised of 306 narrowbody aircraft and 111 widebody aircraft, with a weighted average age of 4.5 years. 
 
 The following table shows the scheduled lease terminations (for the minimum non-cancellable period which does not include contracted unexercised lease extension options) of our owned fleet, excluding one aircraft that is currently not subject to a lease agreement, as of December 31, 2022, updated through February 16, 2023: 
 
 Aircraft Type 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Airbus A220-300 4 4 Airbus A319-100 1 1 Airbus A320-200 1 5 8 1 2 11 28 Airbus A320-200neo 4 19 23 Airbus A321-200 4 1 9 2 7 23 Airbus A321-200neo 4 2 5 67 78 Airbus A330-200 3 3 1 6 13 Airbus A330-300 3 1 1 5 Airbus A330-900neo 1 15 16 Airbus A350-900 1 1 11 13 Airbus A350-1000 6 6 Boeing 737-700 2 2 4 Boeing 737-800 11 7 20 16 10 18 82 Boeing 737-8 MAX 1 12 1 32 46 Boeing 737-9 MAX 15 15 Boeing 777-200ER 1 1 Boeing 777-300ER 2 9 4 9 24 Boeing 787-9 1 2 24 27 Boeing 787-10 6 6 Embraer E190 1 1 Total 20 23 49 40 33 251 416 

28 

Table of Contents 

 Commitments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had committed to purchase the following new aircraft at an estimated aggregate purchase price (including adjustment for anticipated inflation) of approximately 25.5 billion for delivery as shown below. The table is subject to change based on Airbus and Boeing delivery delays. As noted below, we expect delivery delays for some aircraft in our orderbook. We remain in discussions with Boeing and Airbus to determine the extent and duration of delivery delays; however, we are not yet able to determine the full impact of these delays. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Our Fleet Aircraft Delivery Delays for more information. 
 
 Estimated Delivery Years Aircraft Type 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Airbus A220-100/300 14 26 20 12 72 Airbus A320/321neo (1) 
 28 22 18 35 35 40 178 Airbus A330-900neo 7 6 13 Airbus A350-900/1000 4 3 7 Airbus A350F 2 2 3 7 Boeing 737-7/8/9 MAX 30 37 19 16 102 Boeing 787-9/10 5 4 10 19 Total (2) 
 88 98 67 65 37 43 398 (1) Our Airbus A320/321neo aircraft orders include 22 long-range variants and 49 extra long-range variants. (2) The table above reflects Airbus and Boeing aircraft delivery delays based on contractual documentation. 
 
 New Aircraft Placements 
 
 The following table, which is subject to change based on Airbus and Boeing delivery delays, shows the number of new aircraft scheduled to be delivered as of December 31, 2022, along with the lease placements of such aircraft as of February 16, 2023. We expect delivery delays for all aircraft deliveries in our orderbook. Boeing and Airbus have expressed their desire to increase production rates on several aircraft types; however, they have yet to meaningfully increase production. At their current production pace, we do not currently see this improving the delivery delay situation through at least 2023. We remain in discussions with Boeing and Airbus to determine the extent and duration of delivery delays, but we are not yet able to determine the full impact of these delays. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Our Fleet Aircraft Delivery Delays for more information. 
 
 Delivery Year Total number of lease placements Number of aircraft in our orderbook Leased 2023 88 88 100.0 2024 79 98 80.6 2025 36 67 53.7 2026 21 65 32.3 2027 14 37 37.8 Thereafter 1 43 2.3 Total 239 398 
 
 Our lease commitments for all of the 88 aircraft to be delivered in 2023 are comprised of 86 binding leases and two non-binding letters of intent. Our lease commitments for 79 of the 98 aircraft to be delivered in 2024 are comprised of 67 binding leases and 12 non-binding letters of intent. Our lease commitments consist of binding leases for 36 of the 67 aircraft to be delivered in 2025, 21 of the 65 aircraft to be delivered in 2026, and 14 of the 37 aircraft to be delivered in 2027. We also have one aircraft to be delivered in 2028 that is subject to a non-binding letter of intent. While our management s historical experience is that non-binding letters of intent for aircraft leases generally lead to binding contracts, we cannot be certain that we will ultimately execute binding agreements for all 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 or any of the letters of intent. While we actively seek lease placements for all aircraft in our orderbook, in making our lease placement decisions, we also take into consideration the anticipated growth in the aircraft leasing market and anticipated improvements in lease rates, which could lead us to determine that entering into particular lease arrangements at a later date would be more beneficial to us. 
 
 Facilities 
 
 We lease our principal executive office at 2000 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 1000N, Los Angeles, California 90067, USA. We also lease offices in Hong Kong and Dallas, Texas and own our office in Dublin, Ireland. We believe our current facilities are adequate for our current needs and for the foreseeable future. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 In June 2022, we and certain of our subsidiaries (collectively, the Plaintiffs submitted insurance claims to the insurers on our aviation insurance policies (collectively, the Insurers to recover losses relating to aircraft detained in Russia for which we recorded a net write-off of our interests in our owned and managed aircraft totaling approximately 771.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. On December 20, 2022, the Plaintiffs filed suit in the Los Angeles County Superior Court of the State of California seeking recovery of actual damages (subject to proof at trial) and declaratory relief against the Insurers for breach of contract and breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing in connection with the Plaintiff s previously submitted insurance claims. We do not believe this matter will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flow, as we have already recorded a write-off of our entire interest in our owned and managed aircraft detained in Russia and any recovery in this lawsuit would be recorded as a gain in our financial statements. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Impact of Russia-Ukraine Conflict for more information on aircraft that remain detained in Russia. 
 
 In addition, from time to time, we may be involved in litigation and claims incidental to the conduct of our business in the ordinary course. Our industry is also subject to scrutiny by government regulators, which could result in enforcement proceedings or litigation related to regulatory compliance matters. We are not presently a party to any enforcement proceedings or litigation related to regulatory compliance matters. We maintain insurance policies in amounts and with the coverage and deductibles we believe are adequate, based on the nature and risks of our business, historical experience and industry standards. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information 
 
 The Company s Class A common stock has been quoted on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol AL since April 19, 2011. Prior to that time, there was no public market for the Company s stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were 110,892,097 shares of Class A common stock outstanding. As of February 15, 2023, shares of the Company s Class A common stock outstanding were held by approximately 62 holders of record. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 The following table sets forth the dividends declared on the Company s outstanding Class A common stock for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Dividends declared per share 
 0.755 0.665 0.61 
 
 The Board of Directors approved quarterly cash dividends on the Company s outstanding common stock in 2022 and expects to continue approving a comparable quarterly cash dividend on the Company s outstanding common stock for the foreseeable future. However, the Company s cash dividend policy can be changed at any time at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors. On February 14, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of 0.20 per share on the Company s outstanding Class A common stock. The dividend will be paid on April 12, 2023 to holders of record of Class A common stock as of March 16, 2023. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 The graph below compares the 5-year cumulative return of the Company s Class A common stock, the S P Midcap 400 Index, the Company s 2021 custom benchmark group and the Company s 2022 custom benchmark group. Due to the lack of other publicly traded, stand-alone aircraft leasing companies, the Company is utilizing the custom benchmarking group included in the Company s annual proxy statements for its current and future performance graphs. This custom benchmarking group reflects companies with similar characteristics to the Company s business, including exposure to real assets, dependence on a highly skilled management team, credit exposure/underwriting expertise, and significant capital investments. The Company s 2022 custom benchmark group was updated to remove certain size outliers based on market capitalization and to maintain a balanced industry representation. The customized benchmarking group investments are weighted by market capitalization as of December 31, 2017, and adjusted monthly. The Company believes that the S P Midcap 400 Index, as measured by market capitalization, is currently still the most similar index benchmark to the Company. 
 
 An investment of 100, with reinvestment of all dividends, is assumed to have been made in our Class A common stock, the 2021 custom benchmarking group, the 2022 custom benchmarking group and the S P Midcap 400 Index on December 31, 2017, and the relative performance of each is tracked through December 31, 2022. The stock price performance shown in the graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of 5 Year Cumulative Total Return 
 Assumes Initial Investment of 100 
 December 31, 2022 

The foregoing Performance Graph does not constitute soliciting material and shall not be deemed filed, incorporated by reference into or a part of any other filing by the Company (including any future filings) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates such report by reference therein. 
 
 Company Purchases of Stock 
 
 None 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 None 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 
 
 Air Lease Corporation is a leading aircraft leasing company that was founded by aircraft leasing industry pioneer, Steven F. Udvar-H zy. We are principally engaged in purchasing the most modern, fuel-efficient new technology commercial jet aircraft directly from aircraft manufacturers, such as Boeing and Airbus, and leasing those aircraft to airlines throughout the world with the intention to generate attractive returns on equity. In addition to our leasing activities, we sell aircraft from our fleet to third-parties, including other leasing companies, financial services companies, airlines and other investors. We also provide fleet management services to investors and owners of aircraft portfolios for a management fee. Our operating performance is driven by the growth of our fleet, the terms of our leases, the interest rates on our debt, and the aggregate amount of our indebtedness, supplemented by gains from aircraft sales and our management fees. 
 
 2022 Overview 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased 60 new aircraft from Boeing and Airbus, purchased one aircraft from the secondary market, sold six aircraft and wrote-off our interests in 21 aircraft in our owned fleet that were detained in Russia. However, in October 2022, we recovered one of these aircraft. See Impact of Russia-Ukraine Conflict below for further discussion. We ended the period with a total of 417 aircraft in our owned fleet. The net book value of our fleet grew by 7.2 to 24.5 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to 22.9 billion as of December 31, 2021. The weighted average age of our fleet was 4.5 years and the weighted average lease term remaining was 7.1 years as of December 31, 2022. Our managed fleet was comprised of 85 aircraft as of December 31, 2022 as compared to 92 aircraft as of December 31, 2021. We have a globally diversified customer base comprised of 117 airlines in 62 countries as of December 31, 2022. We continue to have a strong lease utilization rate of 99.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had commitments to purchase 398 aircraft from Boeing and Airbus for delivery through 2029, with an estimated aggregate commitment of 25.5 billion. We have placed approximately 90 of our committed orderbook on long-term leases for aircraft delivering through the end of 2024, have placed 60 of our entire orderbook. We ended the fourth quarter of 2022 with 31.4 billion in committed minimum future rental payments, consisting of 15.6 billion in contracted minimum rental payments on the aircraft in our existing fleet and 15.8 billion in minimum future rental payments related to aircraft which will deliver between 2023 through 2028. 
 
 We typically finance the purchase of aircraft and our business with available cash balances, internally generated funds, including through aircraft sales, preferred stock issuances, and debt financings. We ended the fourth quarter of 2022 with an aggregate borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility of 6.1 billion and total liquidity of 6.9 billion. As of December 31, 2022, we had total debt outstanding of 18.8 billion, of which 91.3 was at a fixed rate and 99.3 of which was unsecured. As of December 31, 2022, our composite cost of funds raised through debt financings was 3.07 . 
 
 As we continue to emerge from the COVID-19 pandemic, our customers financial strength is continuing to improve, as demonstrated by the continued decline of our outstanding deferred balance and our strong collection rates. As of December 31, 2022, we had 148.1 million in outstanding deferred rentals due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic as compared to 203.2 million as of December 31, 2021. Our collection rate for the three months and year ended December 31, 2022 was 101 and 96 , respectively. Our collection rate is defined as the sum of cash collected from lease rentals and maintenance reserves, including cash recovered from outstanding receivables from previous periods, as a percentage of the total contracted receivables due during the period and is calculated after giving effect to lease deferral arrangements made as of December 31, 2022. Our lease utilization rate for the three months and year ended December 31, 2022 was 99.7 and 99.6 , respectively. Lease utilization rate is calculated based on the number of days each aircraft was subject to a lease or letter of intent during the period, weighted by the net book value of the aircraft. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 11.0 to 2.3 billion as compared to 2021. The increase in total revenues was primarily driven by the continued growth in our fleet and significantly lower COVID-19 related lease restructuring and cash basis losses. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a net loss attributable to shareholders of 138.7 million, or net loss of 1.24 per diluted share, as compared to net income attributable to shareholders of 408.2 million, or 3.57 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Despite the growth of our fleet, the decrease was due to the net impact of the write-off of our Russian fleet, which totaled approximately 771.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our adjusted net income before income taxes excludes the effects of certain non-cash items, one-time or non-recurring items that are not expected to continue in the future and certain other items, such as the net impact of the write-off of our Russian fleet. Adjusted net income before income taxes increased 11.9 to 659.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 589.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Adjusted net income before income taxes per adjusted diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 14.4 to 5.89 per diluted share compared to 5.15 per adjusted diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021, was primarily due to the continued growth of our fleet and the increase in revenues as discussed above. 
 
 Adjusted net income before income taxes and adjusted diluted earnings per share before income taxes are measures of financial and operational performance that are not defined by U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ). See Results of Operations below for a discussion of adjusted net income before income taxes and adjusted diluted earnings per share before income taxes as non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation of these measures to net income attributable to common stockholders. 
 
 Impact of Russia-Ukraine Conflict 
 
 In connection with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the United States, European Union, United Kingdom and others have imposed, and may continue to impose, economic sanctions and export controls against certain industry sectors and parties in Russia. These sanctions include closures of airspace for aircraft operated by Russian controlled entities, bans on the leasing or sale of aircraft to Russian controlled entities, bans on the export and re-export of aircraft and aircraft components to Russian controlled entities or for use in Russia, and corresponding prohibitions on providing technical assistance, brokering services, insurance and reinsurance, as well as financing or financial assistance. 
 
 In response to the sanctions, in March 2022 we terminated all of our leasing activities in Russia, consisting of 24 aircraft in our owned fleet, eight aircraft in our managed fleet and the leasing activity relating to 29 aircraft that had not yet delivered from our orderbook, all of which have been subsequently placed. In the first quarter of 2022, we also canceled five aircraft in our orderbook that were slated for delivery in Russia. 
 
 While we or the respective managed platform maintain title to the aircraft, we determined that it is unlikely we or they will regain possession of the aircraft that are detained in Russia. As a result, we recorded a write-off of our interests in our owned and managed aircraft that are detained in Russia, totaling approximately 802.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2022. The 21 aircraft that remained in Russia were removed from our fleet as of March 31, 2022. 
 
 In June 2022, we submitted insurance claims to our insurers to recover our losses relating to aircraft detained in Russia. In December 2022, we filed suit in the Los Angeles County Superior Court of the State of California against our insurers in connection with our previously submitted insurance claims and will continue to vigorously pursue all available insurance claims. Collection, timing and amounts of any insurance recoveries and the outcome of the ongoing insurance litigation remain uncertain at this time. 
 
 In October 2022, one Boeing 737-8 MAX aircraft that was not operating and had been in storage in Russia since the 737 MAX grounding was returned to us. As a result, during the fourth quarter of 2022, we added the aircraft back to our owned fleet, recording it at fair value to Flight equipment subject to operating lease in our consolidated balance sheet with a corresponding offset to the write-off line item in our statement of operations of 30.9 million. We do not currently anticipate the return of any other aircraft that are detained in Russia. 
 
 As of February 16, 2023, 20 aircraft previously included in our owned fleet and six aircraft previously included in our managed fleet are still detained in Russia. The 20 aircraft that are detained in Russia and the one aircraft that was returned provided 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 approximately 18.0 million per quarter in rental revenue. The operators of these aircraft have continued to fly most of these aircraft notwithstanding the termination of leasing activities and ongoing demands for the return of the assets. 
 
 Our Fleet 
 
 We continue to own one of the youngest fleets among aircraft lessors, including some of the most fuel-efficient commercial jet aircraft available. Our fleet, based on net book value, increased by 7.2 , to 24.5 billion as of December 31, 2022, compared to 22.9 billion as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased 60 new aircraft from Boeing and Airbus, purchased one aircraft from the secondary market, sold six aircraft and wrote-off our interests in 21 aircraft that remained in Russia as of March 2022. However, in October 2022, we recovered one of the aircraft. We ended the period with a total of 417 aircraft in our owned fleet. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average fleet age and weighted average remaining lease term of our fleet were 4.5 years and 7.1 years, respectively. We also managed 85 aircraft as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 References throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K to our fleet refer to the aircraft included in flight equipment subject to operating leases and do not include aircraft in our managed fleet or aircraft classified as net investments in sales-type leases unless the context indicates otherwise. Portfolio metrics of our fleet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Net book value of flight equipment subject to operating lease 24.5 billion 22.9 billion Weighted-average fleet age (1) 
 4.5 years 4.4 years Weighted-average remaining lease term (1) 
 7.1 years 7.2 years Owned fleet 417 382 Managed fleet 85 92 Aircraft on order 398 431 Total 900 905 Current fleet contracted rentals 15.6 billion 14.8 billion Committed fleet rentals 15.8 billion 16.1 billion Total committed rentals 31.4 billion 30.9 billion (1) Weighted-average fleet age and remaining lease term calculated based on net book value of our flight equipment subject to operating lease. 

The following table sets forth the net book value and percentage of the net book value of our flight equipment subject to operating leases in the indicated regions based on each airline's principal place of business as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Region Net Book Value of Total Net Book Value of Total (in thousands, except percentages) Europe 7,985,317 32.5 7,439,993 32.5 Asia (excluding China) 7,144,188 29.1 5,952,981 26.0 China 2,792,022 11.4 2,934,224 12.8 The Middle East and Africa 2,253,342 9.3 2,447,919 10.7 Central America, South America, and Mexico 1,924,216 7.8 1,566,133 6.8 U.S. and Canada 1,557,260 6.3 1,638,450 7.2 Pacific, Australia, and New Zealand 882,040 3.6 919,304 4.0 Total 24,538,385 100.0 22,899,004 100.0 

35 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the number of aircraft in our owned fleet by aircraft type as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Aircraft type Number of 
 Aircraft 
 of Total Number of 
 Aircraft 
 of Total Airbus A220-300 4 1.0 Airbus A319-100 1 0.2 1 0.3 Airbus A320-200 28 6.7 31 8.1 Airbus A320-200neo 23 5.5 23 6.0 Airbus A321-200 23 5.5 26 6.8 Airbus A321-200neo 78 18.7 69 18.1 Airbus A330-200 13 3.1 13 3.4 Airbus A330-300 5 1.2 8 2.1 Airbus A330-900neo 16 3.8 9 2.4 Airbus A350-900 13 3.1 12 3.1 Airbus A350-1000 6 1.4 5 1.3 Boeing 737-700 4 1.0 4 1.0 Boeing 737-800 82 19.7 88 23.0 Boeing 737-8 MAX 47 11.3 28 7.3 Boeing 737-9 MAX 15 3.7 7 1.8 Boeing 777-200ER 1 0.2 1 0.3 Boeing 777-300ER 24 5.8 24 6.3 Boeing 787-9 27 6.5 26 6.8 Boeing 787-10 6 1.4 6 1.6 Embraer E190 1 0.2 1 0.3 Total (1) 
 417 100.0 382 100.0 (1) As of December 31, 2022, we had four aircraft classified as flight equipment held for sale. As of December 31, 2021, we did not have any flight equipment classified as held for sale. 

36 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, we had contractual commitments to purchase 398 new aircraft, with an estimated aggregate purchase price (including adjustments for anticipated inflation) of 25.5 billion, for delivery through 2029 as shown in the following table. The table is subject to change based on Airbus and Boeing delivery delays. As noted below, we expect delivery delays for all of the aircraft in our orderbook. We remain in discussions with Boeing and Airbus to determine the extent and duration of delivery delays; however, we are not yet able to determine the full impact of these delays. 
 
 Estimated Delivery Years Aircraft Type 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Airbus A220-100/300 14 26 20 12 72 Airbus A320/321neo (1) 
 28 22 18 35 35 40 178 Airbus A330-900neo 7 6 13 Airbus A350-900/1000 4 3 7 Airbus A350F 2 2 3 7 Boeing 737-7/8/9 MAX 30 37 19 16 102 Boeing 787-9/10 5 4 10 19 Total (2) 
 88 98 67 65 37 43 398 (1) The Company's Airbus A320/321neo aircraft orders include 22 long-range variants and 49 extra long-range variants. (2) The table above reflects Airbus and Boeing aircraft delivery delays based on contractual documentation. 
 
 Aircraft Delivery Delays 
 
 Pursuant to our purchase agreements with Boeing and Airbus, we agree to contractual delivery dates for each aircraft ordered. These dates can change for a variety of reasons, however for the last several years, manufacturing delays have significantly impacted the planned purchases of our aircraft on order with Boeing and Airbus. We are currently experiencing delivery delays with both Boeing and Airbus aircraft. 
 
 Our purchase agreements with Boeing and Airbus generally provide each of us and the manufacturers with cancellation rights for delivery delays starting at one year after the original contractual delivery date, regardless of cause. In addition, our lease agreements generally provide each of us and the lessees with cancellation rights related to certain aircraft delivery delays that typically parallel the cancellation rights in our purchase agreements. 
 
 As a result of continued manufacturing delays as discussed above, our aircraft delivery schedule could continue to be subject to material changes and delivery delays could extend beyond 2023. 
 
 The following table, which is subject to change based on Airbus and Boeing delivery delays, shows the number of new aircraft scheduled to be delivered as of December 31, 2022, along with the lease placements of such aircraft as of February 16, 2023. As noted above, we expect delivery delays for all aircraft deliveries in our orderbook. Boeing and Airbus have expressed their desire to increase production rates on several aircraft types; however, they have yet to meaningfully increase production. At their current production pace, we do not currently see this improving the delivery delay situation through at least 2023. We remain in discussions with Boeing and Airbus to determine the extent and duration of delivery delays, but we are not yet able to determine the full impact of these delays. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Delivery Year Total number of lease placements Number of aircraft in our orderbook Leased 2023 88 88 100.0 2024 79 98 80.6 2025 36 67 53.7 2026 21 65 32.3 2027 14 37 37.8 Thereafter 1 43 2.3 Total 239 398 
 
 Aircraft Industry and Sources of Revenues 
 
 Our revenues are principally derived from operating leases with airlines throughout the world. As of December 31, 2022, we had a globally diversified customer base of 117 airlines in 62 different countries, with over 95 of our business revenues from airlines domiciled outside of the U.S., and we anticipate that most of our revenues in the future will be generated from foreign customers. 
 
 Performance of the commercial airline industry is linked to global economic health and development. Passenger traffic has historically expanded at a faster rate than global GDP growth, in part due to the expansion of the middle class and the ease and affordability of air travel and we expect this trend to continue. Global air travel continues to recover following the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The IATA reported that passenger traffic was up 64 during 2022 relative to the prior year, due to a significant acceleration in international traffic and strong continued expansion of domestic traffic in most markets. International traffic in 2022 rose 153 relative to the prior year, benefiting from further relaxation of international travel restrictions in a number of countries. Global domestic traffic rose 11 during 2022 as compared to the prior year, with most major markets experiencing double-digit percentage increases except for China, which was constrained by temporary domestic travel restrictions. According to IATA, several international routes are now exceeding 2019 traffic levels or are expected to exceed those levels near term and several domestic markets are quickly approaching 2019 levels. In January 2023, international travel restrictions in China were lifted, which should further bolster global international traffic volumes this year and beyond. Additionally, IATA has previously reported that it expects global passenger departures to return to 2019 levels by 2024. 
 
 As global air traffic recovers from the pandemic and continues to expand, we are experiencing increased demand for our aircraft through new lease requests and lease extension requests. We expect the need for airlines to replace aging aircraft will also increase the demand for newer, more fuel-efficient aircraft and many airlines will look to lessors for these new aircraft. In addition, both Boeing and Airbus have had ongoing delivery delays and engine manufacturer delays have impacted and may continue to impact the ability of Boeing and Airbus to meet their contractual delivery obligations to us. We expect that relatively low levels of widebody retirements in recent years could lead to an accelerated replacement cycle of older widebody aircraft in the near future. The increased demand for our aircraft, combined with rising interest rates and inflation, has been serving to increase lease rates. While lease rate increases currently lag behind the increases seen in interest rates, we believe that over time lease rates will catch up with interest rate increases. Lease rates can be influenced by several factors including impacts of changes in the competitive landscape of the aircraft leasing industry, supply chain disruptions, evolving international trade matters, epidemic diseases and geopolitical events and therefore, are difficult to project or forecast. We also believe the increase in lease rates and the tightening of credit markets may result in a shortfall of available capital to finance aircraft purchases, which could increase the demand for leasing. 
 
 Our airline customers are facing higher operating costs as a result of rising fuel costs, interest rates and inflation, ongoing labor shortages and disputes, as well as delays and cancellations caused by the global air traffic control system and airports, although the magnitude of underlying pre-pandemic demand returning to the market is offering a strong counterbalance to these increased costs. As of December 2022, IATA expects the airline industry to return to profitability in 2023. Many of these customers are also exposed to currency risk related to the appreciation of the U.S. dollar because they earn revenues in their local currencies while a significant portion of their liabilities and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars, including their lease payments to us. If our airline customers are not able to effectively manage their operating costs and currency risk, it could impact our financial results and cash flows. 
 
 Airline reorganizations, liquidations, or other forms of bankruptcies occurring in the industry may include some of our aircraft customers and result in the early return of aircraft or changes in our lease terms. As of the date of this filing, we had five aircraft placed with one airline which was subject to insolvency proceedings. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

We believe the aircraft leasing industry has remained resilient over time across a variety of global economic conditions and remain optimistic about the long-term fundamentals of our business. We believe leasing will continue to be an attractive form of aircraft financing for airlines because less cash and financing is required for the airlines, lessors maintain key delivery positions, and it provides fleet flexibility while eliminating residual value risk for lessees. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 
 We ended 2022 with available liquidity of 6.9 billion which is comprised of unrestricted cash of 0.8 billion and undrawn balances under our unsecured revolving credit facility of 6.1 billion. We finance the purchase of aircraft and our business operations using available cash balances, internally generated funds, including through aircraft sales and trading activity, and an array of financing products. We aim to maintain investment-grade credit metrics and focus our debt financing strategy on funding our business primarily on an unsecured basis with mostly fixed-rate debt from public bond offerings. Unsecured financing provides us with operational flexibility when selling or transitioning aircraft from one airline to another. We also have the ability to seek debt financing secured by our assets, as well as financings supported through the Export-Import Bank of the United States and other export credit agencies for future aircraft deliveries . We have also issued preferred stock with a total aggregate stated value of 850.0 million. Our access to a variety of financing alternatives including unsecured public bonds, private capital, bank debt, secured financings and preferred stock issuances serves as a key advantage in managing our liquidity. Aircraft delivery delays as a product of manufacturer delays are expected to further reduce our aircraft investment and debt financing needs for the next six to twelve months and potentially beyond. 
 
 We have a balanced approach to capital allocation based on the following priorities, ranked in order of importance: first, investing in modern, in-demand aircraft to profitably grow our core aircraft leasing business while maintaining strong fleet metrics and creating sustainable long-term shareholder value; second, maintaining our investment grade balance sheet utilizing unsecured debt as our primary form of financing; and finally, in lockstep with the aforementioned priorities, returning excess cash to shareholders through our dividend policy as well as regular evaluation of share repurchases, as appropriate. 
 
 We ended 2022 with total debt outstanding of 18.8 billion as of December 31, 2022, of which 91.3 was at a fixed rate and 99.3 was unsecured. As of December 31, 2022, our composite cost of funds raised through debt financings was 3.07 . 
 
 Material Cash Sources and Requirements 
 
 We believe that we have sufficient liquidity from available cash balances, cash generated from ongoing operations, available borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and general ability to access the capital markets for opportunistic public bond offerings to satisfy the operating requirements of our business through at least the next 12 months. Our long-term debt financing strategy is focused on continuing to raise primarily unsecured debt in the global bank and investment grade capital markets. Our material cash sources include: 
 
 Unrestricted cash: We ended 2022 with 766.4 million in unrestricted cash. 
 Lease cash flows: We ended 2022 with 31.4 billion in committed minimum future rental payments comprised of 15.6 billion in contracted minimum rental payments on the aircraft in our existing fleet and 15.8 billion in minimum future rental payments related to aircraft which will deliver between 2023 through 2028. These rental payments are a primary driver of our short and long-term operating cash flow. As of December 31, 2022, our minimum future rentals on non-cancellable operating leases for the next 12 months was 2.2 billion. For further detail on our minimum future rentals for 2023 and thereafter, see Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Unsecured revolving credit facility : As of February 16, 2023, our 7.4 billion revolving credit facility is currently syndicated across 54 financial institutions from various regions of the world, diversifying our reliance on any individual lending institution. The final maturity for the facility is May 2026. The facility contains standard investment grade covenants and does not condition our ability to borrow on the lack of a material adverse effect on us or the general economy. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.0 billion outstanding under our unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Senior unsecured bonds: We are a frequent issuer in the investment grade capital markets, opportunistically issuing unsecured bonds, primarily through our Medium-Term Note Program at attractive cost of funds. In 2022, we issued 2.2 billion of Medium-Term Notes with a weighted average interest rate of 3.59 and we expect to have continued access to the investment grade bond market in the future, although we anticipate that interest rates for issuances in the near term will continue to increase compared to those available in recent years. 
 Aircraft sales: Proceeds from the sale of aircraft help supplement our liquidity position. We expect to sell approximately 1.0 billion to 2.0 billion in aircraft for 2023 and have seen robust demand in the secondary market to support this aircraft sales program. 
 Other sources: In addition to the above, we generate liquidity through other sources of debt financing (including unsecured and secured bank term loans, export credit and private placements), issuances of preferred stock and cash received from security deposits and maintenance reserves from our lease agreements. 
 
 We experienced a low interest rate environment for many years prior to 2022. However, interest rates began to increase in 2022 due to tightening monetary policies of the U.S. and other countries due to inflation concerns, and we expect interest rates to remain elevated in 2023. A higher interest rate environment may adversely affect our businesses through increased borrowing costs, although this impact may be offset in whole or in part by a corresponding increase in our lease rates on new leases and overall demand for aircraft from our airline customers. Historically there has been a lag between a rise in interest rates and a corresponding increase in lease rates which is currently the case, although we expect lease rates will catch up with interest rate increases over time. Currently, the increased demand for our aircraft, combined with rising interest rates and inflation, has been serving to increase lease rates and we expect lease rates to continue to increase in 2023. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance in all material respects with the covenants contained in our debt agreements. While a ratings downgrade would not result in a default under any of our debt agreements, it could adversely affect our ability to issue debt and obtain new financings, or renew existing financings, and it would increase the interest rate applicable to certain of our financings. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Our material cash requirements are primarily for the purchase of aircraft and debt service payments, along with our general operating expenses. The amount of our cash requirements depends on a variety of factors, including, the ability of aircraft manufacturers to meet their contractual delivery obligations to us, the ability of our lessees to meet their contractual obligations with us, the timing of aircraft sales from our fleet, the timing and amount of our debt service obligations, potential aircraft acquisitions, and the general economic environment in which we operate. 
 
 Our material cash requirements as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total (in thousands) Long-term debt obligations 2,623,262 2,919,654 2,377,168 4,505,386 2,737,328 3,660,631 18,823,429 Interest payments on debt outstanding (1) 
 544,002 463,879 388,985 299,621 214,423 282,474 2,193,384 Purchase commitments (2) 
 6,224,490 6,273,338 4,104,896 3,892,013 2,479,676 2,563,355 25,537,768 Total 9,391,754 9,656,871 6,871,049 8,697,020 5,431,427 6,506,460 46,554,581 (1) Future interest payments on floating rate debt are estimated using floating rates in effect at December 31, 2022. (2) Purchase commitments reflect future Boeing and Airbus aircraft deliveries based on information currently available to us based on contractual documentation. 
 
 The actual delivery dates of the aircraft in our commitments table and expected time for payment of such aircraft may differ from our estimates and could be further impacted by the pace at which Boeing and Airbus can deliver aircraft, among other factors. As a result, the timing of our purchase commitments shown in the table above may not reflect when the aircraft investments are eventually made. For 2023, we expect to make between 4.0 billion and 5.0 billion in aircraft investments. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 The above table does not include any tax payments we may pay nor any dividends we may pay on our preferred stock or common stock. 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Our cash flow provided by operating activities increased by 0.4 or 5.3 million to 1.38 billion in 2022, as compared to 1.38 billion in 2021. Our cash flow provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 increased primarily due to the continued growth of our fleet and an increase in our cash collections as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Our cash flow used in investing activities was 3.4 billion and 3.1 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase which resulted primarily from the purchase of aircraft. Our cash flow provided by financing activities was 1.7 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to the issuance of debt, net of debt repayments, related in part to the acquisition of aircraft investments. 

Debt 
 
 Our debt financing was comprised of the following as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (U.S. dollars in thousands, except percentages) Unsecured Senior notes 17,095,116 16,892,058 Revolving credit facility 1,020,000 Term financings 582,950 167,000 Total unsecured debt financing 18,698,066 17,059,058 Secured Term financings 113,717 126,660 Export credit financing 11,646 18,301 Total secured debt financing 125,363 144,961 Total debt financing 18,823,429 17,204,019 Less: Debt discounts and issuance costs (182,366) (181,539) Debt financing, net of discounts and issuance costs 18,641,063 17,022,480 Selected interest rates and ratios: Composite interest rate (1) 
 3.07 2.79 Composite interest rate on fixed rate debt (1) 
 2.98 2.90 Percentage of total debt at a fixed-rate 91.34 94.80 (1) This rate does not include the effect of upfront fees, facility fees, undrawn fees or amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs. 
 
 Public senior unsecured notes (including Medium-Term Note Program) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 17.1 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes outstanding, all of which have been registered with the SEC and with remaining terms ranging from less than one month to 9.04 years and bearing interest at fixed rates ranging from 0.70 to 5.85 . As of December 31, 2021, we had 16.9 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes outstanding bearing interest at fixed rates ranging from 0.70 to 4.625 , with two notes bearing interest at a floating rate of three-month LIBOR plus 0.35 and a floating rate of LIBOR plus 1.125 . 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued 2.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of Medium-Term Notes comprised of (i) 750.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.20 Medium-Term Notes due 2027, (ii) 750.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.875 Medium-Term Notes due 2032, and (iii) 700.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.85 Medium-Term Notes due 2027. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 In January 2023, we issued 700.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Medium-Term Notes due 2028 bearing interest at a fixed rate of 5.30 . 
 
 All of our fixed rate senior unsecured notes may be redeemed at our option in part or in full at any time and from time to time prior to maturity at the redemption prices specified in such senior unsecured notes. Our senior unsecured notes also require us to offer to purchase all of the notes at a purchase price equal to 101 of the principal amount of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest if a change of control repurchase event (as defined in the applicable indenture or supplemental indenture) occurs. 
 
 Each of the indentures and the applicable supplemental indentures (collectively the indentures governing these senior unsecured notes requires us to comply with certain covenants, including restrictions on our ability to (i) incur liens on assets and (ii) merge, consolidate or transfer all or substantially all of our assets. 
 
 The covenants contained in all of the indentures governing our public senior unsecured notes are subject to certain exceptions and qualifications set forth in the applicable indenture. In addition, the indentures governing all of our public senior unsecured notes outstanding as of December 31, 2022 also provide for customary events of default. If any event of default occurs, any amount then outstanding under the relevant indentures may immediately become due and payable. These events of default are subject to certain exceptions and qualifications set forth in the indentures. 
 
 On May 7, 2021, we renewed and refreshed our Medium-Term Note Program, under which we may issue, from time to time, up to 15.0 billion of debt securities designated as our Medium-Term Notes, Series A. All of our senior unsecured notes issued since 2019 have consisted of Medium-Term Notes, Series A, issued under our Medium-Term Note Program. As of February 16, 2023, we had 9.2 billion remaining capacity under our Medium-Term Note Program. 
 
 Unsecured revolving credit facility 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.0 billion outstanding under our unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). As of December 31, 2021, we did not have any amounts outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are used to finance our working capital needs in the ordinary course of business and for other general corporate purposes. 
 
 In April 2022, we amended and extended our Revolving Credit Facility through an amendment that, among other things, extended the final maturity date from May 5, 2025 to May 5, 2026, increased the total revolving commitments to approximately 7.0 billion as of May 5, 2022 and replaced LIBOR with Term SOFR as the benchmark interest rate and made certain conforming changes related thereto. As of December 31, 2022, borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility accrued interest at Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility) plus a margin of 1.05 per year. We are required to pay a facility fee of 0.20 per year in respect of total commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility. Interest rate and facility fees are subject to increases or decreases based on declines or improvements in the credit ratings for our debt. 
 
 In June 2022, we increased the aggregate facility capacity by an additional 122.5 million and also extended the maturity of 125.0 million in commitments to May 5, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, we had total revolving commitments of approximately 7.1 billion. Lenders held revolving commitments totaling approximately 6.7 billion that mature on May 5, 2026, commitments totaling 32.5 million that mature on May 5, 2025 and commitments totaling 375.0 million that mature on May 5, 2023. 
 
 The Revolving Credit Facility provides for certain covenants, including covenants that limit our subsidiaries ability to incur, create, or assume certain unsecured indebtedness, and our subsidiaries abilities to engage in certain mergers, consolidations, and asset sales. The Revolving Credit Facility also requires us to comply with certain financial maintenance covenants including minimum consolidated shareholders equity, minimum consolidated unencumbered assets, and an interest coverage test. In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility contains customary events of default. In the case of an event of default, the lenders may terminate the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility and require immediate repayment of all outstanding borrowings. 
 
 In January 2023, we entered into a new lender supplement which increased the aggregate facility capacity by 250.0 million to approximately 7.4 billion. The additional 250.0 million in commitments is set to mature on May 5, 2026. 
 
 Other debt financings 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 From time to time, we enter into other debt financings such as unsecured term financings and secured term financings, including export credit. 
 
 In 2022, we entered into three additional unsecured term facilities, aggregating 500.0 million with terms of five years and with one facility bearing interest at a fixed rate of 2.72 per annum and two facilities bearing interest at a floating rate of SOFR plus 1.40 to SOFR plus 1.45 . 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance on all other debt financings was 708.3 million and we had pledged three aircraft as collateral with a net book value of 212.1 million. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance on other debt financings was 312.0 million and we had pledged three aircraft as collateral with a net book value of 222.2 million. 
 
 Preferred equity 
 
 On March 5, 2019, we issued 10,000,000 shares of 6.15 Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (the Series A Preferred Stock ), 0.01 par value, with an aggregate liquidation preference of 250.0 million 25 per share). See Item 8. Financial Statements Note 5, Shareholders Equity, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 for a discussion of the Series A Preferred Stock dividend rate. We may redeem shares of the Series A Preferred Stock at our option, in whole or in part, from time to time, on or after March 15, 2024, for cash at a redemption price equal to 25.00 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. We may also redeem shares of the Series A Preferred Stock at our option under certain other limited conditions. The Series A Preferred Stock ranks on a parity with the Series B and Series C Preferred Stock. 
 
 On March 2, 2021, we issued 300,000 shares of 4.65 Fixed Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B (the Series B Preferred Stock ), 0.01 par value, with an aggregate liquidation preference of 300.0 million 1,000 per share). We will pay dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock only when, as and if declared by our board of directors. Dividends will accrue, on a non-cumulative basis, on the stated amount of 1,000 per share at a rate per annum equal to: (i) 4.65 through June 15, 2026, and payable quarterly in arrears beginning on June 15, 2021, and (ii) the Five-year U.S. Treasury Rate as of the applicable reset dividend determination date plus a spread of 4.076 per reset period from June 15, 2026 and reset every five years and payable quarterly in arrears. 
 
 We may redeem shares of the Series B Preferred Stock at our option, in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after June 15, 2026, for cash at a redemption price equal to 1,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. We may also redeem shares of the Series B Preferred Stock at our option under certain other limited conditions. The Series B Preferred Stock ranks on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock and the Series C Preferred Stock. 
 
 In October 2021, we issued 300,000 shares of 4.125 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C (the Series C Preferred Stock ), 0.01 par value, with an aggregate liquidation preference of 300.0 million 1,000 per share). We will pay dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock only when, as and if declared by our board of directors. Dividends will accrue, on a non-cumulative basis, on the stated amount of 1,000 per share at a rate per annum equal to: (i) 4.125 through December 15, 2026, and payable quarterly in arrears beginning on December 15, 2021, and (ii) the Five-year U.S. Treasury Rate as of the applicable reset dividend determination date plus a spread of 3.149 per reset period from December 15, 2026 and reset every five years and payable quarterly in arrears. 
 
 We may redeem shares of the Series C Preferred Stock at our option, in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after December 15, 2026, for cash at a redemption price equal to 1,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. We may also redeem shares of the Series C Preferred Stock at our option under certain other limited conditions. The Series C Preferred Stock ranks on a parity with the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock. 

43 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our preferred stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except for share amounts and percentages): 
 
 Shares Issued and Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Liquidation Preference as of December 31, 2022 Issue Date Dividend Rate in Effect at December 31, 2022 Next dividend rate reset date Dividend rate after reset date Series A 10,000,000 250,000 March 5, 2019 6.150 March 15, 2024 3M LIBOR plus 3.65 Series B 300,000 300,000 March 2, 2021 4.650 June 15, 2026 5 Yr U.S. Treasury plus 4.076 Series C 300,000 300,000 October 13, 2021 4.125 December 15, 2026 5 Yr U.S. Treasury plus 3.149 Total 10,600,000 850,000 
 
 The following table summarizes the quarterly cash dividends that we paid during the year ended December 31, 2022 on our outstanding Series A, Series B and Series C Preferred Stock (in thousands): 
 Payment Dates Title of each class March 15, 2022 June 15, 2022 September 15, 2022 December 15, 2022 Series A Preferred Stock 3,844 3,844 3,843 3,844 Series B Preferred Stock 3,487 3,487 3,488 3,488 Series C Preferred Stock 3,094 3,094 3,094 3,093 
 
 Off balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We have not established any unconsolidated entities for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or for other contractually narrow or limited purposes. We have, however, from time to time established subsidiaries or trusts for the purpose of leasing aircraft or facilitating borrowing arrangements which are consolidated. 
 
 We have non-controlling interests in two investment funds in which we own 9.5 of the equity of each fund. We account for our interest in these funds under the equity method of accounting due to our level of influence and involvement in the funds. Also, we manage aircraft that we have sold through our Thunderbolt platform. In connection with the sale of certain aircraft portfolios through our Thunderbolt platform, we hold non-controlling interests of approximately 5.0 in two entities. These investments are accounted for under the cost method of accounting. 
 
 Impact of LIBOR Transition 
 
 On March 5, 2021, the Chief Executive of the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, publicly announced that no new contracts using U.S. dollar LIBOR should be entered into after December 31, 2021, and that publication of certain tenors of U.S. dollar LIBOR (including overnight and one, three, six and 12 months) will permanently cease after June 30, 2023. In the United States, efforts to identify a set of alternative U.S. dollar reference interest rates are ongoing, and the Alternative Reference Rate Committee ARRC has recommended the use of a Secured Overnight Funding Rate SOFR ). SOFR is different from LIBOR in that it is a backward-looking secured rate rather than a forward-looking unsecured rate. For cash products and loans, the ARRC has also recommended Term SOFR, which is a forward-looking SOFR based on SOFR futures and may in part reduce differences between SOFR and LIBOR. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 85.6 million of floating rate debt outstanding that used either one or three-month LIBOR as the applicable reference rate to calculate the interest on such debt, of which 71.5 million is set to mature after June 30, 2023 and does not have an effective amendment in place transitioning from LIBOR. Additionally, our perpetual Series A Preferred Stock is set to accrue dividends at a floating rate determined by reference to three-month LIBOR, if available, beginning March 15, 2024. While all of our agreements governing LIBOR-linked debt obligations and Series A Preferred Stock obligations that are set to mature after June 30, 2023 contain LIBOR transition fallback provisions, the lack of a standard market practice and inconsistency in fallback provisions in recent years is reflected across the agreements governing our floating rate debt and Series A Preferred Stock. For our Series A Preferred Stock, if we determine there is no such alternative reference rate as of March 15, 2024, then we must select an independent financial advisor to determine a substitute rate for LIBOR, and if an independent financial advisor cannot determine an 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 alternative reference rate, the dividend rate, business day convention and manner of calculating dividends applicable during the fixed-rate period of the Series A Preferred Stock will be in effect. 
 
 In April 2022, we amended and extended our Revolving Credit Facility through an amendment that, among other things, replaced LIBOR with Term SOFR as the benchmark interest rate. After that amendment, borrowings under the amended Revolving Credit Facility accrue interest at Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility), plus a margin of 1.05 per year subject to increases or decreases based on declines or improvements in the credit ratings for our debt. 
 
 The implementation of a substitute reference rate for the calculation of interest rates under our LIBOR linked debt and Series A Preferred Stock obligations may cause us to incur expenses in effecting the transition and may result in disputes with our lenders or holders of Series A Preferred Stock over the appropriateness or comparability to LIBOR of the substitute reference rate selected. However, we do not expect the LIBOR transition impact will have a material effect on our financial results based on our anticipated LIBOR linked outstanding debt and Series A Preferred Stock at June 30, 2023. 
 
 Credit Ratings 
 
 In December 2022, Fitch Ratings reaffirmed our corporate rating, long-term debt credit rating and outlook. Our investment-grade corporate and long-term debt credit ratings help us to lower our cost of funds and broaden our access to attractively priced capital. The following table summarizes our current credit ratings: 

Rating Agency Long-term Debt Corporate Rating Outlook Date of Last Ratings Action Kroll Bond Ratings 
 A- A- Stable March 25, 2022 Standard and Poor's 
 BBB BBB Stable April 21, 2022 Fitch Ratings 
 BBB BBB Stable December 19, 2022 
 While a ratings downgrade would not result in a default under any of our debt agreements, it could adversely affect our ability to issue debt and obtain new financings, or renew existing financings, and it would increase the interest rate applicable to certain of our financings. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts and percentages) Revenues Rental of flight equipment 2,214,508 2,003,337 1,946,620 Aircraft sales, trading, and other 102,794 85,052 68,819 Total revenues 2,317,302 2,088,389 2,015,439 Expenses Interest 492,924 462,396 431,733 Amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs 53,254 50,620 43,025 Interest expense 546,178 513,016 474,758 Depreciation of flight equipment 965,955 882,562 780,691 Write-off of Russian fleet, net of recoveries 771,476 Selling, general, and administrative 156,855 125,279 95,684 Stock-based compensation expense 15,603 26,516 17,628 Total expenses 2,456,067 1,547,373 1,368,761 (Loss)/income before taxes (138,765) 541,016 646,678 Income tax expense 
 41,741 (104,384) (130,414) Net (loss)/income (97,024) 436,632 516,264 Preferred stock dividends (41,700) (28,473) (15,375) Net (loss)/income attributable to common stockholders (138,724) 408,159 500,889 Earnings per share of common stock 
 Basic 
 (1.24) 3.58 4.41 Diluted 
 (1.24) 3.57 4.39 Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding 
 Basic 
 111,626,508 114,050,578 113,684,782 Diluted 
 111,626,508 114,446,093 114,014,021 Other financial data Pre-tax margin (6.0) 25.9 32.1 Adjusted net income before income taxes (1) 
 659,868 589,679 691,956 Adjusted pre-tax margin (1) 
 28.5 28.2 34.3 Adjusted diluted earnings per share before income taxes (1) 
 5.89 5.15 6.07 Pre-tax return on common equity (3.0) 8.6 11.3 Adjusted pre-tax return on common equity (1) 
 11.0 9.8 12.4 
 (1) Adjusted net income before income taxes (defined as net income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders excluding the effects of certain non-cash items, one-time or non-recurring items, such as write-offs of our Russian fleet, that are not expected to continue in the future and certain other items), adjusted pre-tax margin (defined as adjusted net income before income taxes divided by total revenues), adjusted diluted earnings per share before income taxes (defined as adjusted net income before income taxes divided by the weighted average diluted common shares outstanding) and adjusted pre-tax return on common equity (defined as adjusted net income before income taxes divided by average common shareholders equity) are measures of operating performance that are not defined by GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income/(loss) attributable to common stockholders, pre-tax margin, earnings/(loss) per share, diluted earnings/(loss) per share and pre-tax return on common equity, or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted net income before income taxes, adjusted 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 pre-tax margin, adjusted diluted earnings per share before income taxes and adjusted pre-tax return on common equity are presented as supplemental disclosure because management believes they provide useful information on our earnings from ongoing operations. 
 
 Management and our board of directors use adjusted net income before income taxes, adjusted pre-tax margin, adjusted diluted earnings per share before income taxes and adjusted pre-tax return on common equity to assess our consolidated financial and operating performance. Management believes these measures are helpful in evaluating the operating performance of our ongoing operations and identifying trends in our performance, because they remove the effects of certain non-cash items, one-time or non-recurring items that are not expected to continue in the future and certain other items from our operating results. Adjusted net income before income taxes, adjusted pre-tax margin, adjusted diluted earnings per share before income taxes and adjusted pre-tax return on common equity, however, should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our operating results or cash flows as reported under GAAP. Adjusted net income before income taxes, adjusted pre-tax margin, adjusted diluted earnings per share before income taxes and adjusted pre-tax return on common equity do not reflect our cash expenditures or changes in our cash requirements for our working capital needs. In addition, our calculation of adjusted net income before income taxes, adjusted pre-tax margin, adjusted diluted earnings per share before income taxes and adjusted pre-tax return on common equity may differ from the adjusted net income before income taxes, adjusted pre-tax margin, adjusted diluted earnings per share before income taxes and adjusted pre-tax return on common equity, or analogous calculations of other companies in our industry, limiting their usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 
 The following table shows the reconciliation of the numerator for adjusted pre-tax margin (in thousands, except percentages): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (unaudited) Reconciliation of the numerator for adjusted pre-tax margin (net (loss)/income attributable to common stockholders to adjusted net income before income taxes): Net (loss)/income attributable to common stockholders (138,724) 408,159 500,889 Amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs 53,254 50,620 43,025 Write-off of Russian fleet, net of recoveries 771,476 Stock-based compensation expense 15,603 26,516 17,628 Income tax (benefit)/expense (41,741) 104,384 130,414 Adjusted net income before income taxes 659,868 589,679 691,956 Denominator for adjusted pre-tax margin: Total revenues 2,317,302 2,088,389 2,015,439 Adjusted pre-tax margin (a) 
 28.5 28.2 34.3 (a) Adjusted pre-tax margin is adjusted net income before income taxes divided by total revenues 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows the reconciliation of the numerator for adjusted diluted earnings per share before income taxes (in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Reconciliation of the numerator for adjusted diluted earnings per share (net (loss)/income attributable to common stockholders to adjusted net income before income taxes): Net (loss)/income attributable to common stockholders (138,724) 408,159 500,889 Amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs 53,254 50,620 43,025 Write-off of Russian fleet, net of recoveries 771,476 Stock-based compensation expense 15,603 26,516 17,628 Income tax (benefit)/expense (41,741) 104,384 130,414 Adjusted net income before income taxes 659,868 589,679 691,956 Denominator for adjusted diluted earnings per share: Weighted-average diluted common shares outstanding 111,626,508 114,446,093 114,014,021 Potentially dilutive securities, whose effect would have been anti-dilutive 361,186 Adjusted weighted-average diluted common shares outstanding 111,987,694 114,446,093 114,014,021 Adjusted diluted earnings per share before income taxes (b) 
 5.89 5.15 6.07 (b) Adjusted diluted earnings per share before income taxes is adjusted net income before income taxes divided by adjusted weighted-average diluted common shares outstanding 

48 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows the reconciliation of pre-tax return on common equity to adjusted pre-tax return on common equity (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (unaudited) Reconciliation of the numerator for adjusted pre-tax return on common equity (net (loss)/income attributable to common stockholders to adjusted net income before income taxes): Net (loss)/income attributable to common stockholders (138,724) 408,159 500,889 Amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs 53,254 50,620 43,025 Write-off of Russian fleet, net of recoveries 771,476 Stock-based compensation expense 15,603 26,516 17,628 Income tax (benefit)/expense (41,741) 104,384 130,414 Adjusted net income before income taxes 659,868 589,679 691,956 Reconciliation of denominator for pre-tax return on common equity to adjusted pre-tax return on common equity: Common shareholders' equity as of beginning of the period 6,158,568 5,822,341 5,373,544 Common shareholders' equity as of end of the period 5,796,363 6,158,568 5,822,341 Average common shareholders' equity 5,977,466 5,990,455 5,597,943 Adjusted pre-tax return on common equity (c) 
 11.0 9.8 12.4 (c) Adjusted pre-tax return on common equity is adjusted net income before income taxes divided by average common shareholders equity 
 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 
 Rental revenue 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded 2.2 billion in rental revenue, which included overhaul revenue, net of amortization expense related to initial direct costs of 29.2 million, as compared to 2.0 billion in rental revenue, which included amortization expense related to initial direct costs, net of overhaul revenue of 2.3 million, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our flight equipment subject to operating leases increased to 407 aircraft with a net book value of 24.5 billion as of December 31, 2022 from 381 aircraft with a net book value of 22.9 billion as of December 31, 2021. The increase in rental revenue was primarily driven by the continued growth in our fleet and significantly lower COVID-19 related lease restructuring and cash basis losses, partially offset by the loss of revenue from the termination of our leasing activities in Russia. 
 
 Aircraft sales, trading, and other revenue 
 
 Aircraft sales, trading, and other revenue totaled 102.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 85.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded 48.0 million in gains from the sale of six aircraft and nine sales-type lease transactions and 17.9 million in forfeiture of security deposit income from the termination of our leasing activities in Russia in the current year period. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a 34.0 million in revenue recognized from the sale to a third party of certain unsecured claims related to Aeromexico s insolvency proceedings, and 24.0 million from the sale of three aircraft and one sales-type lease transaction. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Interest expense 
 
 Interest expense totaled 546.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 513.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our interest expense increased due to an increase in our average debt balance and an increase in our composite cost of funds as compared to the prior year. Due to the rising interest rate environment, we expect our interest expense will continue to increase as our average debt balance outstanding and our composite cost of funds each increase in the future. 
 
 Depreciation expense 
 
 We recorded 966.0 million in depreciation expense of flight equipment for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 882.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in depreciation expense for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily attributable to the growth of our fleet during the last twelve months. We expect our depreciation expense to increase as we continue to add aircraft to our fleet. 
 
 Write-off of Russian fleet 
 
 As further described above under Impact of Russia-Ukraine Conflict in March 2022 we terminated all of our leasing activities in Russia. As of February 16, 2023, 20 aircraft in our owned fleet and six aircraft in our managed fleet remain in Russia. While we or the respective managed platform maintain title to the 26 aircraft, we determined that it is unlikely we or they will regain possession of the aircraft that have not been returned and that were detained in Russia. As such, during the three months ended March 31, 2022, we recorded a write-off of our interests in our owned and managed fleet that were detained in Russia, totaling approximately 802.4 million. 
 
 In October 2022, one Boeing 737-8 MAX aircraft that was detained in Russia was returned to us and, as a result, in the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded the aircraft in our owned fleet at fair value to Flight equipment subject to operating lease on our consolidated balance sheet with a corresponding offset to the write-off line item in our statement of operations of 30.9 million. We do not currently anticipate the return of any other aircraft that are detained in Russia. 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 
 We recorded stock-based compensation expense of 15.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to stock-based compensation expense of 26.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in stock-based compensation relates to reductions in the underlying vesting estimates of certain book value performance-based restricted stock units as the performance criteria are no longer considered probable of being achieved. 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 
 
 We recorded selling, general, and administrative expenses of 156.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 125.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to the increase in business activity, increased expenses related to insurance premiums and the transition of aircraft. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we renewed our aviation insurance policies which resulted in an annualized increase in our premiums of approximately 16.0 million. We expect an increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses due to higher inflation, increased aviation insurance premiums, and increased business activity. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue increased to 6.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 6.0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Taxes 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an income tax benefit of 41.7 million, as compared to 104.4 million in income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2021. The effective tax rate for 2022 was 30.1 as compared to an effective tax rate of 19.3 for 2021. Changes in the tax rate were primarily driven by the write-off of our interests in aircraft that are detained in Russia. Our effective tax rate would have been 19.5 if we excluded the impact of the write-off of our Russian fleet. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Net loss/income attributable to common stockholders 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported consolidated net loss attributable to common stockholders of 138.7 million, or net loss of 1.24 per diluted share, compared to a consolidated net income attributable to common stockholders of 408.2 million, or 3.57 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Despite the growth of our fleet, our net income attributable to common stockholders and diluted earnings per share decreased due to the impact of the write-off of our Russian fleet. 
 
 Adjusted net income before income taxes 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our adjusted net income before income taxes was 659.9 million, or 5.89 per adjusted diluted share, compared to an adjusted net income before income taxes of 589.7 million, or 5.15 per adjusted diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our adjusted net income before income taxes and adjusted diluted earnings per share before income taxes increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily due to the continued growth of our fleet and the increase in revenues as discussed above. 
 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 
 Rental revenue 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded 2.0 billion in rental revenue, which included amortization expense related to initial direct costs, net of overhaul revenue of 2.3 million, as compared to 1.95 billion, which included amortization expense related to initial direct costs, net of overhaul revenue of 31.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Our owned fleet increased to 382 aircraft with a net book value of 22.9 billion as of December 31, 2021 from 332 aircraft with a net book value of 20.4 billion as of December 31, 2020. The increase in total revenues was primarily driven by the growth in our fleet and an increase in our cash collections. The impact of cash basis accounting and lease restructurings for the year ended December 31, 2021 resulted in a decrease in revenue of 72.7 million and 132.5 million, respectively. 
 
 Aircraft sales, trading, and other revenue 
 
 Aircraft sales, trading, and other revenue totaled 85.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 68.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded approximately 24.0 million related to the sale of three aircraft and one sales-type lease. In addition, we recorded approximately 34.0 million in gains related to the sale to a third party of certain unsecured claims related to Aeromexico s insolvency proceedings. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded approximately 31.1 million related to lease termination fees and the sale of eight aircraft and also recorded 14.0 million in other revenue related to the repurchase of 206.1 million in senior notes. 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 Interest expense totaled 513.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 474.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to an increase in our aggregate debt balance driven by the growth of our fleet and the increase in our liquidity position, partially offset by a decrease in our composite interest rate. We ended the year with 7.9 billion in available liquidity. We expect that our interest expense will increase as our average debt balance outstanding continues to increase. We also expect that the rising interest rate environment could lead to an increase in our composite cost of funds, which would increase our interest expense. 
 
 Depreciation expense 
 
 We recorded 882.6 million in depreciation expense of flight equipment for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 780.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in depreciation expense for 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily attributable to the growth of our fleet during the last twelve months. 

51 

Table of Contents 

 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 
 
 We recorded selling, general, and administrative expenses of 125.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 95.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Selling, general, and administrative expense as a percentage of total revenue increased to 6.0 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 4.7 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to the increase in business activity and increased expenses related to transition of aircraft. 
 
 Taxes 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, we reported an effective tax rate of 19.3 and 20.2 , respectively. Changes in the tax rate were primarily driven by variances in permanent items. 
 
 Net income available to common stockholders 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we reported consolidated net income available to common stockholders of 408.2 million, or 3.57 per diluted share, compared to a consolidated net income available to common stockholders of 500.9 million, or 4.39 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2020. Despite the growth of our fleet, our net income available to common stockholders and diluted earnings per share decreased due to the impact of lease restructurings and cash basis accounting. 
 
 Adjusted net income before income taxes 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded adjusted net income before income taxes of 589.7 million, or 5.15 per diluted share, compared to an adjusted net income before income taxes of 692.0 million, or 6.07 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2020. Our adjusted net income before income taxes and adjusted diluted earnings per share before income taxes decreased for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to the impact of lease restructurings and cash basis accounting. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 We believe the following critical accounting estimates can have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial position, and financial statement disclosures, and may require subjective and complex estimates and judgments. 
 
 Flight equipment 
 
 Flight equipment under operating lease is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Purchases, major additions and modifications, and interest on deposits during the construction phase are capitalized. We generally depreciate passenger aircraft on a straight-line basis over a 25-year life from the date of manufacture to a 15 residual value. Changes in the assumption of useful lives or residual values for aircraft could have a significant impact on our results of operations and financial condition. At the time flight equipment is retired or sold, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the related accounts and the difference, net of proceeds, is recorded as a gain or loss. 
 
 Major aircraft improvements and modifications incurred during an off-lease period are capitalized and depreciated over the remaining life of the flight equipment. In addition, costs paid by us for scheduled maintenance and overhauls are capitalized and depreciated over a period to the next scheduled maintenance or overhaul event. Miscellaneous repairs are expensed when incurred. 
 
 Our management team evaluates on a quarterly basis the need to perform an impairment test whenever facts or circumstances indicate a potential impairment has occurred. An assessment is performed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an aircraft may not be recoverable. Recoverability of an aircraft s carrying amount is measured by comparing the carrying amount of the aircraft to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the aircraft. The undiscounted cash flows consist of cash flows from currently contracted leases, future projected lease rates, and estimated residual or scrap values for each aircraft. We develop assumptions used in the recoverability analysis based on our knowledge of active lease contracts, current and future expectations of the global demand for a particular aircraft type, potential for alternative use of aircraft and historical experience in the aircraft leasing market and aviation industry, as well as information received from third-party industry sources. The factors considered in estimating the undiscounted cash flows are affected by changes in future periods due to changes in contracted 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 lease rates, economic conditions, technology, and airline demand for a particular aircraft type. In the event that an aircraft does not meet the recoverability test and the aircraft s carrying amount falls below estimated values from third-party industry sources, the aircraft will be recorded at fair value in accordance with our Fair Value Policy, resulting in an impairment charge. Deterioration of future lease rates and the residual values of our aircraft could result in impairment charges which could have a significant impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We record flight equipment at fair value if we determine the carrying value may not be recoverable. We principally use the income approach to measure the fair value of aircraft. The income approach is based on the present value of cash flows from contractual lease agreements and projected future lease payments, including contingent rentals, net of expenses, which extend to the end of the aircraft s economic life in its highest and best use configuration, as well as a disposition value based on expectations of market participants. These valuations are considered Level 3 valuations, as the valuations contain significant non-observable inputs. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market risk represents the risk of changes in the value of a financial instrument, caused by fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. Changes in these factors could cause fluctuations in our results of operations and cash flows. We are exposed to the market risks described below. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 The nature of our business exposes us to market risk arising from changes in interest rates. Changes, both increases and decreases, in our cost of borrowing, as reflected in our composite interest rate, directly impact our net income. Lease rates, and therefore our revenue from a lease, are generally fixed over the life of our leases. While our floating-rate debt balances have fluctuated in recent years, we have some exposure to changing interest rates as a result of our floating-rate debt, primarily from our revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 1.6 billion and 0.9 billion, in floating-rate debt outstanding, respectively. Additionally, we have outstanding preferred stock with an aggregate stated amount of 850.0 million that currently pays dividends at a fixed rate, but will alternate to paying dividends based on a floating rate or be reset to a new fixed rate based on the then-applicable floating rate, after five years from initial issuance. If interest rates continue to increase, as they did throughout 2022, we would be obligated to make higher interest payments to our lenders, and eventually, higher dividend payments to the holders of our preferred stock. If we incur significant fixed-rate debt in the future, increased interest rates prevailing in the market at the time of the incurrence of such debt would also increase our interest expense. If the composite interest rate on our outstanding floating rate debt was to increase by 1.0 , we would expect to incur additional annual interest expense on our existing indebtedness of approximately 16.3 million and 9.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, which would put downward pressure on our operating margins. As noted above, we also have risk related to the impact of the transition from LIBOR. See the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Debt Impact of LIBOR Transition. 
 
 We also have interest rate risk on our forward lease placements. This is caused by us setting a fixed lease rate in advance of the delivery date of an aircraft. The delivery date is when a majority of the financing for an aircraft is arranged. To partially mitigate the risk of an increasing interest rate environment between the lease signing date and the delivery date of the aircraft, a majority of our forward lease contracts have manufacturer escalation protection and/or interest rate adjusters which would adjust the final lease rate upward or downward based on changes in the consumer price index or certain benchmark interest rates, respectively, at the time of delivery of the aircraft as compared to the lease signing date, subject to an outside limit on such adjustments. 
 
 Foreign Exchange Rate Risk 
 
 We attempt to minimize currency and exchange risks by entering into aircraft purchase agreements and a majority of lease agreements and debt agreements with U.S. dollars as the designated payment currency. Thus, most of our revenue and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars. Approximately 0.2 and 0.5 of our lease revenues were denominated in foreign currency as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Approximately 1.6 and 1.8 of our debt obligations were denominated in foreign currency as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; however, the exposure of such debt has been effectively hedged as described below. As our principal currency is the U.S. dollar, fluctuations in the U.S. dollar as compared to other major currencies should not have a significant impact on our future operating results. However, many of our lessees are exposed to currency risk due to the fact that they earn revenues in their local currencies while a significant portion of their liabilities and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars, including their lease payments to us, as well as fuel, debt service, and other expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, more than 95 of our revenues were derived from customers who have their principal place of business outside 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 the U.S. and most leases designated payment currency is U.S. dollars. The ability of our lessees to make lease payments to us in U.S. dollars may be adversely impacted in the event the U.S. dollar continues to appreciate, as it did in 2022. 
 
 In December 2019, we issued C 400.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.625 notes due 2024. We effectively hedged our foreign currency exposure on this transaction through a cross-currency swap that converts the borrowing rate to a fixed 2.535 U.S. dollar denominated rate. See Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details on the fair value of the swap. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Air Lease Corporation 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Contents Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 
 56 
 Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive (Loss)/Income 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 63 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 64 

55 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Air Lease Corporation: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Air Lease Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income/(loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Assessment of the carrying value of flight equipment subject to operating leases 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s assessment of the carrying value of flight equipment is performed on an aircraft by aircraft basis and is measured by comparing the carrying amount of the individual aircraft to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that aircraft. The future undiscounted cash flows consist of cash flows from currently contracted leases, future projected lease rates, and estimated residual value for each aircraft. The Company develops assumptions used in the recoverability analysis based on the knowledge of active lease contracts, current and future expectations of the global demand for a particular aircraft type, potential for alternative use of aircraft and historical experience in the aircraft leasing market and aviation industry, as well as information received from third-party industry sources. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 The net book value of flight equipment subject to operating leases as of December 31, 2022 was 24.5 billion, which included 407 aircraft. 
 
 We identified the assessment of the carrying value of certain flight equipment subject to operating leases as a critical audit matter. Challenging and subjective auditor judgment was required in assessing the future undiscounted cash flows on certain aircraft. Specifically, key assumptions included future projected leases and residual values. Changes to these key assumptions could have an effect on the Company s impairment analysis. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the internal controls related to the Company s impairment assessment of flight equipment, including controls related to the development of cash flows for aircraft. We recalculated the future undiscounted cash flows for certain aircraft using a combination of executed third-party lease contracts, internal data, and other third-party data. We evaluated the Company s cash flows from future projected leases by comparing the cash flows from future projected leases for a specific aircraft type to actual leases currently obtained for that aircraft type. In addition, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in (1) evaluating the residual value of these aircraft used by the Company by comparing to an independently determined value; (2) evaluating certain future lease rates used by the Company by comparing to available market data and industry knowledge. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 
 
 Irvine, California 
 February 16, 2023 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Air Lease Corporation: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Air Lease Corporation and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income/(loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Irvine, California 
 February 16, 2023 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Air Lease Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except share and par value amounts) Assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Flight equipment subject to operating leases Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Deposits on flight equipment purchases Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Accrued interest and other payables Debt financing, net of discounts and issuance costs Security deposits and maintenance reserves on flight equipment leases Rentals received in advance Deferred tax liability Total liabilities Shareholders Equity Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; (aggregate liquidation preference of shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Class B Non-Voting common stock, par value; authorized shares; shares issued or outstanding 
 Paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 (See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Air Lease Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) Revenues Rental of flight equipment Aircraft sales, trading, and other Total revenues Expenses Interest Amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs Interest expense Depreciation of flight equipment Write-off of Russian fleet, net of recoveries Selling, general, and administrative Stock-based compensation expense Total expenses (Loss)/income before taxes ) Income tax benefit/(expense) ) ) Net (loss)/income ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Net (loss)/income attributable to common stockholders Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Change in fair value of hedged transactions ) ) Total tax (expense)/benefit on other comprehensive income/loss ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax ) Total comprehensive (loss)/income attributable for common stockholders ) Earnings per share of common stock: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding Basic Diluted Dividends declared per share of common stock 
 (See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Air Lease Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred Stock Class A Common Stock Class B Non Voting Common Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss)/Income Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Total (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options and vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation expense Cash dividends (declared per share) 
 ) ) Preferred dividends ) ) Change in foreign currency translation adjustment and in fair value of hedged transactions, net of tax Tax withholdings on stock based compensation ) ) ) ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2020 Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Issuance of preferred stock Stock-based compensation expense Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) Cash dividends (declared per share) 
 ) ) Cash dividends (declared on preferred stock) ) ) Change in foreign currency translation adjustment and in fair value of hedged transactions, net of tax ) ) Tax withholdings on stock-based compensation ) ) ) ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Cash dividends (declared per share) 
 ) ) Cash dividends (declared on preferred stock) ) ) Change in foreign currency translation adjustment and in fair value of hedged transactions, net of tax Tax withholdings on stock based-compensation ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 (See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Air Lease Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 (in thousands) Operating Activities Net (loss)/income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss)/income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation of flight equipment Write-off of Russian fleet, net of recoveries Stock-based compensation expense Deferred taxes ) Amortization of prepaid lease costs Amortization of discounts and debt issuance costs Gain on aircraft sales, trading and other activity ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Other assets ) ) ) Accrued interest and other payables ) Rentals received in advance ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Acquisition of flight equipment under operating lease ) ) ) Payments for deposits on flight equipment purchases ) ) ) Proceeds from aircraft sales, trading and other activity Acquisition of aircraft furnishings, equipment and other assets ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options Net proceeds from preferred stock issuance Cash dividends paid on Class A common stock ) ) ) Common shares repurchased ) ) Cash dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) ) Tax withholdings on stock-based compensation ) ) ) Net change in unsecured revolving facilities ) Proceeds from debt financings Payments in reduction of debt financings ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Security deposits and maintenance reserve receipts Security deposits and maintenance reserve disbursements ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information Cash paid during the period for interest, including capitalized interest of , and at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental Disclosure of Noncash Activities Buyer furnished equipment, capitalized interest and deposits on flight equipment purchases applied to acquisition of flight equipment Cash dividends declared on common stock, not yet paid 
 (See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Air Lease Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. 
 
 aircraft, managed aircraft and had aircraft on order with aircraft manufacturers. In addition to its leasing activities, the Company sells aircraft from its fleet to third parties, including other leasing companies, financial services companies, airlines and other investors. The Company also provides fleet management services to investors and owners of aircraft portfolios for a management fee. 

64 

Table of Contents 

Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 
 -year life from the date of manufacture to a residual value. Changes in the assumption of useful lives or residual values for aircraft could have a significant impact on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Major aircraft improvements and modifications incurred during an off-lease period are capitalized and depreciated over the lesser of the remaining life of the flight equipment or the aircraft improvement. In addition, costs paid by us for scheduled 
 65 

Table of Contents 

types of provisions in its leases: (i) end of lease return conditions EOL Leases or (ii) periodic maintenance payments MR Leases ). 
 
 (i) EOL Leases 
 
 Under EOL Leases, the lessee is obligated to comply with certain return conditions which require the lessee to perform maintenance on the aircraft or make cash compensation payments at the end of the lease to bring the aircraft into a specified maintenance condition. 
 
 Maintenance right assets in EOL Leases represent the difference in value between the contractual right to receive an aircraft in an improved maintenance condition as compared to the maintenance condition on the acquisition date. Maintenance right liabilities exist in EOL Leases if, on the acquisition date, the maintenance condition of the aircraft is greater than the contractual return condition in the lease and the Company is required to pay the lessee in cash for the improved maintenance condition. Maintenance right assets are recorded as a component of Flight equipment subject to operating leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 When the Company has recorded maintenance right assets with respect to EOL Leases, the following accounting scenarios exist: (i) the aircraft is returned at lease expiry in the contractually specified maintenance condition without any cash payment to the Company by the lessee, the maintenance right asset is relieved, and an aircraft improvement is recorded to the extent the improvement is substantiated and deemed to meet the Company s capitalization policy; (ii) the lessee pays the Company cash compensation at lease expiry in excess of the value of the maintenance right asset, the maintenance right asset is relieved, and any excess is recognized as end of lease income; or (iii) the lessee pays the Company cash compensation at lease expiry that is less than the value of the maintenance right asset, the cash is applied to the maintenance right asset, and the balance of such asset is relieved and recorded as an aircraft improvement to the extent the improvement is substantiated and meets the Company s capitalization policy. Any aircraft improvement will be depreciated over a period to the next scheduled maintenance event in accordance with the Company s policy with respect to major maintenance and included in Depreciation of flight equipment on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 When the Company has recorded maintenance right liabilities with respect to EOL Leases, the following accounting scenarios exist: (i) the aircraft is returned at lease expiry in the contractually specified maintenance condition without any cash payment by the 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 maintenance right liabilities for MR Leases. 
 
 When flight equipment is sold, maintenance rights are included in the calculation of the disposition gain or loss. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased aircraft in the secondary market, which was not subject to an existing lease. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did t purchase aircraft in the secondary market. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had maintenance right assets of million. Maintenance right assets are included under Flight equipment subject to operating leases in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had aircraft with a carrying value of million, which were held for sale and included in Flight equipment subject to operating leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2021, the Company did t have any flight equipment classified as held for sale. 

67 

Table of Contents 

management platforms: (i) its Thunderbolt platform, (ii) the Blackbird investment funds and (iii) on behalf of a financial institution as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company manages aircraft on behalf of investment funds, Blackbird Capital I, LLC Blackbird I and Blackbird Capital II, LLC Blackbird II ). The Company owns non-controlling interests in each fund representing of the equity of each fund. These investments are accounted for using the equity method of accounting due to the Company s level of influence and involvement. The investments are recorded at the amount invested net of the Company s share of net income or loss, less any distributions or return of capital received from the entities. 
 
 Also, the Company manages aircraft that it has sold through its Thunderbolt platform. The Company s Thunderbolt platform facilitates the sale of mid-life aircraft to investors while allowing to continue the management of these aircraft for a fee. In connection with the sale of aircraft portfolios through the Company s Thunderbolt platform, the Company has non-controlling interests of approximately in entities. These investments are accounted for using the cost method of accounting and are recorded at the amount invested less any return of capital received from the respective entity. 

68 

Table of Contents 

Note 2. 
 
 Revolving credit facility Term financings Total unsecured debt financing Secured Term financings Export credit financing Total secured debt financing Total debt financing Less: Debt discounts and issuance costs ) ) Debt financing, net of discounts and issuance costs 
 
 At December 31, 2022, management of the Company believes it is in compliance in all material respects with the covenants in its debt agreements, including minimum consolidated shareholders equity, minimum consolidated unencumbered assets, and an interest coverage ratio test. 
 
 All of the Company s secured obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are recourse in nature. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had pledged aircraft as collateral with a net book value of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Senior unsecured notes (including Medium-Term Note Program) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes outstanding with remaining terms ranging from less than to years and bearing interest at fixed rates ranging from to . As of December 31, 2021, the Company had billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 to , with two notes bearing interest at a floating rate of three-month LIBOR plus and a floating rate of LIBOR plus . 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued billion in aggregate principal amount of Medium-Term Notes comprised of (i) million in aggregate principal amount of Medium-Term Notes due 2027, (ii) million in aggregate principal amount of Medium-Term Notes due 2032, and (iii) million in aggregate principal amount of Medium-Term Notes due 2027. 
 
 In January 2023, the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount of Medium-Term Notes due 2028 bearing interest at a fixed rate of . 
 
 Unsecured revolving credit facility 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had billion outstanding under its unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). As of December 31, 2021, the Company did t have any amounts outstanding under its Revolving Credit Facility. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are used to finance the Company s working capital needs in the ordinary course of business and for other general corporate purposes. 
 
 In April 2022, the Company amended and extended its Revolving Credit Facility through an amendment that, among other things, extended the final maturity date from May 5, 2025 to May 5, 2026, increased the total revolving commitments to approximately billion as of May 5, 2022 and replaced LIBOR with Term SOFR as the benchmark interest rate and made certain conforming changes related thereto. As of December 31, 2022, borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility accrued interest at Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility) plus a margin of per year. The Company is required to pay a facility fee of per year in respect of total commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility. Interest rate and facility fees are subject to increases or decreases based on declines or improvements in the credit ratings for the Company s debt. 
 
 In June 2022, the Company increased the aggregate facility capacity by an additional million and also extended the maturity of million in commitments to May 5, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total revolving commitments of approximately billion. Lenders held revolving commitments totaling approximately billion that mature on May 5, 2026, commitments totaling million that mature on May 5, 2025 and commitments totaling million that mature on May 5, 2023. 
 
 In January 2023, the Company entered into a new lender supplement which increased the aggregate facility capacity by million to approximately billion. The additional million in commitments is set to mature on May 5, 2026. 
 
 Other debt financings 
 
 From time to time, the Company enters into other debt financings such as unsecured term financings and secured term financings, including export credit. 
 
 In 2022, the Company entered into additional unsecured term facilities, with commitments totaling million with terms of and with one facility bearing interest at a fixed rate of per annum and two facilities bearing interest at a floating rate of SOFR plus to SOFR plus . 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance on other debt financings was million and the Company had pledged aircraft as collateral with a net book value of million. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance on other debt financings was million and the Company had pledged aircraft as collateral with a net book value of million. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

Note 3. 
 Less capitalized interest 
 ) ) ) Interest 
 Amortization of discounts and deferred debt issue costs 
 Interest expense 

Note 4. 
 
 Purchase of aircraft Depreciation ) Sale of aircraft and transfers to net investments in sales-type leases ) Write-off of Russian fleet, net of recoveries ) Net book value as of December 31, 2022 Accumulated depreciation as of December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 Write-off of Russian fleet 
 
 In response to the sanctions against certain industry sectors and parties in Russia, in March 2022, the Company terminated all of its leasing activities in Russia. While the Company maintains title to the aircraft, the Company determined that it is unlikely it will regain possession of the aircraft detained in Russia. As such, during the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Company recognized a loss from asset write-offs of its interests in owned aircraft detained in Russia, totaling approximately million. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Boeing 737-8 MAX aircraft that was not operating and had been in storage in Russia since the 737 MAX grounding was returned to the Company. As a result, in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company added the aircraft back to its owned fleet, recording the aircraft at fair value to Flight equipment subject to operating lease in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet with a corresponding offset to the write-off line item in the Company s Statement of Operations of million. At this time, the Company does not anticipate the return of any other aircraft detained in Russia. 
 
 aircraft previously included in the Company s owned fleet are still detained in Russia. The operators of these aircraft have continued to fly most of the aircraft notwithstanding the termination of leasing activities and the Company s ongoing demands for the return of its assets. 

Note 5. 
 
 shares of Class A common stock, par value at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had and Class A common shares issued and outstanding, respectively. The Company was authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock, par value at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company did t have any shares of Class B non-voting common stock, par value, issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of its Class A common stock under its previously announced stock repurchase program at an average purchase price of per share. Such repurchases completed the repurchase of the entire million of outstanding shares authorized under the Company s stock repurchase program. The Company completed the share repurchase program in April 2022. 
 
 The Company was authorized to issue shares of preferred stock, par value, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had million shares of Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (the Series A Preferred Stock ), par value, issued and outstanding with an aggregate liquidation preference of million per share), shares of Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B (the Series B Preferred Stock ), par value, issued and outstanding with an aggregate liquidation preference of million per share) and shares of Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C (the Series C Preferred Stock ), par value, issued and outstanding with an aggregate liquidation preference of million per share). 
 
 On March 5, 2019, the Company issued million shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Company will pay dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock only when, as and if declared by the board of directors. Dividends will accrue, on a non-cumulative basis, on the stated amount of per share at a rate per annum equal to: (i) during the first and payable quarterly in arrears beginning on June 15, 2019, and (ii) three-month LIBOR plus a spread of per annum from March 15, 2024, reset quarterly and payable quarterly in arrears beginning on June 15, 2024. 
 
 The Company may redeem shares of the Series A Preferred Stock at its option, in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after March 15, 2024, for cash at a redemption price equal to per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. The Company may also redeem shares of the Series A Preferred Stock at the Company s option under certain other limited conditions. The Series A Preferred Stock ranks on a parity with the Series B Preferred Stock and the Series C Preferred Stock. 
 
 On March 2, 2021, the Company issued shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The Company will pay dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock only when, as and if declared by the board of directors. Dividends will accrue, on a non-cumulative basis, on the stated amount of per share at a rate per annum equal to: (i) through June 15, 2026, and payable quarterly in arrears beginning on June 15, 2021, and (ii) the Five-year U.S. Treasury Rate as of the applicable reset dividend determination date plus a spread of per reset period from June 15, 2026 and reset every and payable quarterly in arrears. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. The Company may also redeem shares of the Series B Preferred Stock at the Company s option under certain other limited conditions. The Series B Preferred Stock ranks on a parity with the Series A and Series C Preferred Stock. 
 
 In October 2021, the Company issued shares of Series C Preferred Stock. The Company will pay dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock only when, as and if declared by the board of directors. Dividends will accrue, on a non-cumulative basis, on the stated amount of per share at a rate per annum equal to: (i) through December 15, 2026, and payable quarterly in arrears beginning on December 15, 2021, and (ii) the Five-year U.S. Treasury Rate as of the applicable reset dividend determination date plus a spread of per reset period from December 15, 2026 and reset every and payable quarterly in arrears. 
 
 The Company may redeem shares of the Series C Preferred Stock at its option, in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after December 15, 2026, for cash at a redemption price equal to per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. The Company may also redeem shares of the Series C Preferred Stock at the Company s option under certain other limited conditions. The Series C Preferred Stock ranks on a parity with the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 March 5, 2019 March 15, 2024 3M LIBOR plus 
 Series B March 2, 2021 June 15, 2026 5 Yr U.S. Treasury plus 
 Series C October 13, 2021 December 15, 2026 5 Yr U.S. Treasury plus 
 Total 

Note 6. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 The Company recorded million, million, and million in overhaul revenue based on its lessees usage of the aircraft for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million of overhaul revenue as a result of the termination of its leasing activities in Russia. 

73 

Table of Contents 

 aircraft that is currently not subject to a lease agreement, as of December 31, 2022, updated through February 16, 2023: 
 
 Aircraft Type 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Airbus A220-300 Airbus A319-100 Airbus A320-200 Airbus A320-200neo Airbus A321-200 Airbus A321-200neo Airbus A330-200 Airbus A330-300 Airbus A330-900neo Airbus A350-900 Airbus A350-1000 Boeing 737-700 Boeing 737-800 Boeing 737-8 MAX Boeing 737-9 MAX Boeing 777-200ER Boeing 777-300ER Boeing 787-9 Boeing 787-10 Embraer E190 Total 

Note 7. 
 
 customers whose principal places of business are located in countries as of December 31, 2022 compared to lessees in countries as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 of the Company s aircraft are operated internationally. 
 
 Asia (excluding China) China The Middle East and Africa Central America, South America, and Mexico U.S. and Canada Pacific, Australia, and New Zealand Total 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owned and managed leased aircraft to customers in the following regions based on each airline's principal place of business: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Region Number of Customers (1) 
 of Total Number of Customers(1) of Total Europe Asia (excluding China) The Middle East and Africa U.S. and Canada China Central America, South America and Mexico Pacific, Australia, and New Zealand Total (1) A customer is an airline with its own operating certificate. 

75 

Table of Contents 

 Europe China The Middle East and Africa U.S. and Canada Central America, South America and Mexico Pacific, Australia, and New Zealand Total 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, China was the only individual country that represented at least 10 of our rental revenue based on each airline's principal place of business; however, no individual airline contributed more than 10 to the Company s rental revenue. 
 
 Currency risk 
 
 The Company attempts to minimize currency and exchange risks by entering into aircraft purchase agreements and a majority of lease agreements and debt agreements with U.S. dollars as the designated payment currency. 

Note 8. 
 
 ) State 
 ) Foreign 
 Deferred: 
 Federal 
 ) State 
 ) Foreign 
 Income tax expense ) 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Effect of rates different than statutory ) ) ) ) ) Foreign tax credit 
 ) ) ) ) ) Section 162(m) limitation ) Foreign income taxes ) State income taxes, net of federal income tax effect and other 
 ) Other ) Income tax (benefit)/expense 
 ) 
 
 Net operating losses Foreign tax credit Rents received in advance Other Accrued bonus Equity compensation Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities 
 Aircraft depreciation ) ) Straight-line rents ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) 
 ) ) 
 
 The Company has interest expense that was limited for federal income tax purposes of million as of December 31, 2022, which are available indefinitely to offset taxable income in future periods. The Company has NOL for federal and state income tax purposes of million and million as of December 31, 2022, respectively, which are available to offset taxable income in future periods. The Company has foreign tax credits for federal income tax purposes of million as of December 31, 2022 which are available to offset taxable income in future periods. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

Thereafter Total carryforwards 

The Company has t recorded a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 as realization of the deferred tax asset is considered more likely than not. In assessing the realizability of the deferred tax assets, management considered whether forecasted income, together with reversals of existing deferred tax liabilities, and tax planning strategies will be sufficient to recover the deferred tax assets and tax credits in making this assessment. Management anticipates the timing differences on aircraft depreciation will reverse and be available for offsetting the reversal of deferred tax assets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has t recorded any liability for unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. and various state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company is subject to examinations by the major tax jurisdictions for the 2018 tax year and forward. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company was notified by the Internal Revenue Service that tax years 2019 to 2020 were selected for examination. 

Note 9. 
 new aircraft for delivery through 2029, with an estimated aggregate commitment of billion. 
 The table is subject to change based on Airbus and Boeing delivery delays. As noted below, the Company expects delivery delays for some aircraft in its orderbook. The Company remains in discussions with Boeing and Airbus to determine the extent and duration of delivery delays; however, the Company is not yet able to determine the full impact of these delays. 
 Airbus A320/321neo (1) 
 Airbus A330-900neo Airbus A350-900/1000 Airbus A350F Boeing 737-7/8/9 MAX Boeing 787-9/10 Total (2) 
 (1) The Company's Airbus A320/321neo aircraft orders include long-range variants and extra long-range variants. 
 (2) The table above reflects Airbus and Boeing aircraft delivery delays based on contractual documentation. 
 Pursuant to the Company s purchase agreements with Boeing and Airbus, the Company agrees to contractual delivery dates for each aircraft ordered. These dates can change for a variety of reasons, however for the last several years, manufacturing delays have significantly impacted the planned purchases of the Company s aircraft on order with Boeing and Airbus. The Company is currently experiencing delivery delays with both Boeing and Airbus aircraft. 
 
 The aircraft purchase commitments discussed above could also be impacted by cancellations. The Company s purchase agreements with Boeing and Airbus generally provide each of the Company and the manufacturers with cancellation rights for delivery delays starting at after the original contractual delivery date, regardless of cause. In addition, the Company s lease 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 billion as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 
 (in thousands) Years ending December 31, 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 The Company has made non-refundable deposits on flight equipment purchases of billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are subject to manufacturer performance commitments. If the Company is unable to satisfy its purchase commitments, the Company may be forced to forfeit its deposits and may also be exposed to breach of contract claims by its lessees as well as the manufacturers. 

Note 10. 
 
 classes of common stock, Class A and Class B non-voting, have equal rights to dividends and income, and therefore, basic and diluted earnings per share are the same for each class of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did t have any Class B Non-Voting common stock outstanding. 
 
 Diluted earnings per share takes into account the potential conversion of stock options, restricted stock units, and warrants using the treasury stock method and convertible notes using the if-converted method. Since the Company was in a loss position for the year ended December 31, 2022, diluted net loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share for the period as the inclusion of all potential common shares outstanding would have been anti-dilutive. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company excluded potentially dilutive securities, whose effect would have been anti-dilutive, from the computation of diluted earnings per share. For the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company did exclude any potentially dilutive securities, whose effect would have been anti-dilutive, from the computation of diluted earnings per share. The Company excluded , , and shares related to restricted stock units for which the performance metric had yet to be achieved as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Net (loss)/income attributable to common stockholders ) Denominator Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic (loss)/earnings per share ) Diluted earnings per share: Numerator Net (loss)/income ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Net (loss)/income attributable to common stockholders ) Denominator Number of shares used in basic computation Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities Number of shares used in per share computation Diluted (loss)/earnings per share ) 

Note 11. 
 
 million. As of December 31, 2021, the estimated fair value of the foreign currency exchange derivative asset was million. 
 
 Financial Instruments Not Measured at Fair Values 
 
 The fair value of debt financing is estimated based on the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues, or on the current rates offered to the Company for debt of the same remaining maturities, which would be categorized as a Level 2 measurement in the fair value hierarchy. The estimated fair value of debt financing as of December 31, 2022 was billion compared to a book value of billion. The estimated fair value of debt financing as of December 31, 2021 was billion compared to a book value of billion. 
 
 The following financial instruments are not measured at fair value on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022, but require disclosure of their fair values: cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash. The estimated fair value of such instruments at December 31, 2022 and 2021 approximates their carrying value as reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value of all these instruments would be categorized as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Note 12. 
 
 new awards may be granted under the Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2010 Plan ). As of December 31, 2022, the number of stock options Stock Options and restricted stock units RSUs authorized under the 2014 Plan is approximately . The Company has issued RSUs with different vesting criteria: those RSUs that vest based on the attainment of book-value goals, those RSUs that vest based on the attainment of Total Shareholder Return TSR goals, time based RSUs that vest ratably over a time period of and RSUs that cliff vest at the end of a one or period. The Company has types of book value RSUs; those that vest ratably over a period if the performance condition has been met, and those that cliff-vest at the end of a period if the performance condition has been met. For the book value RSUs that vest at the end of a period, the number of shares that will ultimately vest will range from to of the RSUs initially granted depending on the percentage change in the Company's book value per share at the end of the vesting period. At each reporting period, the Company reassesses the probability of the performance condition being achieved and a stock-based compensation expense is recognized based upon management's assessment. Book value RSUs for which the performance metric has not been met are forfeited. The TSR RSUs vest at the end of a period. The number of TSR RSUs that will ultimately vest is based upon the percentile ranking of the Company s TSR among a peer group. The number of shares that will ultimately vest will range from to of the RSUs initially granted depending on the extent to which the TSR metric is achieved. For disclosure purposes, we have assumed the TSR RSUs will ultimately vest at . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unvested RSUs outstanding of which are TSR RSUs and are book value RSUs. Stock Options are generally granted for a term of years and generally vest over a period. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have any outstanding stock options. The Company has not granted any stock options since 2011. 
 
 The Company recorded million, million, and million of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Compensation cost for RSUs is measured at the grant date based on fair value and recognized over the vesting period. The fair value of book value and time based RSUs is determined based on the closing market price of the Company s Class A common stock on the date of grant, while the fair value of RSUs that vest based on the attainment of Total Shareholder Return TSR goals is determined at the grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Included in the Monte Carlo simulation model were certain assumptions regarding a number of highly complex and subjective variables, such as expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. To appropriately value the award, the risk-free interest rate is estimated for the time period from the valuation date until the vesting date and the historical volatilities were estimated based on a historical timeframe equal to the time from the valuation date until the end date of the performance period. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted RSUs of which are TSR RSUs and are book value RSUs. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/canceled ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 Expected to vest after December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2022, the outstanding RSUs are expected to vest as follows: 2023 ; 2024 ; and 2025 . 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 million of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock-based payments granted to employees. Total unrecognized compensation expense will be recognized over a weighted-average remaining period of years. 

Note 13. 
 
 aircraft across aircraft management platforms. The Company managed aircraft through its Thunderbolt platform, aircraft through the Blackbird investment funds and on behalf of a financial institution. 
 
 The Company managed aircraft on behalf of third-party investors, through investment funds, Blackbird I and Blackbird II. These funds invest in commercial jet aircraft and lease them to airlines throughout the world. The Company provides management services to these funds for a fee. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's non-controlling interests in each fund was and is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The Company's investment in these funds aggregated million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Additionally, the Company continues to manage aircraft that it sells through its Thunderbolt platform. The Thunderbolt platform facilitates the sale of mid-life aircraft to investors while allowing the Company to continue the management of these aircraft for a fee. As of December 31, 2022, the Company managed aircraft across separate transactions. The Company has non-controlling interests in of these entities of approximately , which are accounted for under the cost method of accounting. The Company s total investment in aircraft sold through its Thunderbolt platform was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and is included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 In response to the sanctions against certain industry sectors and parties in Russia, in March 2022 the Company terminated all of its leasing activities in Russia. leases for aircraft in the Company s managed fleet were also terminated. As of February 15, 2023, aircraft previously included in the Company s managed fleet are detained in Russia. While the respective managed platform maintains title to the aircraft, the Company has determined that it is unlikely that the Company or they will regain possession of the aircraft detained in Russia. As a result, during the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Company recognized asset write-offs of million related to its investments in the managed platforms that own such aircraft. The Company did recognize any asset write-offs related to its investments in the managed platforms for the remainder of 2022. The aircraft detained in Russia were removed from the Company s managed fleet count as of March 31, 2022. 

Note 14. 
 
 A320-200 aircraft on lease to an airline with terms that meet the criteria of being classified as a sales-type lease. 
 
 Net investment in sales-type leases was included in Other assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets based on the present value of fixed payments under the contract and the residual value of the underlying asset, discounted at the rate implicit in the lease. The Company s investment in sales-type leases consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 
 Estimated residual values of leased flight equipment Less: Unearned income ) Net Investment in Sales-type Lease 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

Note 15. 
 
 aircraft, with a carrying value of million, which were held for sale and included in Flight equipment subject to operating leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company completed the sale of aircraft from its held for sale portfolio. The Company expects the sale of all aircraft to be completed by the end of the first half of 2023. The Company ceases recognition of depreciation expense once an aircraft is classified as held for sale. As of December 31, 2021, the Company did have any flight equipment classified as held for sale. 

Note 16. 

March 16, 2023 April 12, 2023 Series A Preferred Stock February 28, 2023 March 15, 2023 Series B Preferred Stock February 28, 2023 March 15, 2023 Series C Preferred Stock February 28, 2023 March 15, 2023 

83 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and principal executive officer and our Chief Financial Officer and principal financial officer (collectively, the Certifying Officers ), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as the Company s controls are designed to do, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the risk related to controls and procedures. 
 
 We have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Certifying Officers, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our Certifying Officers have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based upon its assessment, our management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on these criteria. 
 
 KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is included herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 On February 14, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a dual employment assignment with each of Mr. Steven Udvar-H zy, Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, and Mr. John Plueger, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company (each an Executive Officer and collectively, the Executive Officers to formalize their activities with the Company s Irish leasing platform. Pursuant to their dual employment assignments, each of the Executive Officers will continue in their roles as employees of the Company but will also be employees of ALC Aircraft Limited, a wholly-owned Irish subsidiary of the Company ALC Ireland ), each with the title of Executive Officer of Marketing. In connection with the Executive Officers dual employment assignments with ALC Ireland, ALC Ireland entered into employment agreements, each dated as of February 14, 2023 and effective as of March 1, 2023, with each of Mr. Udvar-H zy, (the Udvar-H zy Ireland Employment 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Agreement and Mr. Plueger (the Plueger Ireland Employment Agreement, and together with the Udvar-H zy Ireland Employment Agreement, the Ireland Employment Agreements ). 
 
 The Udvar-H zy Ireland Employment Agreement provides that ALC Ireland will pay Mr. Udvar-H zy a gross salary of 875,000 per annum (subject to tax and other deductions required by law or provided for under the Udvar-H zy Ireland Employment Agreement), which represents approximately 50 of Mr. Udvar-H zy s total annual base salary of 1,800,000 from the Company for fiscal year 2023 (the Udvar-H zy Annual Salary ), as approved by the Company s Leadership Development and Compensation Committee on February 13, 2023. As a result of the dual employment assignment and pursuant to the Udvar-H zy Letter Agreement described below, the Company will be responsible for payment of the remaining 50 of the Udvar-H zy Annual Salary. Mr. Udvar-H zy is expected to devote 50 of his working time to his duties as Executive Officer of Marketing for ALC Ireland in accordance with the terms of the Udvar-H zy Ireland Employment Agreement. The Plueger Ireland Employment Agreement provides that ALC Ireland will pay Mr. Plueger a gross salary of 292,000 per annum (subject to tax and other deductions required by law or provided for under the Plueger Ireland Employment Agreement), which represents approximately 30 of Mr. Plueger s total annual base salary of 1,000,000 from the Company for fiscal year 2023 (the Plueger Annual Salary ), as approved by the Company s Leadership Development and Compensation Committee on February 13, 2023. As a result of the dual employment assignment and pursuant to the Plueger Letter Agreement described below, the Company will be responsible for payment of the remaining 70 of the Plueger Annual Salary. Mr. Plueger is expected to devote 30 of his working time to his duties as Executive Officer of Marketing for ALC Ireland in accordance with the terms of the Plueger Ireland Employment Agreement. 
 
 The Ireland Employment Agreements are for a fixed term, beginning on March 1, 2023 and automatically ending on March 1, 2028. During the course of the fixed term, each Ireland Employment Agreement may be terminated by (i) either party upon providing written notice as set out in the Minimum Notice and Terms of Employment Act of 1973 (as may be amended from time to time) which currently is between one week for less than two weeks of service with ALC Ireland and eight weeks for 15 years or more of service, or (ii) ALC Ireland, in its sole discretion, without notice if it provides payment of one year s salary to the Executive Officer under the applicable Ireland Employment Agreement. Additionally, under each Ireland Employment Agreement, ALC Ireland may terminate the applicable Executive Officer s employment with immediate effect at any time without notice or payment in lieu of notice if the applicable Executive Officer (i) is found guilty of gross misconduct or (ii) in other circumstances which justify summary dismissal. If an Executive Officer s employment by the Company is terminated, such Executive Officer s employment by ALC Ireland under the applicable Ireland Employment Agreement shall immediately cease, subject to any applicable termination payments described above. 
 
 The Company has also entered into letter agreements, each effective as of February 14, 2023, with each of Mr. Udvar-H zy (the Udvar-H zy Letter Agreement and Mr. Plueger (the Plueger Letter Agreement and together with the Udvar-H zy Letter Agreement, the Letter Agreements which confirm the terms of the Executive Officers compensation and other benefits with the Company while they provide services concurrently to ALC Ireland, including that (i) the Company will pay the remainder of the Udvar-H zy Annual Salary and Plueger Annual Salary; (ii) the Executive Officers are eligible to participate in the Company s annual performance-based incentive bonuses and long-term equity incentive awards; (iii) the Executive Officers are eligible for the Company s other benefits and retirement program; and (iv) each Executive Officer is eligible to receive payments under his respective Severance Agreement with the Company, and such payments will be calculated based on the Executive Officer s total compensation from the Company and ALC Ireland, subject to the conditions of the applicable Letter Agreement. The Letter Agreements also provide that the Company will (i) assist each Executive Officer in assessing tax obligations under Ireland and U.S. federal and state tax laws at the Company s expense and (ii) provide tax equalization, including gross-ups, to help defray additional tax liabilities, if the Executive Officer s employment by ALC Ireland results in the Executive Officer incurring increased personal tax liabilities. The Letter Agreements also specify that termination of an Executive Officer s employment under the Ireland Employment Agreement does not automatically terminate such Executive Officer s employment with the Company. The termination of an Executive Officer s employment with the Company will however automatically terminate such Executive Officer s employment with ALC Ireland pursuant to the applicable Ireland Employment Agreement. 
 
 The above summary description of the key terms of the Ireland Employment Agreements and Letter Agreements is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Udvar-H zy Ireland Employment Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.212 hereto, the Plueger Ireland Employment Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.213 hereto, the Udvar-H zy Letter Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.214 hereto, and the Plueger Letter Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.215 hereto, and each are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Executive Officers of the Company 
 
 Except as set forth below or as contained in Part I above, under Information about our Executive Officers , the other information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than April 30, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for our directors, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) and employees. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at http://www.airleasecorp.com under the Investors tab. 
 
 Within the time period required by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the New York Stock Exchange, we will post on our website at http://www.airleasecorp.com under the Investors tab any amendment to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or any waivers of such provisions granted to executive officers and directors. 
 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 
 We have adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that are available on our website at http://www.airleasecorp.com under the Investors tab. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by this item will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required by this item, except for the information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K below, will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Stock Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 Set forth below is certain information about the Class A common stock authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plan. 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved 
 by security holders 
 4,221,026 Equity compensation plans not 
 approved by security holders 
 Total 
 4,221,026 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by this item will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by this item will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 56 
 Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive (Loss)/Income 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 63 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 64 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial statement schedules have been omitted as they are not required, not applicable, or the required information is otherwise included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 

3. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Air Lease Corporation 
 S-1 333-171734 3.1 January 14, 2011 3.2 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Air Lease Corporation 
 8-K 001-35121 3.1 March 27, 2018 3.3 Certificate of Designations with respect to the 6.150 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, of Air Lease Corporation, dated March 4, 2019, filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware and effective on March 4, 2019 
 8-A 001-35121 3.2 March 4, 2019 3.4 Certificate of Designations with respect to the 4.650 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B, dated February 26, 2021, filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware and effective on February 26, 2021. 
 8-K 001-35121 3.1 March 2, 2021 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.5 Certificate of Designations with respect to the 4.125 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C, dated October 11, 2021, filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware and effective on October 11, 2021. 
 8-K 001-35121 3.1 October 13, 2021 4.1 Description of Capital Stock 
 10-Q 001-35121 4.1 November 4, 2021 4.2 Form of Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate 
 S-1 333-171734 4.1 March 25, 2011 4.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 4, 2010, between Air Lease Corporation and FBR Capital Markets Co., as the initial purchaser/placement agent 
 S-1 333-171734 4.2 January 14, 2011 4.4 Form of Stock Certificate representing the 6.150 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A 
 8-A 001-35121 4.2 March 4, 2019 4.5 Form of Stock Certificate representing the 4.650 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B 
 8-K 001-35121 4.1 March 2, 2021 4.6 Form of Stock Certificate representing the 4.125 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C 
 8-K 001-35121 4.1 October 13, 2021 4.7 Indenture, dated as of October 11, 2012, between Air Lease Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee ("October 2012 Indenture") 
 S-3 333-184382 4.4 October 12, 2012 4.8 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 16, 2014, to the October 2012 Indenture by and between Air Lease Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (relating to 4.250 Senior Notes due 2024) 
 8-K 001-35121 4.3 September 16, 2014 4.9 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 15, 2016, to the October 2012 Indenture by and between Air Lease Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (relating to 3.00 Senior Notes due 2023) 
 8-K 001-35121 4.2 August 15, 2016 4.10 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 8, 2017, to the October 11, 2012 Indenture by and between Air Lease Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee, relating to 3.625 Senior Notes due 2027 
 8-K 001-35121 4.2 March 8, 2017 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 4.11 Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 20, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to 3.625 Senior Notes due 2027 
 8-K 001-35121 4.3 November 20, 2017 4.12 Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 16, 2018, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to 3.250 Senior Notes due 2025 
 8-K 001-35121 4.3 January 16, 2018 4.13 Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 18, 2018, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to 3.875 Senior Notes due 2023 
 8-K 001-35121 4.2 June 18, 2018 4.14 Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 17, 2018, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to 4.625 Senior Notes due 2028 
 8-K 001-35121 4.3 September 17, 2018 4.15 Indenture, dated as of November 20, 2018, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, MTN Indenture 
 S-3/A 333-224828 4.4 November 20, 2018 4.16 Paying Agency Agreement, dated as of November 20, 2018, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as paying agent and security registrar. 
 8-K 001-35121 4.2 November 20, 2018 4.17 Form of 2018 Fixed Rate Global Medium-Term Note, Series A 
 8-K 001-35121 4.3 November 20, 2018 4.18 Form of 2018 Floating Rate Global Medium-Term Note, Series A 
 8-K 001-35121 4.4 November 20, 2018 4.19 Form of 2021 Fixed Rate Global Medium-Term Note, Series A 
 8-K 001-35121 4.3 May 7, 2021 4.20 Form of 2021 Floating Rate Global Medium-Term Note, Series A 
 8-K 001-35121 4.4 May 7, 2021 
 Certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of Air Lease Corporation and all of its subsidiaries for which consolidated or unconsolidated financial statements are required to be filed are being omitted pursuant to paragraph (b)(4)(iii)(A) of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. Air Lease Corporation agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.1 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, by and among Air Lease Corporation, as borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Administrative Agent 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.5 May 8, 2014 10.2 First Amendment, dated as of June 1, 2015, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Administrative Agent 
 8-K 001-35121 10.1 June 2, 2015 10.3 Extension Agreement, dated June 1, 2015, under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Administrative Agent 
 8-K 001-35121 10.2 June 2, 2015 10.4 New Lender Supplement, dated September 18, 2015, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Administrative Agent 
 10-K 001-35121 10.7 February 25, 2016 10.5 New Lender Supplement, dated November 25, 2015, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Administrative Agent 
 10-K 001-35121 10.8 February 25, 2016 10.6 Second Amendment, dated as of May 27, 2016, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 8-K 001-35121 10.1 June 1, 2016 10.7 Extension Agreement, dated May 27, 2016, among the Company, the several lenders party thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 8-K 001-35121 10.2 June 1, 2016 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.8 New Lender Supplement, dated May 27, 2016, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 10-K 001-35121 10.10 February 23, 2017 10.9 Commitment Increase Supplement, dated May 27, 2016, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 10-K 001-35121 10.11 February 23, 2017 10.10 New Lender Supplement, dated January 27, 2017, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 10-K 001-35121 10.12 February 23, 2017 10.11 New Lender Supplement, dated March 22, 2017, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014 among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.3 May 4, 2017 10.12 New Lender Supplement, dated March 29, 2017, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014 among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.4 May 4, 2017 10.13 Third Amendment, dated as of May 2, 2017, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014 among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.5 May 4, 2017 10.14 New Lender Supplement, dated November 6, 2017, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.8 November 9, 2017 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.15 Fourth Amendment, dated as of May 2, 2018, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014 among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 8-K 001-35121 10.1 May 3, 2018 10.16 Commitment Increase Supplement, dated February 7, 2018, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 10-K 001-35121 10.11 February 22, 2018 10.17 New Lender Supplement, dated February 1, 2018, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 10-K 001-35121 10.12 February 22, 2018 10.18 New Lender Supplement, dated March 27, 2018, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.10 May 10, 2018 10.19 Commitment Increase Supplement, dated October 23, 2018, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.5 November 8, 2018 10.20 New Lender Supplement, dated February 4, 2019, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent Agent 
 10-K 001-35121 10.22 February 21, 2019 10.21 Commitment Increase Supplement, dated February 4, 2019, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 10-K 001-35121 10.23 February 21, 2019 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.22 Commitment Increase Supplement, dated February 4, 2019, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 10-K 001-35121 10.24 February 21, 2019 10.23 Fifth Amendment and Extension Agreement, dated May 3, 2019, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014 among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 8-K 001-35121 10.1 May 9, 2019 10.24 New Lender Supplement, dated April 5, 2019, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.5 May 9, 2019 10.25 Commitment Increase Supplement, dated July 31, 2019, to the Commitment Increase Supplement, dated July 31, 2019, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.3 August 8, 2019 10.26 New Lender Supplement, dated January 23, 2020, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 10-K 001-35121 10.28 February 14, 2020 10.27 New Lender Supplement, dated March 5, 2020, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.1 May 7, 2020 10.28 New Lender Supplement, dated February 2, 2021, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 10-K 001-35121 10.31 February 22, 2021 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.29 Sixth Amendment and Extension Agreement, dated April 29, 2021, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014 among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 8-K 001-35121 10.1 April 30, 2021 10.30 New Lender Supplement, dated September 10, 2021, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.1 November 4, 2021 10.31 New Lender Supplement, dated November 22, 2021, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.31 February 17, 2022 10.32 New Lender Supplement, dated December 22, 2021, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.32 February 17, 2022 10.33 New Lender Supplement, dated December 22, 2021, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.33 February 17, 2022 10.34 Seventh Amendment and Extension Agreement, dated April 26, 2022, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014 among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.11 May 5, 2022 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.35 Lender Extension Supplement, dated June 3, 2022, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 August 4, 2022 10.36 New Lender Supplement, dated June 27, 2022, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.3 August 4, 2022 10.37 New Lender Supplement, dated January 3, 2023, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, among Air Lease Corporation, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 Filed herewith 10.38 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 to Purchase Agreement No. PA - 03659, dated September 13, 2013, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.3 November 7, 2013 10.39 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03659, dated July 11, 2014, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 November 6, 2014 10.40 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03659, dated January 30, 2015, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.19 August 4, 2016 10.41 Supplemental Agreement No. 5 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03659, dated August 17, 2015, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.20 August 4, 2016 10.42 Supplemental Agreement No. 6 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03659, dated January 15, 2016, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.21 August 4, 2016 10.43 Letter Agreement to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03659, dated May 16, 2016 by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.22 August 4, 2016 10.44 Supplemental Agreement No. 7 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03659, dated December 5, 2016, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-K 001-35121 10.21 February 23, 2017 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.45 Supplemental Agreement No. 8 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03659, dated April 14, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.6 November 9, 2017 10.46 Supplemental Agreement No. 9 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03659, dated July 31, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.7 November 9, 2017 10.47 Supplemental Agreement No. 10 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03659, dated August 6, 2018, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.1 November 8, 2018 10.48 Supplemental Agreement No. 11 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03659, dated August 24, 2018, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 November 8, 2018 10.49 Supplemental Agreement No. 12 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03659, dated April 26, 2019, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.7 August 9, 2019 10.50 Supplemental Agreement No. 13 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03659, dated June 26, 2019, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.8 August 9, 2019 10.51 Supplemental Agreement No. 14 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03659, dated October 2, 2019, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-K 001-35121 10.43 February 14, 2020 10.52 Supplemental Agreement No. 15 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03659, dated February 28, 2020, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.3 May 7, 2020 10.53 Supplemental Agreement No. 16 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03659, dated February 16, 2022, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.8 May 5, 2022 10.54 A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated February 1, 2013, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. ("A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement") 
 10 Q 001 35121 10.2 May 9, 2013 10.55 Amendment No. 1 to the A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated March 3, 2015, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 May 7, 2015 10.56 Amendment No. 2 to the A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated March 3, 2015, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.3 May 7, 2015 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.57 Amendment No. 3 to the A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated September 8, 2015, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.1 November 5, 2015 10.58 Amendment No. 4 to the A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated April 4, 2016, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.15 August 4, 2016 10.59 Amendment No. 5 to the A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated May 25, 2016, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.16 August 4, 2016 10.60 Amendment No. 6 to the A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated July 18, 2016, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.28 February 23, 2017 10.61 Amendment No. 7 to A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated July 31, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.1 November 9, 2017 10.62 Amendment No. 8 to A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated December 27, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.37 February 22, 2018 10.63 Amendment No. 9 to A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated June 1, 2018, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 August 9, 2018 10.64 Amendment No. 10 to A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated December 31, 2018, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.47 February 21, 2019 10.65 Amendment No. 11 to the Airbus A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated May 15, 2019, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.4 August 8, 2019 10.66 Amendment No. 12 to A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated December 20, 2019, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.56 February 14, 2020 10.67 Amendment No. 13 to A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated February 21, 2020, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.4 May 7, 2020 10.68 Amendment No. 14 to the A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated June 30, 2020, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 August 6, 2020 10.69 Amendment No. 15 to the A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated August 31, 2020, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.1 November 9, 2020 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.70 Amendment No. 16 to the A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated October 29, 2021, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.65 February 17, 2022 10.71 Amendment No. 17 to the A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.66 February 17, 2022 10.72 Amendment No. 18 to the A350XWB Family Purchase Agreement, dated January 11, 2022, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.5 May 5, 2022 10.72 Amendment and Restatement Agreement of Letter Agreement No. 1 to Amendment No. 10 to the Airbus A350 Family Purchase Agreement, dated April 26, 2019, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.5 August 8, 2019 10.73 Amendment and Restatement Agreement of Letter Agreement No. 2 to Amendment No. 10 to the A330-900neo PA, dated July 7, 2021, for Model A330-900 Aircraft. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 November 4, 2021 10.74 Purchase Agreement No. PA - 03791, dated July 3, 2012, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.1 November 7, 2013 10.75 Supplemental Agreement No. 1 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated February 4, 2013, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.12 May 4, 2017 10.76 Supplemental Agreement No. 2 to Purchase Agreement No. 03791, dated September 13, 2013, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 November 7, 2013 10.77 Supplemental Agreement No. 3 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated July 11, 2014, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.1 November 6, 2014 10.78 Supplemental Agreement No. 4 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated December 11, 2015, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.13 May 4, 2017 10.79 Supplemental Agreement No. 5 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated May 17, 2016, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.18 August 4, 2016 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.80 Supplemental Agreement No. 6 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated July 8, 2016, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-K 001-35121 10.35 February 23, 2017 10.81 Supplemental Agreement No. 7 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated October 8, 2016, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-K 001-35121 10.36 February 23, 2017 10.82 Supplemental Agreement No. 8 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated January 30, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.14 May 4, 2017 10.83 Supplemental Agreement No. 9 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated February 28, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.15 May 4, 2017 10.84 Supplemental Agreement No. 10 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated April 7, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.7 August 3, 2017 10.85 Supplemental Agreement No. 11 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated May 10, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.8 August 3, 2017 10.86 Supplemental Agreement No. 12 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated May 30, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.9 August 3, 2017 10.87 Supplemental Agreement No. 13 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated July 20, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.10 August 3, 2017 10.88 Supplemental Agreement No. 14 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated July 31, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.4 November 9, 2017 10.89 Supplemental Agreement No. 15 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated August 18, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.5 November 9, 2017 10.90 Supplemental Agreement No. 16 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated August 6, 2018, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.3 November 8, 2018 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.91 Supplemental Agreement No. 17 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated March 29, 2018, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.7 May 10, 2018 10.92 Supplemental Agreement No. 18 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated August 6, 2018, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.4 November 8, 2018 10.93 Supplemental Agreement No. 19 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated October 26, 2018, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-K 001-35121 10.67 February 21, 2019 10.94 Supplemental Agreement No. 20 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated December 10, 2018, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-K 001-35121 10.68 February 21, 2019 10.95 Supplemental Agreement No. 21 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated February 8, 2019, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.7 May 9, 2019 10.96 Supplemental Agreement No. 22 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated March 4, 2019, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.8 May 9, 2019 10.97 Supplemental Agreement No. 23 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated June 26, 2019, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.6 August 9, 2019 10.98 Supplemental Agreement No. 24 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated October 2, 2019, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.82 February 14, 2020 10.99 Supplemental Agreement No. 25 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated February 28, 2020, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 May 7, 2020 10.100 Supplemental Agreement No. 26 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated December 30, 2020, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-K 001-35121 10.91 February 22, 2021 10.101 Supplemental Agreement No. 27 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated April 6, 2021, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.7 August 5, 2021 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.102 Supplemental Agreement No. 28 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated July 22, 2021, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.6 November 4, 2021 10.103 Supplemental Agreement No. 29 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated November 19, 2021, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-K 001-35121 10.98 February 17, 2022 10.104 Supplemental Agreement No. 30 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated February 16, 2022, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.9 May 5, 2022 10.105 Supplemental Agreement No. 31 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated March 31, 2022, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.10 May 5, 2022 10.106 Supplemental Agreement No. 32 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated October 18, 2022, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 Filed herewith 10.107 Supplemental Agreement No. 33 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791, dated December 5, 2022, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 Filed herewith 10.108 Letter Agreement dated December 30, 2020, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-K 001-35121 10.92 February 22, 2021 10.109 Letter Agreement dated December 30, 2020, by and between Air Lease Corporation and The Boeing Company 
 10-K 001-35121 10.93 February 22, 2021 10.110 A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated May 10, 2012, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 August 9, 2012 10.111 Amendment No. 1 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated December 28, 2012, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.7 August 4, 2016 10.112 Amendment No. 2 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated July 14, 2014, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.4 November 6, 2014 10.113 Amendment No. 3 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated July 14, 2014, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.5 November 6, 2014 10.114 Amendment No. 4 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated October 10, 2014, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.8 August 4, 2016 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.115 Amendment No. 5 to the A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated March 3, 2015, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q/A 001-35121 10.4 September 2, 2016 10.116 Amendment No. 6 to the A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated March 18, 2015, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.9 August 4, 2016 10.117 Amendment No. 7 to the A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated November 9, 2015, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.10 August 4, 2016 10.118 Amendment No. 8 to the A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated January 8, 2016, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.11 August 4, 2016 10.119 Amendment No. 9 to the A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated April 4, 2016, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.12 August 4, 2016 10.120 Amendment No. 10 to the A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated April 12, 2016, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.13 August 4, 2016 10.121 Amendment No. 11 to the A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated June 2, 2016, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.14 August 4, 2016 10.122 Amendment No. 12 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated August 17, 2016, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.9 May 4, 2017 10.123 Amendment No. 13 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated December 20, 2016, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.10 May 4, 2017 10.124 Amendment No. 14 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated March 3, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.11 May 4, 2017 10.125 Amendment No. 15 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated April 10, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.3 August 3, 2017 10.126 Amendment No. 16 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated June 19, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.4 August 3, 2017 10.127 Amendment No. 17 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated June 19, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.5 August 3, 2017 10.128 Amendment No. 18 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated July 12, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.6 August 3, 2017 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.129 Amendment No. 19 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated July 31, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 November 9, 2017 10.130 Amendment No. 20 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated September 29, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.3 November 9, 2017 10.131 Amendment No. 21 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated December 27, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.75 February 22, 2018 10.132 Amendment No. 22 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated February 16, 2018, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.6 May 10, 2018 10.133 Amendment No. 23 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated December 31, 2018, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.92 February 21, 2019 10.134 Amendment No. 24 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated October 18, 2019, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.107 February 14, 2020 10.135 Amendment No. 25 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated December 20, 2019, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.108 February 14, 2020 10.136 Amendment No. 26 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated April 7, 2020, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.5 August 6, 2020 10.137 Amendment No. 27 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated August 31, 2020, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.4 November 9, 2020 10.138 Amendment No. 28 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated December 22, 2020, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.122 February 22, 2021 10.139 Amendment No. 29 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated December 24, 2020, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.123 February 22, 2021 10.140 Amendment No. 30 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated April 28, 2021, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.4 August 5, 2021 10.141 Amendment No. 31 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated June 3, 2021, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.5 August 5, 2021 10.142 Amendment No. 32 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated July 31, 2021, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.5 November 4, 2021 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.143 Amendment No. 33 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.134 February 17, 2022 10.144 Amendment No. 34 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.135 February 17, 2022 10.145 Amendment No. 35 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated February 3, 2022, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.6 May 5, 2022 10.146 Amendment No. 36 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated March 25, 2022, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.7 May 5, 2022 10.147 Amendment No. 37 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated June 16, 2022, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.4 August 4, 2022 10.148 Amendment No. 38 to A320 NEO Family Purchase Agreement, dated October 3, 2022, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 Filed herewith 10.149 A330-900 NEO Purchase Agreement, dated March 3, 2015, between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q/A 001-35121 10.1 September 2, 2016 10.150 Amendment No. 1 to the A330-900 NEO Purchase Agreement, dated May 31, 2016, between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.17 August 4, 2016 10.151 Amendment No. 2 to A330-900 NEO Purchase Agreement, dated June 19, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 August 3, 2017 10.152 Amendment No. 3 to A330-900 NEO Purchase Agreement, dated October 2, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.79 February 22, 2018 10.153 Amendment No. 4 to A330-900 NEO Purchase Agreement, dated December 27, 2017, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.80 February 22, 2018 10.154 Amendment No. 5 to A330-900 NEO Purchase Agreement, dated December 31, 2018, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.98 February 21, 2019 10.155 Amendment No. 6 to A330-900 NEO Purchase Agreement, dated February 27, 2019, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.6 May 9, 2019 10.156 Amendment No. 7 to A330-900 NEO Purchase Agreement, dated August 8, 2019, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 November 7, 2019 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.157 Amendment No. 8 to A330-900 NEO Purchase Agreement, dated October 18, 2019, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.117 February 14, 2020 10.158 Amendment No. 9 to A330-900 NEO Purchase Agreement, dated December 20, 2019, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.118 February 14, 2020 10.159 Amendment No. 10 to the A330-900 NEO Purchase Agreement, dated June 14, 2020, between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.4 August 6, 2020 10.160 Amendment No. 11 to the A330-900 NEO Purchase Agreement, dated August 31, 2020, between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.3 November 9, 2020 10.161 Amendment No. 12 to the A330-900 NEO Purchase Agreement, dated October 2, 2020, between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.136 February 22, 2021 10.162 Amendment No. 13 to the A330-900 NEO Purchase Agreement, dated December 24, 2020, between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.137 February 22, 2021 10.163 Amendment No. 14 to the A330-900 NEO Purchase Agreement, dated December 13, 2021, between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.150 February 17, 2022 10.164 Amendment No. 15 to the A330-900 NEO Purchase Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.151 February 17, 2022 10.165 Agreement, dated December 31, 2018, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-K 001-35121 10.99 February 21, 2019 10.166 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement, dated October 30, 2019, between Airbus S.A.S. and Air Lease Corporation 
 10-K 001-35121 10.120 February 14, 2020 10.167 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement, dated December 20, 2019, between Airbus S.A.S. and Air Lease Corporation 
 10-K 001-35121 10.121 February 14, 2020 10.168 Amendment No. 3 to Agreement, dated August 31, 2020, between Airbus S.A.S. and Air Lease Corporation 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 November 9, 2020 10.169 Amendment No. 4 to Agreement, dated December 22, 2020, between Airbus S.A.S. and Air Lease Corporation 
 10-K 001-35121 10.142 February 22, 2021 10.170 Amendment No. 5 to Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, between Airbus S.A.S. and Air Lease Corporation 
 10-K 001-35121 10.157 February 17, 2022 10.171 Amendment No. 6 to Agreement, dated January 31, 2022, between Airbus S.A.S. and Air Lease Corporation 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.3 May 5, 2022 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.172 Agreement, dated December 20, 2019, between Airbus S.A.S. and Air Lease Corporation 
 10-K 001-35121 10.122 February 14, 2020 10.173 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement, dated June 14, 2020, between Airbus S.A.S. and Air Lease Corporation 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.3 August 6, 2020 10.174 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement, dated October 2, 2020, between Airbus S.A.S. and Air Lease Corporation 
 10-K 001-35121 10.145 February 22, 2021 10.175 Amendment No. 3 to Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, between Airbus S.A.S. and Air Lease Corporation 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.6 August 5, 2021 10.176 Amendment No. 4 to Agreement, dated July 7, 2021, between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.3 November 4, 2021 10.177 Amendment No. 5 to the Agreement, dated July 31, 2021, between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.4 November 4, 2021 10.178 Amendment No. 6 to the Agreement, dated March 25, 2022, between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus S.A.S. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.4 May 5, 2022 10.179 Agreement, dated December 20, 2019, among Airbus S.A.S. and Airbus Canada Limited Partnership and Air Lease Corporation 
 10-K 001-35121 10.123 February 14, 2020 10.180 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, between Airbus S.A.S. and Air Lease Corporation 
 10-K 001-35121 10.165 February 17, 2022 10.181 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement, dated January 11, 2022, between Airbus S.A.S. and Air Lease Corporation 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.1 May 5, 2022 10.182 A220 Purchase Agreement, dated December 20, 2019, by and between Airbus Canada Limited Partnership and Air Lease Corporation 
 10-K 001-35121 10.124 February 14, 2020 10.183 Amendment No. 1 to the A220 Purchase Agreement, dated August 31, 2020, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus Canada Limited Partnership 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.5 November 9, 2020 10.184 Amendment No. 2 to the A220 Purchase Agreement, dated April 6, 2021, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus Canada Limited Partnership. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 August 5, 2021 10.185 Amendment No. 3 to the A220 Purchase Agreement, dated June 3, 2021, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus Canada Limited Partnership. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.3 August 5, 2021 10.186 Amendment No. 4 to the A220 Purchase Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus Canada Limited Partnership . 
 10-K 001-35121 10.170 February 17, 2022 10.187 Amendment No. 5 to the A220 Purchase Agreement, dated March 25, 2022, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus Canada Limited Partnership. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 May 5, 2022 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.188 Amendment No. 6 to the A220 Purchase Agreement, dated July 15, 2022, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus Canada Limited Partnership. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.1 November 3, 2022 10.189 Amendment No. 7 to the A220 Purchase Agreement, dated August 31, 2022, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus Canada Limited Partnership. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 November 3, 2022 10.190 Amendment No. 8 to the A220 Purchase Agreement, dated October 3, 2022, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Airbus Canada Limited Partnership. 
 Filed herewith 10.191 2021 Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, between Airbus S.A.S. and Air Lease Corporation 
 10-K 001-35121 10.171 February 17, 2022 10.192 Tax Equalization Understanding between Air Lease Corporation and Jie Chen, dated June 5, 2019 
 8-K 001-35121 10.3 June 7, 2019 10.193 Amended and Restated Air Lease Corporation 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (effective as of June 4, 2010 and amended as of February 15, 2011 and as further amended as of February 26, 2013 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.3 May 9, 2013 10.194 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated Air Lease Corporation 2010 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-1/A 333-171734 10.5 February 22, 2011 10.195 Air Lease Corporation Annual Cash Bonus Plan 
 8-K 001-35121 10.1 November 14, 2018 10.196 Air Lease Corporation 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 May 8, 2014 10.197 Form of Grant Notice (Deferral) and Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (Deferral) for Non-Employee Directors under the Air Lease Corporation 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-35121 10.41 February 26, 2015 10.198 Form of Grant Notice and Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for non-employee directors under the Air Lease Corporation 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, for awards granted beginning May 9, 2018 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.4 August 9, 2018 10.199 Form of Grant Notice (Deferral) and Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for non-employee directors under the Air Lease Corporation 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, for awards granted beginning May 9, 2018 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.3 August 9, 2018 10.200 Form of Grant Notice and Form of Book Value and Total Stockholder Return Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for Messrs. John L. Plueger and Steven F. Udvar-H zy under the Air Lease Corporation 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, for awards granted beginning February 20, 2018 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.3 May 10, 2018 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.201 Form of Grant Notice (Time-Based Vesting) and Form of Restricted Stock Units Award (Time-Based Vesting) Agreement for Messrs. John L. Plueger and Steven F. Udvar-H zy under the Air Lease Corporation 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, for awards granted beginning February 20, 2018 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.1 May 10, 2018 10.202 Bonus in a Form of a Grant Notice (Time-Based Vesting) and a Form of Restricted Stock Units Award (Time-Based Vesting) Agreement for Steven F. Udvar-H zy under the Air Lease Corporation 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, for awards granted beginning February 20, 2019 
 10-K 001-35121 10.118 February 21, 2019 10.203 Form of Grant Notice and Form of Book Value and Total Stockholder Return Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for officers (Executive Vice President and below) and other employees under the Air Lease Corporation 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, for awards granted beginning February 20, 2018 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 May 10, 2018 10.204 Form of Grant Notice (Time-Based Vesting) and Form of Restricted Stock Units Award (Time-Based Vesting) Agreement for officers (Executive Vice President and below) and other employees under the Air Lease Corporation 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, for awards granted beginning February 20, 2018 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.4 May 4, 2017 10.205 Severance Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2016, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Steven F. Udvar-H zy 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.2 August 4, 2016 10.206 Severance Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2016, by and between Air Lease Corporation and John L. Plueger 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.3 August 4, 2016 10.207 Air Lease Corporation Executive Severance Plan, adopted February 21, 2017, as amended on May 3, 2017 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.1 May 4, 2017 10.208 Form of Indemnification Agreement with directors and officers 
 S-1 333-171734 10.12 February 22, 2011 10.209 Form of Indemnification Agreement with Company directors and Section 16 officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), adopted February 13, 2020 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.5 May 7, 2020 10.210 Air Lease Corporation Non-Employee Director Compensation (as amended May 8, 2019) 
 10-K 001-35121 10.148 February 14, 2020 10.211 Severance and Release Agreement, dated April 21, 2022, by and between Air Lease Corporation and Jie Chen. 
 10-Q 001-35121 10.5 August 4, 2022 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.212 Employment Agreement between ALC Aircraft Limited and Steven F. Udvar-H zy, dated February 14, 2023. 
 Filed herewith 10.213 Employment Agreement between ALC Aircraft Limited and John L. Plueger, dated February 14, 2023. 
 Filed herewith 10.214 Letter Agreement between Air Lease Corporation and Steven F. Udvar-H zy, dated February 14, 2023. 
 Filed herewith 10.215 Letter Agreement between Air Lease Corporation and John L. Plueger, dated February 14, 2023. 
 Filed herewith 21.1 List of Significant Subsidiaries of Air Lease Corporation 
 Filed herewith 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Accounting Firm 
 Filed herewith 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed herewith 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed herewith 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Furnished herewith 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Furnished herewith 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) Filed herewith 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 The Company has either (i) omitted confidential portions of the referenced exhibit and filed such confidential portions separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 or (ii) omitted portions of the referenced exhibit pursuant to Item 601(b) of Regulation S-K because it (a) is not material and (b) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 16, 2023. 
 AIR LEASE CORPORATION By: /s/ Gregory B. Willis Gregory B. Willis 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: Signature Title Date /s/ Steven F. Udvar-H zy Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors February 16, 2023 Steven F. Udvar-H zy /s/ John L. Plueger Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 
 February 16, 2023 John L. Plueger /s/ Matthew J. Hart Director February 16, 2023 Matthew J. Hart /s/ Yvette Hollingsworth Clark Director February 16, 2023 Yvette Hollingsworth Clark /s/ Cheryl Gordon Krongard Director February 16, 2023 Cheryl Gordon Krongard /s/ Marshall O. Larsen Director February 16, 2023 Marshall O. Larsen /s/ Susan R. McCaw Director February 16, 2023 Susan R. McCaw /s/ Robert A. Milton Director February 16, 2023 Robert A. Milton /s/ Ian M. Saines Director February 16, 2023 Ian M. Saines 
 
 111 

<EX-10.37>
 2
 ex1037-q422.htm
 EX-10.37

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.37 
 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

 NEW LENDER SUPPLEMENT 
 
 SUPPLEMENT, dated as of January 3, 2023, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2014, as amended by the First Amendment dated as of June 1, 2015, by the Second Amendment dated as of May 27, 2016, by the Third Amendment dated as of May 2, 2017, by the Fourth Amendment dated as of May 2, 2018, by the Fifth Amendment dated as of May 3, 2019, by the Sixth Amendment and Extension Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2021, by the Seventh Amendment and Extension Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2022 and as further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (the Credit Agreement among AIR LEASE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto (the Lenders ), and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS, the Credit Agreement provides in Section 2.1(c) thereof that any bank, financial institution or other entity may become a party to the Credit Agreement with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (which consent of the Administrative Agent shall not be unreasonably withheld) by executing and delivering to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a supplement to the Credit Agreement in substantially the form of this Supplement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the undersigned now desires to become a party to the Credit Agreement 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the undersigned hereby agrees as follows 
 
 1. As of the Effective Date hereof, the undersigned agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement, and agrees that it shall, on the date this Supplement is accepted by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (the Effective Date ), become a Lender for all purposes of the Credit Agreement to the same extent as if originally a party thereto, with a Commitment of 250,000,000. 
 
 2. The undersigned (a) represents and warrants that it is legally authorized to enter into this Supplement (b) confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the financial statements most recently delivered pursuant to Sections 6.1(a) and (b) thereof and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Supplement (c) agrees that it has made and will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement or any instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto (d) appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under the Credit Agreement or any instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are incidental thereto and (e) agrees that it will be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and will perform in accordance with its terms all the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender including, without limitation, if it is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside the United States, its obligation pursuant to Section 2.15(e) of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 3. The undersigned hereby confirms and agrees that the Termination Date in respect of its Commitment is May 5, 2026. 
 
 4. The address for notices for the undersigned for the purposes of the Credit Agreement is as follows 
 
 Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets PLC 
 1095 Avenue of the Americas 
 34th Floor 
 New York, NY 10036 
 Attention Charles Foster 
 Telephone 212-930-8957 x11957 
 Email Charles.Foster lbusa.com 

5. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement shall have their defined meanings when used herein. 
 
 6. Any signature to this Supplement may be delivered by facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf), DocuSign or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000 or the New York Electronic Signature and Records Act or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing also applies to any amendment, extension or renewal of this Supplement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Supplement to be executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer on the date first above written. 

LLOYDS BANK CORPORATE MARKETS PLC By s Kamala Basdeo 
 Name Kamala Basdeo 
 Title Assistant Vice President By s Tina Wong 
 Name Tina Wong 
 Title Assistant Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Lloyds New Lender Supplement 

Accepted and agreed to as of 
 the date first written above 
 
 AIR LEASE CORPORATION 
 
 By s Gregory B. Willis 
 Name Gregory B. Willis 
 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Lloyds New Lender Supplement 

Accepted and agreed to as of 
 the date first written above 
 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. as Administrative Agent 

By s Cristina Caviness 
 Name Cristina Caviness 
 
 Title Executive Director 

Signature Page to Lloyds New Lender Supplement 

</EX-10.37>

<EX-10.106>
 3
 ex10106-q422.htm
 EX-10.106

Document 

Exhibit 10.106 
 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION MARKED BY HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) THE TYPE OF INFORMATION THAT THE REGISTRANT BOTH CUSTOMARILY AND ACTUALLY TREATS AS PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL. 
 
 Supplemental Agreement No. 32 to Purchase Agreement No. 03791 between THE BOEING COMPANY and AIR LEASE CORPORATION 
 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT is entered into as of October 18, 2022 Supplemental Agreement No. 32 by and between THE BOEING COMPANY Boeing and AIR LEASE CORPORATION Customer ). 
 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer have entered into Purchase Agreement No. 03791 dated as of July 3, 2012 as amended and supplemented Purchase Agreement relating to the purchase and sale of Model 737-8 and 737-9 Aircraft 
 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer desire to . 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows 
 
 1. TABLE OF CONTENTS . 
 The Table of Contents is deleted in its entirety and replaced by a new Table of Contents, provided as Enclosure 1 to this Supplemental Agreement No. 32, and incorporated into the Purchase Agreement. The new Table of Contents reflects the revisions set forth in this Supplemental Agreement No. 32. 
 2. TABLES . 
 2.1 Table 1A is deleted in its entirety and replaced by a revised Table 1A, provided as Enclosure 2 to this Supplemental Agreement No. 32, which is incorporated into the Purchase Agreement by this reference. The new Table 1A . The new Table 1A also . 
 2.2 Table 1B is deleted in its entirety and replaced by a revised Table 1B, provided as Enclosure 3 to this Supplemental Agreement No. 32, which is incorporated 
 HAZ-PA-03791 1 
 SA-32 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

into the Purchase Agreement by this reference. The new Table 1B . The new Table 1B also . 
 2.3 Table 1C is deleted in its entirety and replaced by a revised Table 1C, provided as Enclosure 4 to this Supplemental Agreement No. 32, which is incorporated into the Purchase Agreement by this reference. The new Table 1C . 
 2.4 Table 1G is deleted in its entirety and replaced by a revised Table 1G, provided as Enclosure 5 to this Supplemental Agreement No. 32, which is incorporated into the Purchase Agreement by this reference. The new Table 1G . 
 2.5 Table 1H1 is deleted in its entirety and replaced by a revised Table 1H1, provided as Enclosure 6 to this Supplemental Agreement No. 32, which is incorporated into the Purchase Agreement by this reference. The new Table 1H1 . The new Table 1H1 also . 
 2.6 Table 1H6 is deleted in its entirety and replaced by a revised Table 1H6, provided as Enclosure 7 to this Supplemental Agreement No. 32, which is incorporated into the Purchase Agreement by this reference. The new Table 1H6 . 
 2.7 Table 1J is provided as Enclosure 8 to this Supplemental Agreement No. 32, which is incorporated into the Purchase Agreement by this reference. The new Table 1J . 
 2.8 Table 1K is provided as Enclosure 9 to this Supplemental Agreement No. 32, which is incorporated into the Purchase Agreement by this reference. The new Table 1K . 
 3. LETTER AGREEMENTS . 
 3.1 Letter Agreement HAZ-PA-03791-LA-1208090R13, entitled , is deleted in its entirety, and replaced with a revised Letter Agreement HAZ-PA-03791-LA-1208090R14, entitled , which is provided as Enclosure 10 to this Supplemental Agreement No. 32, and incorporated into the Purchase Agreement. 
 3.2 Letter Agreement HAZ-PA-03791-LA-1208079R2, entitled , is deleted in its entirety, and replaced with a revised Letter Agreement HAZ-PA-03791-LA-1208079R3, entitled , which is provided as Enclosure 11 to this Supplemental Agreement No. 32, and incorporated into the Purchase Agreement. 
 4. MISCELLANEOUS . 
 4.1 All terms used but not defined in this Supplemental Agreement No. 32 will have the same meaning as such terms have in the Purchase Agreement. 
 4.2 This Supplemental Agreement No. 32 will become effective upon execution and receipt by both parties of this Supplemental Agreement No. 32. The terms of this Supplemental Agreement No. 32 will expire if not executed by October 19, 2022. 
 
 EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first above written. 
 HAZ-PA-03791 2 
 SA-32 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

THE BOEING COMPANY 
 AIR LEASE CORPORATION 
 By 
 s Craig Simmons 
 By s Grant Levy 
 Its Attorney-In-Fact Its 
 Executive Vice President 
 
 HAZ-PA-03791 3 
 SA-32 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Enclosure 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 ARTICLES SA No. Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description SA-4 Article 2. Delivery Schedule Article 3. Price Article 4. Payment Article 5. Additional Terms 
 
 TABLES 1A 737-8 Block A Aircraft Information Table SA-32 1B 737-9 Block B Aircraft Information Table SA-32 1C 737-8 Block C Aircraft Information Table SA-32 1D 737-8 Block D Aircraft Information Table SA-26 1E 737-8 Block E Aircraft Information Table SA-29 1F 737-7 Block F Aircraft Information Table SA-24 1G 737-8 Block G Aircraft Information Table SA-32 1H1 737-8 Block H1 Aircraft Information Table SA-32 1H2 737-8 Block H2 Aircraft Information Table SA-29 1H3 737-8 Block H3 Aircraft Information Table SA-29 1H4 737-8 Block H4 Aircraft Information Table 
 SA-29 1H5 737-8 Block H5 Aircraft Information Table 
 SA-31 1H6 737-8 Block H6 Aircraft Information Table SA-32 1I 737-8 Block I Aircraft Information Table SA-27 1J 737-8 Block J Aircraft Information Table SA-32 1K 737-8 Block K Aircraft Information Table SA-32 1L 737-9 Block L Aircraft Information Table SA-31 
 
 HAZ-PA-03791 i 
 SA-32 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Enclosure 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 EXHIBITS A1 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-16 A2 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-16 A2-1 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration (Block I) SA-27 A3 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-16 A4 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-16 A5 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-16 A6 HAZ 737-9 Aircraft Configuration SA-19 A7 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-21 A7-1 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration (Block J) SA-28 A8 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-21 A9 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-21 A10 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-21 A11 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-21 A12 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-21 A13 HAZ 737-9 Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-21 A14 HAZ 737-9 Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-21 A15 HAZ 737-8 Baseline Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-21 A16 HAZ 737-9 Baseline Aircraft Configuration SA-21 A17 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-24 A18 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-24 A19 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-25 A20 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-25 A21 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-25 A22 HAZ 737-9 Aircraft Configuration SA-25 A22-1 HAZ 737-9 Aircraft Configuration SA-28 A23 HAZ 737-9 Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-26 A24 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration 
 SA-31 B Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS AE1 Escalation Adjustment - Airframe and Optional Features BFE1 BFE Variables SA-9 CS1 Customer Support Variables EE1 , Engine Warranty and Patent Indemnity 
 SLP1 Service Life Policy Components 
 
 HAZ-PA-03791 ii 
 SA-32 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Enclosure 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 LETTER AGREEMENTS SA No. LA-1208077 AGTA Matters LA-1208078R12 Advance Payment Matters SA-31 LA-1208079R3 SA-32 LA-1208080 Assignment of Customer s Interest to a Subsidiary or Affiliate LA-1208081 Other Matters LA-1208082 Demonstration Flight Waiver LA-1208083R4 SA-17 LA-1208084 Leasing Matters LA-1208085 Liquidated Damages for Non-Excusable Delay LA-1208086 Loading of Customer Software LA-1208087R1 Open Matters for 737-8 and 737-9 Aircraft SA-4 LA-1208088 Performance Matters LA-1208089R1 SA-4 LA-1208090R14 Special Matters for 737-8 and 737-9 Aircraft SA-32 LA-1208091 AGTA Term Revisions for 737-8 and 737-9 Aircraft LA-1208092 LA-1208958 LA-1208963 SA-4 LA-1209052 LA-1300032 SA-4 LA-1400773 SA-4 LA-1401489 SA-4 LA-1701519 Special Matters Related to SA-10 LA-1701714 Special Matters for 737-7 Aircraft SA-24 LA-1704831 Special Matters Relating to SA-14 LA-1704362 SA-15 LA-1805016R1 SA-31 LA-1805303 SA-18 LA-2003489 SA-26 LA-2100098 Miscellaneous Matters Block I Aircraft SA-27 LA-2101360 Miscellaneous Matters Block J Aircraft SA-28 
 
 HAZ-PA-03791 iii 
 SA-32 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Table 1A Enclosure 2 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791 737-8 Block A Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

 Airframe Model MTOW 737-8 181200 pounds Detail Specification D019A007-B (5 18 2012) Engine Model Thrust CFM-LEAP-1B 0 pounds Airframe Price Base Year Escalation Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Escalation Formula Optional Features Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Escalation Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate Refundable Deposit Aircraft at Proposal Accept Manufacturer Escalation Escalation Estimate Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) Delivery Number of Serial Factor P.A. Adv Payment Base Date Aircraft No. (Airframe) Lessee Exhibit A Price Per A P -2018 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
 HAZ-PA-03791 60521, 63035 Boeing Proprietary SA-32 Page 1 of 2 

Table 1A Enclosure 2 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791 737-8 Block A Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 -2024 1 Total 39 Manufacturer serial number is subject to change due to production changes. 
 HAZ-PA-03791 60521, 63035 Boeing Proprietary SA-32 Page 2 of 2 

Table 1B Enclosure 3 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791 737-9 Block B Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

 Airframe Model MTOW 737-9 194,700 pounds Detail Specification D019A007-B (5 18 2012 Engine Model Thrust CFMLEAP-1B28 27,900 pounds Airframe Price Base Year Escalation Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Escalation Formula Optional Features Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Escalation Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate Refundable Deposit Aircraft at Proposal Accept Manufacturer Escalation Escalation Estimate Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) Delivery Number of Serial Factor P.A. Adv Payment Base Date Aircraft No. (Airframe) Lessee Exhibit A Price Per A P -2019 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
 HAZ-PA-03791 60522-1F.TXT Boeing Proprietary SA-32 Page 1 of 2 

Table 1B Enclosure 3 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791 737-9 Block B Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

 1 1 1 1 -2024 1 Total 34 Manufacturer serial number is subject to change due to production changes. 
 HAZ-PA-03791 60522-1F.TXT Boeing Proprietary SA-32 Page 2 of 2 

Table 1C Enclosure 4 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791 737-8 Block C Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

 Airframe Model MTOW 737-8 181,200 pounds Detail Specification D019A008-J (1 16 2015) Engine Model Thrust CFMLEAP-1B25 25,000 pounds Airframe Price Base Year Escalation Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Escalation Formula Estimated Optional Features Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Escalation Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate Refundable Deposit Aircraft at Proposal Accept Manufacturer Escalation Escalation Estimate Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) Delivery Number of Serial Factor P.A. Adv Payment Base Date Aircraft No. (Airframe) Lessee Exhibit A Price Per A P -2019 1 1 1 -2022 1 Total 4 Manufacturer serial number is subject to change due to production changes. 
 HAZ-PA-03791 73166-1F.TXT Boeing Proprietary SA-32 Page 1 

Table 1G Enclosure 5 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791 737-8 Block G Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

 Airframe Model MTOW 737-8 181,200 pounds Detail Specification D019A008-P (5 1 2017) Engine Model Thrust CFMLEAP-1B27 26,400 pounds Airframe Price Base Year Escalation Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Escalation Formula Optional Features Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Escalation Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate LIFT Seats Provided by Boeing (Estimate) Refundable Deposit Aircraft at Proposal Accept Manufacturer Escalation Escalation Estimate Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) Delivery Number of Serial Factor Lessee P.A. Adv Payment Base Date Aircraft No. (Airframe) Exhibit A Price Per A P -2022 1 1 1 -2022 1 Total 4 Manufacturer serial number is subject to change due to production changes. 
 HAZ-PA-03791 107613-1F.txt and 108782-1F.txt Boeing Proprietary SA-32 Page 1 

Table 1H1 Enclosure 6 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791 737-8 Block H1 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

 Airframe Model MTOW 737-8 181,200 pounds Detail Specification D019A008-R (12 8 2017) Engine Model Thrust CFMLEAP-1B27 26,400 pounds Airframe Price Base Year Escalation Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Escalation Formula Optional Features Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Escalation Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate LIFT Seats Provided by Boeing (Estimate) Deposit per Aircraft Manufacturer Escalation Escalation Estimate Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) Delivery Number of Serial Factor Lessee P.A. Adv Payment Base Date Aircraft No. (Airframe) Exhibit A Price Per A P -2023 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 -2023 1 Total 14 Manufacturer serial number is subject to change due to production changes. 
 HAZ-PA-03791 109141-1F.txt Boeing Proprietary SA-32 Page 1 

Table 1H6 Enclosure 7 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791 737-8 Block H6 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

 Airframe Model MTOW 737-8 182,200 Detail Specification D019A008-R (12 8 2017) Engine Model Thrust CFMLEAP-1B27 26,400 pounds Airframe Price Base Year Escalation Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Escalation Formula Optional Features Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Escalation Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate LIFT Seats Provided by Boeing (Estimate) Deposit per Aircraft Manufacturer Escalation Escalation Estimate Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) Delivery Number of Serial Factor Lessee P.A. Adv Payment Base Date Aircraft No. (Airframe) Exhibit A Price Per A P -2024 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 -2025 1 Total 15 Manufacturer serial number is subject to change due to production changes. 
 HAZ-PA-03791 109141-1F.txt Boeing Proprietary SA-32 Page 1 

Table 1J Enclosure 8 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791 737-8 Block J Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

 Airframe Model MTOW 737-8 174,166 pounds Detail Specification D019A008-B (5 18 2012) Engine Model Thrust CFMLEAP-1B25 25,000 pounds Airframe Price Base Year Escalation Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Escalation Formula Optional Features Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Escalation Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate LIFT Seats Provided by Boeing (Estimate) Deposit per Aircraft Manufacturer Escalation Escalation Estimate Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) Delivery Number of Serial Factor Lessee P.A. Adv Payment Base Date Aircraft No. (Airframe) Exhibit A Price Per A P -2022 1 Total 1 Manufacturer serial number is subject to change due to production changes. 
 HAZ-PA-03791 117000-1F.txt Boeing Proprietary SA-32 Page 1 

Table 1K Enclosure 9 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791 737-8 Block K Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

 Airframe Model MTOW 737-8 159,400 pounds Detail Specification D019A008-Y (12 18 2020) Engine Model Thrust CFMLEAP-1B27 26,400 pounds Airframe Price Base Year Escalation Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Escalation Formula Optional Features Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Escalation Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) In-Flight Entertainment (IFE) Estimate LIFT Seats Provided by Boeing (Estimate) Refundable Deposit Aircraft at Proposal Accept Manufacturer Escalation Escalation Estimate Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) Delivery Number of Serial Factor Lessee P.A. Adv Payment Base Date Aircraft No. (Airframe) Exhibit A Price Per A P -2025 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 -2026 1 Total 23 
 HAZ-PA-03791 118056-1F.txt Boeing Proprietary SA-32 Page 1 

Enclosure 10 
 The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

HAZ-PA-03791-LA-1208090 R14 

Air Lease Corporation 
 2000 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 1000N Los Angeles, CA 90067 

Subject Special Matters for 737-8 and 737-9 Aircraft 
 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and Air Lease Corporation Customer relating to Model 737-8 and 737-9 aircraft Aircraft 
 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement cancels and supersedes all previous versions with an acceptance date prior to the acceptance date indicated below and amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 1. Credit Memoranda . In consideration of Customer s purchase of the Aircraft, at the time of delivery of each such Aircraft or , unless otherwise noted, Boeing will provide to Customer the following credit memoranda 
 1.1 Basic Credit Memorandum . Boeing will issue to Customer a basic credit memorandum Basic Credit Memorandum at delivery of each Aircraft or in an amount shown in the table immediately below for the respective minor model and . 
 Basic Credit Memorandum Model Type Aircraft Block 737-8 Aircraft 737-9 Aircraft 737-9 
 737-8 
 Block A Block B Block C Block D Block E Block G Block H Block K Block L 
 
 1.2 Leasing Credit Memorandum . Customer expressly intends to lease the Aircraft and to a third party or parties Lessee or Lessees who are in the commercial airline business as aircraft operators. As an additional consideration and incentive for entering into a lease for the Aircraft and prior to delivery of each such 
 SA-32 
 Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Enclosure 10 

Aircraft or , Boeing will issue to Customer a leasing credit memorandum Leasing Credit Memorandum in an amount shown in the table immediately below for the respective Aircraft or minor model and . Customer will not be permitted to assign this Leasing Credit Memorandum without the prior written consent of Boeing. 
 
 Leasing Credit Memorandum Model Type Aircraft Block 737-8 Aircraft 737-9 Aircraft 737-9 
 737-8 
 Block A 
 Block B 
 
 Block C 
 Block D Block E Block G Block H Block K Block L 
 
 1.3 
 1.4 
 1.5 
 1.6 
 1.7 
 1.8 
 1.9 
 1.10 
 1.11 
 1.12 
 1.13 
 1.14 
 1.15 
 1.16 
 1.17 
 1.18 
 1.19 
 1.20 
 1.21 
 HAZ-PA-03791-LA-1208090 R14 
 SA-32 Special Matters for 737-8 and 737-9 Aircraft Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Enclosure 10 

1.22 
 1.23 
 1.24 
 1.25 
 1.26 
 1.27 
 1.28 
 1.29 
 1.30 
 1.31 
 1.32 
 1.33 
 1.34 
 1.35 
 1.36 
 1.37 
 1.38 
 1.39 
 1.40 
 1.41 
 1.42 
 1.43 
 1.44 
 1.45 
 1.46 
 1.47 
 1.48 Escalation of Credit Memoranda . Unless otherwise noted, the amounts of the Credit Memoranda stated in will be escalated from the base year indicated to the scheduled month of the respective Aircraft or delivery pursuant to the Airframe Escalation formula set forth in the Purchase Agreement applicable to such Aircraft or . The Credit Memoranda may, at the election of Customer, be (i) applied against the Aircraft Price of the respective Aircraft or at the time of delivery, or (ii) used for the purchase of other Boeing goods and services (but shall not be applied to advance payments). 
 2. 
 3. 
 4. 
 HAZ-PA-03791-LA-1208090 R14 
 SA-32 Special Matters for 737-8 and 737-9 Aircraft Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Enclosure 10 

5. 
 6. Assignment . 
 Unless otherwise noted herein, the Credit Memoranda described in this Letter Agreement are provided as a financial accommodation to Customer and in consideration of Customer s taking title to the Aircraft and at time of delivery and leasing the Aircraft and . This Letter Agreement cannot be assigned, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Boeing. 
 7. Confidentiality . 
 Customer understands and agrees that the information contained herein represents confidential business information of Boeing and has value precisely because it is not available generally or to other parties. Customer agrees to limit the disclosure of its contents to (a) its directors and officers, (b) employees of Customer with a need to know the contents for performing its obligations (including, without limitation, those employees performing accounting, finance, administration and other functions necessary to finance and purchase, deliver or lease the Aircraft) and who understand they are not to disclose its contents to any other person or entity (other than those to whom disclosure is permitted by this paragraph 7 without the prior written consent of Boeing and (c) any auditors, financial advisors, attorneys and independent contractors of Customer who have a need to know such information and have signed a confidentiality agreement in the same form and substance similar to this paragraph 7 . Customer shall be fully responsible to Boeing for compliance with such obligations. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Craig Simmons Its 
 Attorney-in-fact 
 ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date October 18, 2022 AIR LEASE CORPORATION By s Grant Levy Its Executive Vice President 
 
 HAZ-PA-03791-LA-1208090 R14 
 SA-32 Special Matters for 737-8 and 737-9 Aircraft Page 4 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Enclosure 11 
 The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

 HAZ-PA-03791-LA-1208079 R3 
 
 Air Lease Corporation 
 2000 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 1000N 
 Los Angeles, CA 90067 
 
 Subject 
 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and Air Lease Corporation Customer relating to Model 737-7, 737-8 and 737-9 aircraft 
 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement cancels and supersedes all previous versions with an acceptance date prior to the acceptance date indicated below and amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 1. 
 2. 
 3. 
 4. 
 5. 
 6. 
 7. Assignment . 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Purchase Agreement, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer s taking title to the Aircraft at the time of delivery and leasing the Aircraft and cannot be assigned in whole or, in part. 
 8. Confidential Treatment . 
 Customer understands and agrees that the information contained herein represents confidential business information of Boeing and has value precisely because it is not available generally or to other parties. Customer agrees to limit the disclosure of its contents to (a) its directors and officers, (b) employees of Customer with a need to know the contents for performing its obligations (including, without limitation, those employees performing accounting, finance, administration and other functions necessary to finance and purchase, deliver or lease the Aircraft) and who understand they are not to disclose its contents to any other person or entity (other than those to whom disclosure is permitted by this paragraph 8) without the prior written consent of Boeing and (c) any auditors, financial advisors, attorneys and independent contractors of Customer who have a need to know such information and have signed a confidentiality agreement in the same form and substance similar to this paragraph 8. Customer shall be fully responsible to Boeing for compliance with such obligations. 
 HAZ-PA-03791-LA-1208079 R3 
 SA-32 Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Enclosure 11 

Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Craig Simmons Its Attorney-in-fact ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date October 18, 2022 AIR LEASE CORPORATION By s Grant Levy Its Executive Vice President 
 
 HAZ-PA-03791-LA-1208079 R3 
 SA-32 Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

</EX-10.106>

<EX-10.107>
 4
 ex10107-q422.htm
 EX-10.107

Document 

Exhibit 10.107 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION MARKED BY HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) THE TYPE OF INFORMATION THAT THE REGISTRANT BOTH CUSTOMARILY AND ACTUALLY TREATS AS PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL. 

Supplemental Agreement No. 33 to Purchase Agreement No. 03791 between THE BOEING COMPANY and AIR LEASE CORPORATION 
 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT is entered into as of December 5, 2022 Supplemental Agreement No. 33 ), by and between THE BOEING COMPANY Boeing and AIR LEASE CORPORATION Customer ). 
 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer have entered into Purchase Agreement No. 03791 dated as of July 3, 2012, as amended and supplemented Purchase Agreement relating to the purchase and sale of Model 737-8 and 737-9 Aircraft 
 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer desire to . 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows 
 
 1. TABLE OF CONTENTS . 
 The Table of Contents is deleted in its entirety and replaced by a new Table of Contents, provided as Enclosure 1 to this Supplemental Agreement No. 33, and incorporated into the Purchase Agreement. The new Table of Contents reflects the revisions set forth in this Supplemental Agreement No. 33. 
 2. TABLES . 
 2.1 Table 1B is deleted in its entirety and replaced by a revised Table 1B, provided as Enclosure 2 to this Supplemental Agreement No. 33, which is incorporated into the Purchase Agreement by this reference. The new Table 1B . The revised Table 1B also . 
 2.2 Table 1H6 is deleted in its entirety and replaced by a revised Table 1H6, provided as Enclosure 3 to this Supplemental Agreement No. 33, which is incorporated into the Purchase Agreement by this reference. The new Table 1H6 . 
 3. LETTER AGREEMENTS . 
 HAZ-PA-03791 1 
 SA-33 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

3.1 Letter Agreement HAZ-PA-03791-LA-1208090R14, entitled , is deleted in its entirety, and replaced with a revised Letter Agreement HAZ-PA-03791-LA-1208090R15, entitled , which is provided as Enclosure 4 to this Supplemental Agreement No. 33, and incorporated into the Purchase Agreement. 
 4. MISCELLANEOUS . 
 4.1 All terms used but not defined in this Supplemental Agreement No. 33 will have the same meaning as such terms have in the Purchase Agreement. 
 4.2 This Supplemental Agreement No. 33 will become effective upon execution and receipt by both parties of this Supplemental Agreement No. 33. The terms of this Supplemental Agreement No. 33 will expire if not executed by December 5, 2022. 
 
 EXECUTED IN DUPLICATE as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY 
 AIR LEASE CORPORATION 
 By 
 s Craig Simmons 
 By s Grant Levy 
 Its Attorney-In-Fact Its 
 Executive Vice President 

HAZ-PA-03791 2 
 SA-33 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Enclosure 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 ARTICLES SA No. Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description SA-4 Article 2. Delivery Schedule Article 3. Price Article 4. Payment Article 5. Additional Terms 
 
 TABLES 1A 737-8 Block A Aircraft Information Table SA-32 1B 737-9 Block B Aircraft Information Table SA-33 1C 737-8 Block C Aircraft Information Table SA-32 1D 737-8 Block D Aircraft Information Table SA-26 1E 737-8 Block E Aircraft Information Table SA-29 1F 737-7 Block F Aircraft Information Table SA-24 1G 737-8 Block G Aircraft Information Table SA-32 1H1 737-8 Block H1 Aircraft Information Table SA-32 1H2 737-8 Block H2 Aircraft Information Table SA-29 1H3 737-8 Block H3 Aircraft Information Table SA-29 1H4 737-8 Block H4 Aircraft Information Table SA-29 1H5 737-8 Block H5 Aircraft Information Table SA-31 1H6 737-8 Block H6 Aircraft Information Table SA-33 1I 737-8 Block I Aircraft Information Table SA-27 1J 737-8 Block J Aircraft Information Table SA-32 1K 737-8 Block K Aircraft Information Table SA-32 1L 737-9 Block L Aircraft Information Table SA-31 
 
 HAZ-PA-03791 i 
 SA-33 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Enclosure 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 EXHIBITS A1 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-16 A2 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-16 A2-1 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration (Block I) SA-27 A3 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-16 A4 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-16 A5 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-16 A6 HAZ 737-9 Aircraft Configuration SA-19 A7 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-21 A7-1 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration (Block J) SA-28 A8 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-21 A9 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-21 A10 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-21 A11 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-21 A12 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-21 A13 HAZ 737-9 Aircraft Configuration SA-21 A14 HAZ 737-9 Aircraft Configuration SA-21 A15 HAZ 737-8 Baseline Aircraft Configuration SA-21 A16 HAZ 737-9 Baseline Aircraft Configuration SA-21 A17 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-24 A18 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-24 A19 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-25 A20 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-25 A21 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-25 A22 HAZ 737-9 Aircraft Configuration SA-25 A22-1 HAZ 737-9 Aircraft Configuration SA-28 A23 HAZ 737-9 Aircraft Configuration SA-26 A24 HAZ 737-8 Aircraft Configuration SA-31 B Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS AE1 Escalation Adjustment - Airframe and Optional Features BFE1 BFE Variables SA-9 CS1 Customer Support Variables EE1 , Engine Warranty and Patent Indemnity SLP1 Service Life Policy Components 
 
 HAZ-PA-03791 ii 
 SA-33 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Enclosure 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 LETTER AGREEMENTS SA No. LA-1208077 AGTA Matters LA-1208078R12 Advance Payment Matters SA-31 LA-1208079R3 SA-32 LA-1208080 Assignment of Customer s Interest to a Subsidiary or Affiliate LA-1208081 Other Matters LA-1208082 Demonstration Flight Waiver LA-1208083R4 SA-17 LA-1208084 Leasing Matters LA-1208085 Liquidated Damages for Non-Excusable Delay LA-1208086 Loading of Customer Software LA-1208087R1 Open Matters for 737-8 and 737-9 Aircraft SA-4 LA-1208088 Performance Matters LA-1208089R1 SA-4 LA-1208090R 15 
 Special Matters for 737-8 and 737-9 Aircraft SA- 33 
 LA-1208091 AGTA Term Revisions for 737-8 and 737-9 Aircraft LA-1208092 LA-1208958 LA-1208963 SA-4 LA-1209052 LA-1300032 SA-4 LA-1400773 SA-4 LA-1401489 SA-4 LA-1701519 Special Matters Related to SA-10 LA-1701714 Special Matters for 737-7 Aircraft SA-24 LA-1704831 Special Matters Relating to SA-14 LA-1704362 SA-15 LA-1805016R1 SA-31 LA-1805303 SA-18 LA-2003489 SA-26 LA-2100098 Miscellaneous Matters Block I Aircraft SA-27 LA-2101360 Miscellaneous Matters Block J Aircraft SA-28 
 
 HAZ-PA-03791 iii 
 SA-33 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Table 1B Enclosure 2 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791 737-9 Block B Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

 Airframe Model MTOW 737-9 194,700 pounds Detail Specification D019A007-B (5 18 2012) Engine Model Thrust CFMLEAP-1B28 27,900 pounds Airframe Price Base Year Escalation Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Escalation Formula Optional Features Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Escalation Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate Refundable Deposit Aircraft at Proposal Accept Manufacturer Escalation Escalation Estimate Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) Delivery Number of Serial Factor P.A. Adv Payment Base Date Aircraft No. (Airframe) Lessee Exhibit A Price Per A P -2019 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
 HAZ-PA-03791 60522-1F.TXT Boeing Proprietary SA-33 Page 1 of 2 

Table 1B Enclosure 2 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791 737-9 Block B Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

 1 1 1 1 -2024 1 Total 34 Manufacturer serial number is subject to change due to production changes. 
 HAZ-PA-03791 60522-1F.TXT Boeing Proprietary SA-33 Page 2 of 2 

Table 1H Enclosure 3 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791 737-8 Block H6 Aircraft Delivery, Description, Price and Advance Payments 

 Airframe Model MTOW 737-8 182,200 Detail Specification D019A008-R (12 8 2017) Engine Model Thrust CFMLEAP-1B27 26,400 pounds Airframe Price Base Year Escalation Formula Airframe Price Engine Price Base Year Escalation Formula Optional Features Sub-Total of Airframe and Features Airframe Escalation Data Engine Price (Per Aircraft) Base Year Index (ECI) Aircraft Basic Price (Excluding BFE SPE) Base Year Index (CPI) Buyer Furnished Equipment (BFE) Estimate Seller Purchased Equipment (SPE) Estimate LIFT Seats Provided by Boeing (Estimate) Deposit per Aircraft Manufacturer Escalation Escalation Estimate Advance Payment Per Aircraft (Amts. Due Mos. Prior to Delivery) Delivery Number of Serial Factor P.A. Adv Payment Base Date Aircraft No. (Airframe) Lessee Exhibit A Price Per A P -2024 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 -2025 1 Total 15 Manufacturer serial number is subject to change due to production changes. 
 HAZ-PA-03791 109141-1F.txt Boeing Proprietary SA-33 Page 1 

Enclosure 4 
 The Boeing Company P.O. Box 3707 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

HAZ-PA-03791-LA-1208090 R15 

Air Lease Corporation 
 2000 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 1000N Los Angeles, CA 90067 

Subject Special Matters for 737-8 and 737-9 Aircraft 
 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. PA-03791 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and Air Lease Corporation Customer relating to Model 737-8 and 737-9 aircraft Aircraft 
 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement cancels and supersedes all previous versions with an acceptance date prior to the acceptance date indicated below and amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 1. Credit Memoranda . In consideration of Customer s purchase of the Aircraft, at the time of delivery of each such Aircraft or , unless otherwise noted, Boeing will provide to Customer the following credit memoranda 
 1.1 Basic Credit Memorandum . Boeing will issue to Customer a basic credit memorandum Basic Credit Memorandum at delivery of each Aircraft or in an amount shown in the table immediately below for the respective minor model and . 
 Basic Credit Memorandum Model Type Aircraft Block 737-8 Aircraft 737-9 Aircraft 737-9 737-8 Block A Block B Block C Block D Block E Block G Block H Block K Block L 
 
 1.2 Leasing Credit Memorandum . Customer expressly intends to lease the Aircraft and to a third party or parties Lessee or Lessees who are in the commercial airline business as aircraft operators. As an additional consideration and incentive for entering into a lease for the Aircraft and prior to delivery of each such 
 SA-33 
 Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Enclosure 4 

Aircraft or , Boeing will issue to Customer a leasing credit memorandum Leasing Credit Memorandum in an amount shown in the table immediately below for the respective Aircraft or minor model and . Customer will not be permitted to assign this Leasing Credit Memorandum without the prior written consent of Boeing. 
 
 Leasing Credit Memorandum Model Type Aircraft Block 737-8 Aircraft 737-9 Aircraft 737-9 737-8 Block A Block B Block C Block D Block E Block G Block H Block K Block L 
 
 1.3 
 1.4 
 1.5 
 1.6 
 1.7 
 1.8 
 1.9 
 1.10 
 1.11 
 1.12 
 1.13 
 1.14 
 1.15 
 1.16 
 1.17 
 1.18 
 1.19 
 1.20 
 1.21 
 HAZ-PA-03791-LA-1208090R 15 
 SA-33 Special Matters for 737-8 and 737-9 Aircraft Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Enclosure 4 

1.22 
 1.23 
 1.24 
 1.25 
 1.26 
 1.27 
 1.28 
 1.29 
 1.30 
 1.31 
 1.32 
 1.33 
 1.34 
 1.35 
 1.36 
 1.37 
 1.38 
 1.39 
 1.40 
 1.41 
 1.42 
 1.43 
 1.44 
 1.45 
 1.46 
 1.47 
 1.48 Escalation of Credit Memoranda . Unless otherwise noted, the amounts of the Credit Memoranda stated in will be escalated from the base year indicated to the scheduled month of the respective Aircraft or delivery pursuant to the Airframe Escalation formula set forth in the Purchase Agreement applicable to such Aircraft or . The Credit Memoranda may, at the election of Customer, be (i) applied against the Aircraft Price of the respective Aircraft or at the time of delivery, or (ii) used for the purchase of other Boeing goods and services (but shall not be applied to advance payments). 
 2. 
 3. 
 4. 
 HAZ-PA-03791-LA-1208090R 15 
 SA-33 Special Matters for 737-8 and 737-9 Aircraft Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

Enclosure 4 

5. 
 6. Assignment . 
 Unless otherwise noted herein, the Credit Memoranda described in this Letter Agreement are provided as a financial accommodation to Customer and in consideration of Customer s taking title to the Aircraft and at time of delivery and leasing the Aircraft and . This Letter Agreement cannot be assigned, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Boeing. 
 7. Confidentiality . 
 Customer understands and agrees that the information contained herein represents confidential business information of Boeing and has value precisely because it is not available generally or to other parties. Customer agrees to limit the disclosure of its contents to (a) its directors and officers, (b) employees of Customer with a need to know the contents for performing its obligations (including, without limitation, those employees performing accounting, finance, administration and other functions necessary to finance and purchase, deliver or lease the Aircraft) and who understand they are not to disclose its contents to any other person or entity (other than those to whom disclosure is permitted by this paragraph 7 without the prior written consent of Boeing and (c) any auditors, financial advisors, attorneys and independent contractors of Customer who have a need to know such information and have signed a confidentiality agreement in the same form and substance similar to this paragraph 7 . Customer shall be fully responsible to Boeing for compliance with such obligations. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By s Craig Simmons 
 Its 
 
 Attorney-in-fact 
 ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date December 5, 2022 AIR LEASE CORPORATION By s Grant Levy Its Executive Vice President 
 
 HAZ-PA-03791-LA-1208090R 15 
 SA-33 Special Matters for 737-8 and 737-9 Aircraft Page 4 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

</EX-10.107>

<EX-10.148>
 5
 ex10148-q422.htm
 EX-10.148

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.148 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION MARKED BY HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) THE TYPE OF INFORMATION THAT THE REGISTRANT BOTH CUSTOMARILY AND ACTUALLY TREATS AS PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL. 

AMENDMENT N 38 

TO THE 

A320 NEO FAMILY PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

BETWEEN 

AIRBUS S.A.S. 
 
 as Seller 

and 

AIR LEASE CORPORATION 
 
 as Buyer 

Amendment N 38 to the ALC A320 NEO Family PA Ref. CLC-CT2206633 Page 1 7 

AMENDMENT N 38 TO THE 
 A320 NEO FAMILY PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 
 This amendment N 38 (the Amendment N 38 dated 3 October 2022 is made 
 
 BETWEEN 
 
 AIRBUS S.A.S. , a soci t par actions simplifi e, created and existing under French law having its registered office at 2 Rond-Point Emile Dewoitine, 31707 Blagnac-Cedex, France and registered with the Toulouse Registre du Commerce under number RCS Toulouse 383 474 814 (the Seller ), 
 
 and 
 
 AIR LEASE CORPORATION , a corporation organised and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, U.S.A., having its principal place of business at 2000 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 1000N, Los Angeles, California 90067, U.S.A. (the Buyer ). 
 
 The Buyer and the Seller together are referred to collectively as the Parties , and individually as a Party . 

WHEREAS 

A. On 10 May 2012, the Buyer and the Seller have signed a purchase agreement with reference CLC-CT1103377 for the manufacture and sale by the Seller and purchase by the Buyer of thirty-six (36) firm A320 NEO Family aircraft hereinafter together with its Exhibits and Letter Agreements referred to as the Purchase Agreement . 
 
 B. On 28 December 2012, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 1 to the Purchase Agreement for the manufacture and sale by the Seller and purchase by the Buyer of fourteen (14) incremental A320 NEO Family aircraft. 
 
 C. On 14 July 2014, the Seller and the Buyer entered into Amendment N 2 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things, . 
 
 D. On 14 July 2014, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 3 to the Purchase Agreement for the manufacture and sale by the Seller and purchase by the Buyer of sixty (60) incremental A320 NEO Family aircraft. 
 
 E. On 10 October 2014, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 4 to the Purchase Agreement for . 
 
 F. On 03 March 2015, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 5 to the Purchase Agreement for the cancellation of sixty (60) Amendment 3 NEO Aircraft and for the manufacture and sale by the Seller and purchase by the Buyer of ninety (90) incremental A321 NEO Family aircraft. 
 
 G. On 18 March 2015, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 6 to the Purchase Agreement in order to . 
 
 H. On 09 November 2015, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 7 to the Purchase Agreement in order to . 
 
 I. On 08 January 2016, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 8 to the Purchase Agreement in order to . 
 
 J. On 04 April 2016, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 9 to the Purchase Agreement in order to . 
 
 K. On 12 April 2016, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 10 to the Purchase Agreement in order to . 
 
 L. On 02 June 2016, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 11 to the Purchase Agreement in order to . 
 Amendment N 38 to the ALC A320 NEO Family PA Ref. CLC-CT2206633 Page 2 7 

M. On 17 August 2016, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 12 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things, . 
 
 N. On 20 December 2016, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 13 to the Purchase Agreement in order to . 
 
 O. On 03 March 2017, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 14 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things, . 
 
 P. On 10 April 2017, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 15 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things, . 
 
 Q. On 19 June 2017, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 16 to the Purchase Agreement in order to . 
 
 R. On 19 June 2017, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 17 to the Purchase Agreement in order to provide for the manufacture and sale of twelve (12) incremental A320 NEO Family aircraft. 
 
 S. On 12 July 2017, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 18 to the Purchase Agreement in order to amend certain terms of Amendment N 16. 
 
 T. On 31 July 2017, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 19 to the Purchase Agreement in order to . 
 
 U. On 29 September 2017, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 20 to the Purchase Agreement in order to . 
 
 V. On 27 December 2017, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 21 to the Purchase Agreement in order to provide for the manufacture and sale of six (6) incremental A320 NEO Family Aircraft. 
 
 W. On 16 February 2018, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 22 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things, . 
 
 X. On 31 December 2018, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 23 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things, . 
 
 Y. On 18 October 2019, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 24 to the Purchase Agreement in order to . 
 
 Z. On 20 December 2019, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 25 to the Purchase Agreement in order to cover (i) the manufacture and sale by the Seller and purchase by the Buyer of twenty-five (25) incremental A321 NEO Aircraft (ii) the manufacture and sale by the Seller and purchase by the Buyer of twenty-seven (27) A321XLR Aircraft and (iii) . 
 
 AA. On 07 April 2020, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 26 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things, . 
 
 AB. On 31 August 2020, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 27 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things, . 
 
 AC. On 22 December 2020, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 28 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things, . 
 
 AD. On 24 December 2020, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 29 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things, . 
 
 AE. On 28 April 2021, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 30 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things, . 
 
 AF. On 03 June 2021, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 31 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things, provide for the manufacture and sale by the Seller and purchase by the Buyer of one (1) incremental A321 NEO Aircraft. 
 Amendment N 38 to the ALC A320 NEO Family PA Ref. CLC-CT2206633 Page 3 7 

AG. On 31 July 2021, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 32 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things, . 
 
 AH. On 20 December 2021, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 33 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things, . 
 
 AI. On 20 December 2021, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 34 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things . 
 
 AJ. On 03 February 2022, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 35 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things, . 
 
 AK. On 25 March 2022, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 36 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things, . 
 
 AL. On 16 June 2022, the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 37 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things, . 
 
 The Purchase Agreement as amended and supplemented pursuant to the foregoing shall be referred to as the Agreement . 
 
 AM. The Parties now wish to enter into this Amendment N 38 in order to, among other things, , subject to the terms and conditions set out herein. 
 
 The terms herein , hereof and hereunder and words of similar import refer to this Amendment N 38. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein will have the meanings assigned thereto in the Agreement. 

NOW IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS 
 
 Amendment N 38 to the ALC A320 NEO Family PA Ref. CLC-CT2206633 Page 4 7 

1 

2 

3 

4 INCONSISTENCY AND CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
 4.1 In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of the Agreement and those of this Amendment N 38, the latter shall prevail to the extent of such inconsistency, whereas the part of the Agreement not concerned by such inconsistency shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 4.2 This Amendment N 38 reflects the understandings, commitments, agreements, representations and negotiations related to the matters set forth herein whatsoever, oral and written, and may not be varied except by an instrument in writing of even date herewith or subsequent hereto executed by the duly authorised representatives of both Parties. 
 
 4.3 This Amendment N 38 shall be treated by both Parties as confidential and shall not be released in whole or in part to any third party without the prior consent of the other Party except as may be required by law, or to professional advisors for the implementation hereof. 

5 COUNTERPARTS 
 
 This Amendment N 38 may be executed by the Parties in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 

6 LAW AND JURISDICTION 
 
 This Amendment N 38 will be governed by and construed and the performance thereof will be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its conflicts of laws provisions that would result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. 
 
 The other provisions of Clause 22.6 of the Agreement shall apply to this Amendment N 38 as if the same were set out in full herein, mutatis mutandis. 

Amendment N 38 to the ALC A320 NEO Family PA Ref. CLC-CT2206633 Page 5 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Amendment N 38 was entered into the day and year first above written. 

For and on behalf of 
 For and on behalf of 
 AIR LEASE CORPORATION 
 AIRBUS S.A.S. 
 By s Grant Levy 
 By s Beno t de Saint-Exup ry 
 Its Executive Vice President 
 Its Senior Vice President, Contracts 

Amendment N 38 to the ALC A320 NEO Family PA Ref. CLC-CT2206633 Page 6 7 

APPENDIX 1 
 DELIVERY SCHEDULE 

Amendment N 38 to the ALC A320 NEO Family PA Ref. CLC-CT2206633 Page 7 7 

</EX-10.148>

<EX-10.190>
 6
 ex10190-q422.htm
 EX-10.190

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.190 
 CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION MARKED BY HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) THE TYPE OF INFORMATION THAT THE REGISTRANT BOTH CUSTOMARILY AND ACTUALLY TREATS AS PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL. 

AMENDMENT N 8 

TO THE 

A220 PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

BETWEEN 

AIRBUS CANADA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
 
 as the Seller 

AND 

AIR LEASE CORPORATION 
 
 as the Buyer 

ALC Amendment N 8 to the A220 Purchase Agreement Ref. CLC-CT2206633 Page 1 5 

This amendment N 8 (the Amendment N 8 is made on the 3rd day of October 2022, 
 
 BETWEEN 
 
 AIRBUS CANADA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP , duly acting and represented by its managing general partner, AIRBUS CANADA MANAGING GP INC ., having its registered office at 13100 Boulevard Henri Fabre, Mirabel, QC, Canada J7N 3C6 (the Seller 
 
 AND 
 AIR LEASE CORPORATION , a corporation organised and existing under the Iaws of the State of Delaware, U.S.A., having its principal place of business at 2000 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 1000N, Los Angeles, California 90067, U.S.A. (the Buyer ). 
 
 The Buyer and Seller together are referred to as the Parties and individually as a Party . 
 
 WHEREAS 
 
 A. On 20 December 2019 the Buyer and the Seller have signed a purchase agreement with reference CLC-CT1906081 for the manufacture and sale by the Seller and purchase by the Buyer of certain A220 Aircraft hereinafter together with its Annexes and Letter Agreements referred to as the Purchase Agreement . 
 
 B. On 31 August 2020 the Buyer and the Seller entered into Amendment N 1 to the Purchase Agreement in order to, among other things, . 
 
 C. On 06 April 2021, the Parties entered into Amendment N 2 in order to, among other things, . 
 
 D. On 03 June 2021, the Parties entered into Amendment N 3 in order to, among other things, . 
 
 E. On 20 December 2022, the Parties entered into Amendment N 4 in order to, among other things, . 
 
 F. On 25 March 2022, the Parties entered into Amendment N 5 in order to, among other things, . 
 
 G. On 15 July 2022, the Parties entered into Amendment N 6 in order to, among other things, . 
 
 H. On 31 August 2022, the Parties entered into Amendment N 7 in order to, among other things, . 
 
 The Purchase Agreement as amended and supplemented pursuant to the foregoing shall be referred to as the Agreement . 
 
 I. The Parties now wish to enter into this Amendment N 8 in order to, among other things, , subject to the terms and conditions set out herein. 
 
 The terms herein , hereof and hereunder and words of similar import refer to this Amendment N 8. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein will have the meanings assigned thereto in the Agreement. 
 ALC Amendment N 8 to the A220 Purchase Agreement Ref. CLC-CT2206633 Page 2 5 

NOW IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS 
 
 1 

2 

3 

4 INCONSISTENCY AND CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
 4.1 In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of the Agreement and those of this Amendment N 8, the latter shall prevail to the extent of such inconsistency, whereas the part of the Agreement not concerned by such inconsistency shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 4.2 This Amendment N 8 reflects the understandings, commitments, agreements, representations and negotiations related to the matters set forth herein whatsoever, oral and written, and may not be varied except by an instrument in writing of even date herewith or subsequent hereto executed by the duly authorised representatives of both Parties. 
 
 4.3 This Amendment N 8 shall be treated by both Parties as confidential and shall not be released in whole or in part to any third party without the prior consent of the other Party except as may be required by law, or to professional advisors for the implementation hereof. 

5 COUNTERPARTS 
 
 This Amendment N 8 may be executed by the Parties in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 6 LAW AND JURISDICTION 
 
 This Amendment N 8 will be governed by and construed and the performance thereof will be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its conflicts of laws provisions that would result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. 
 
 The other provisions of Clause 21 of the Agreement shall apply to this Amendment N 8 as if the same were set out in full herein, mutatis mutandis. 

ALC Amendment N 8 to the A220 Purchase Agreement Ref. CLC-CT2206633 Page 3 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Amendment N 8 has been entered into on the date first written above. 
 
 AIRBUS CANADA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, 
 duly acting and represented by its managing general partner, 
 AIRBUS CANADA MANAGING GP INC ., 

Per s Beno t Schultz 
 Name Beno t Schultz 
 Title CEO 

AIR LEASE CORPORATION 
 Per s Grant Levy 
 Name Grant Levy 
 Title Executive Vice President 

ALC Amendment N 8 to the A220 Purchase Agreement Ref. CLC-CT2206633 Page 4 5 

APPENDIX 1 
 DELIVERY SCHEDULE 

ALC Amendment N 8 to the A220 Purchase Agreement Ref. CLC-CT2206633 Page 5 5 

</EX-10.190>

<EX-10.212>
 7
 ex10212-q422.htm
 EX-10.212

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.212 

 THIS AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made on 14 February 2023 between 
 (1) ALC Aircraft Limited whose registered office is at 22 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2 (the Company and 
 (2) Steven Udvar-H zy whose address is c o Air Lease Corporation, 2000 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 1000N, Los Angeles, CA 90047 you ), 
 (each a Party and together the Parties ). 
 IT IS AGREED as follows 
 1 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
 1.1 Headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 1.2 In this Agreement the following words and expressions shall have the following meanings 
 Board means the Board of Directors for the time being of the Company (including any committee of the Board duly appointed by it) 
 Companies Act means the Companies Act 2014 and all other statutes and statutory instruments or parts thereof which are to be read as one with or construed or read together as one with such statutes 
 Group means the Company and each Group Company and 
 Group Company means a company which is a Subsidiary or Holding Company of the Company or any Subsidiary of such Holding Company from time to time (and for this purpose Subsidiary and Holding Company have the meanings given to them respectively in sections 7 and 8 of the Companies Act 2014) together with such other companies as the Board may from time to time designate as a Group Company for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 2 DUAL EMPLOYMENT 
 2.1 The Parties acknowledge and agree that you are principally employed as Executive Chairman of Air Lease Corporation (the US Employment ). The Parties acknowledge and agree that your employment pursuant to this Agreement is as a consequence of and conditional and contingent upon the continuation of the US Employment. Your employment under this Agreement shall immediately cease on the termination of the US Employment. In such event, the Company shall pay you in lieu of notice in accordance with clause 12 in respect of termination of your employment under this Agreement. 
 2.2 The Parties further acknowledge that the Company in conjunction with Air Lease Corporation, reserves the right, at their joint discretion, to bring your employment under this Agreement and the dual employment arrangement to an end, in accordance with the termination provisions in clause 12 of this Agreement. In such event, the Company shall pay you in lieu of notice in accordance with clause 12 and you will revert to being solely employed and salaried pursuant to the US Employment. 
 3 APPOINTMENT AND FIXED-TERM 
 3.1 You shall be employed by the Company under this Agreement as Executive Officer of Marketing on a part-time, fixed-term basis. Subject to the provisions at clause 12 of this Agreement, your employment with the Company shall commence on 1 March 2023 (the Commencement Date and will automatically end on the fifth (5 th anniversary of the Commencement Date (the Fixed-Term ). On the third anniversary of the Commencement Date, the Company will review your dual employment arrangement to determine if the Company wishes to continue your employment under this Agreement for the remainder of the Fixed-Term or revert, upon giving you reasonable written notice, to your employment solely pursuant to the US Employment. 
 1 

3.2 Your commencement date for the purposes of any period of continuous employment and for statutory purposes is the Commencement Date. 
 3.3 The Unfair Dismissals Acts 1977-2015 shall not apply to a dismissal consisting only of the expiry of the Fixed-Term without its renewal. 
 4 DUTIES 
 4.1 While the list is not exhaustive, the main duties associated with your position role are to (i) pursue business leads within ALC Aircraft's market (Outside US) and field requests from current or prospective customers (ii) Negotiate terms of the LOI with current and prospective customers (iii) Identify suitable aircraft on the order book to fulfil customer contracts (iv) Negotiate terms of the final lease agreements (v) Conduct activities necessary to maintain active operating leases and (vi) Any other marketing type activities. 
 4.2 From time to time, and without further remuneration, other duties may be assigned to you by the Board consistent with your position at the Company, which may include duties to be performed on behalf of any Group Company. 
 5 HOURS OF WORK 
 5.1 You determine your own working hours for the purposes of section 3(2)(c) of the Organisation of Working Time Act 1997, however it is expected that you will devote 50 of your working time to your duties under this Agreement. 
 6 SALARY 
 6.1 Your basic salary is 875,000 gross per annum Basic Salary ), subject to deductions of tax required by law or provided for under this Agreement. Your Basic Salary is payable monthly in arrears by way of bank transfer into your nominated bank account. 
 7 PENSION 
 7.1 The Company will provide access for you to contribute to a standard Personal Retirement Savings Account PRSA by way of deductions of contributions from your Basic Salary. Full details are available from the Human Resources Department. The Company shall not make any employer contributions to the PRSA. 
 8 EXPENSES 
 8.1 You will be reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including hotel, travelling and entertainment expenses) which you may from time to time wholly, exclusively and necessarily incur in the proper performance of your duties. Such reimbursement will be in accordance with any relevant expenses policy from time to time and subject to the production of such receipts or other evidence as the Company may require. 
 9 DEDUCTIONS 
 9.1 The Company shall be entitled to deduct from your remuneration all sums owed by you to the Company. 
 10 HOLIDAYS 
 10.1 The Company's holiday year runs from 1 January to 31 December. You shall be entitled to pro-rated annual leave entitlements in accordance with the Organisation of Work Time Act 1997. 
 10.2 Upon termination of your employment you shall either be entitled to salary in lieu of any accrued but untaken holiday entitlement. 
 2 

11 ILLNESS AND INCAPACITY 
 11.1 In case of sickness or other incapacity for work, you must comply with the Company's policy from time to time in force regarding notification and medical certification. 
 12 TERMINATION 
 12.1 This agreement is immediately terminable by you by giving the Company written notice of termination or by the Company giving you the required period of written notice as set out in the Minimum Notice and Terms of Employment Act, 1973 (as may be amended from time to time) (the Termination Notice Period ). In the event of notice by either Party, the Company may request you take garden leave and not attend for work or perform duties during all or part of the Termination Notice Period. During that time you will continue to be employed by the Company and owe duties of fidelity and good faith to the Company and will remain bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall not be entitled to enter into any other employment. 
 12.2 The Company may, at its sole and absolute discretion, decide to pay you a sum equal to Basic Salary in lieu of all or part of the Termination Notice Period (subject to the deduction of applicable PAYE, PRSI and USC). Where payment is made in lieu, your employment shall terminate with immediate effect. For the avoidance of doubt, any payment in respect of any additional benefits (including any holiday entitlement) that might otherwise have been due during the period for which the payment in lieu is made. Payments in lieu are payable in accordance with the Company s payroll practices, but at least monthly. 
 12.3 The Company shall have the right to suspend you on full pay pending (i) any investigation (internal or external, disciplinary, regulatory or otherwise) and or (ii) any subsequent disciplinary hearing, (iii) and or any appeal hearing. 
 12.4 Notwithstanding the earlier provisions of this clause, the Company shall be entitled, by notifying you in writing, to terminate this Agreement without notice or any payment by way of compensation, damages, payment in lieu of notice or otherwise if you are guilty of gross misconduct or in circumstances which justify summary dismissal. 
 12.5 The exercise by the Company of its right to terminate under this clause shall be without prejudice to any other rights or remedies which the Company or any Group Company may have or be entitled to exercise against you. 
 13 DATA PROTECTION 
 13.1 Details of how and why the Company processes your personal data are contained in the Company s Data Privacy Notice which will be provided to you separately. You expressly acknowledge and agree that the terms of the Data Privacy Notice do not form part of your terms and conditions of employment, however, you will be asked to acknowledge receipt of the Data Privacy Notice. 
 14 COLLECTIVE AGREEMENTS 
 There are no collective agreements relevant to your employment with the Company. 
 15 NOTICES 
 15.1 Any notice given under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been served on you if it is served on you personally or, in the alternative, left at or sent by registered post to you at your usual address, as supplied by you to the Company. 
 15.2 Any notice given under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been served on the Company if it is hand delivered personally or sent by email or post (the chosen method of delivery to incorporate proof of delivery) to the Head of HR of Air Lease Corporation, copying the General Counsel of Air Lease Corporation. 
 3 

16 GOVERNING LAW 
 This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland and the parties to this Agreement hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish Courts. 
 17 COUNTERPARTS 
 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which, when executed, shall be an original and all the counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 18 GENERAL 
 18.1 This Agreement shall form the statement of your terms and conditions of employment in compliance with the provisions of the Terms of Employment (Information) Acts 1994 2014. 
 18.2 This Agreement constitutes the entire and only legally binding agreement between the Parties relating to your employment by the Company. All previous agreements, understandings, assurances, statements, promises, warranties, representations or misrepresentations (whether written or oral) between the Parties are superseded by this Agreement. 
 18.3 No failure or delay by the Company in exercising any remedy, right, power or privilege under or in relation to this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of the same nor shall any single or partial exercise of any remedy, right, power or privilege preclude any further exercise of the same or the exercise of any other remedy, right, power or privilege. No waiver of any particular breach of the provisions of this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any repetition of that breach. 
 18.4 If any provision of this Agreement shall be, or become, void or unenforceable for any reason within any jurisdiction, this shall affect neither the validity of that provision within any other jurisdiction nor any of the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 
 Remainder of Page Left Intentionally Blank 

4 

IN WITNESS whereof the parties have executed this Agreement on the date first written above. 
 SIGNED by 
 s Carol Forsyte 
 duly authorised to sign this agreement on behalf of ALC Aircraft Limited 
 in the presence of s Chelsea Athens 
 Signature of Witness 
 Chelsea Athens 
 Name of Witness 
 
 Address of Witness 
 Executive Assistant 
 Occupation of Witness 

s Steven Udvar-H zy 
 Signature of Steven Udvar-H zy 
 in the presence of 
 s Megan Bradford 
 Signature of Witness 
 Megan Bradford 
 Name of Witness 
 
 Address of Witness 
 Executive Assistant 
 Occupation of Witness 
 
 5 

</EX-10.212>

<EX-10.213>
 8
 ex10213-q422.htm
 EX-10.213

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.213 

 THIS AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made on 14 February 2023 between 
 (1) ALC Aircraft Limited whose registered office is at 22 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2 (the Company and 
 (2) John Plueger of whose address is c o Air Lease Corporation, 2000 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 1000N, Los Angeles, CA 90047 you ), 
 (each a Party and together the Parties ). 
 IT IS AGREED as follows 
 1 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
 1.1 Headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 1.2 In this Agreement the following words and expressions shall have the following meanings 
 Board means the Board of Directors for the time being of the Company (including any committee of the Board duly appointed by it) 
 Companies Act means the Companies Act 2014 and all other statutes and statutory instruments or parts thereof which are to be read as one with or construed or read together as one with such statutes 
 Group means the Company and each Group Company and 
 Group Company means a company which is a Subsidiary or Holding Company of the Company or any Subsidiary of such Holding Company from time to time (and for this purpose Subsidiary and Holding Company have the meanings given to them respectively in sections 7 and 8 of the Companies Act 2014) together with such other companies as the Board may from time to time designate as a Group Company for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 2 DUAL EMPLOYMENT 
 2.1 The Parties acknowledge and agree that you are principally employed as President and Chief Executive Officer of Air Lease Corporation (the US Employment ). The Parties acknowledge and agree that your employment pursuant to this Agreement is as a consequence of and conditional and contingent upon the continuation of the US Employment. Your employment under this Agreement shall immediately cease on the termination of the US Employment. In such event, the Company shall pay you in lieu of notice in accordance with clause 12 in respect of termination of your employment under this Agreement. 
 2.2 The Parties further acknowledge that the Company in conjunction with Air Lease Corporation, reserves the right, at their joint discretion, to bring your employment under this Agreement and the dual employment arrangement to an end, in accordance with the termination provisions in clause 12 of this Agreement. In such event, the Company shall pay you in lieu of notice in accordance with clause 12 and you will revert to being solely employed and salaried pursuant to the US Employment. 
 3 APPOINTMENT AND FIXED-TERM 
 3.1 You shall be employed by the Company under this Agreement as Executive Officer of Marketing on a part-time, fixed-term basis. Subject to the provisions at clause 12 of this Agreement, your employment with the Company shall commence on 1 March 2023 (the Commencement Date and will automatically end on the fifth (5 th anniversary of the Commencement Date (the Fixed-Term ). On the third anniversary of the Commencement Date, the Company will review your dual employment arrangement to determine if the Company wishes to continue your employment under this Agreement for the remainder of the Fixed-Term or revert, upon giving you reasonable written notice, to your employment solely pursuant to the US Employment. 
 1 

3.2 Your commencement date for the purposes of any period of continuous employment and for statutory purposes is the Commencement Date. 
 3.3 The Unfair Dismissals Acts 1977-2015 shall not apply to a dismissal consisting only of the expiry of the Fixed-Term without its renewal. 
 4 DUTIES 
 4.1 While the list is not exhaustive, the main duties associated with your position role are to (i) pursue business leads within ALC Aircraft's market (Outside US) and field requests from current or prospective customers (ii) Negotiate terms of the LOI with current and prospective customers (iii) Identify suitable aircraft on the order book to fulfil customer contracts (iv) Negotiate terms of the final lease agreements (v) Conduct activities necessary to maintain active operating leases and (vi) Any other marketing type activities. 
 4.2 From time to time, and without further remuneration, other duties may be assigned to you by the Board consistent with your position at the Company, which may include duties to be performed on behalf of any Group Company. 
 5 HOURS OF WORK 
 5.1 You determine your own working hours for the purposes of section 3(2)(c) of the Organisation of Working Time Act 1997, however it is expected that you will devote 30 of your working time to your duties under this Agreement. 
 6 SALARY 
 6.1 Your basic salary is 292,000 gross per annum Basic Salary ), subject to deductions of tax required by law or provided for under this Agreement. Your Basic Salary is payable monthly in arrears by way of bank transfer into your nominated bank account. 
 7 PENSION 
 7.1 The Company will provide access for you to contribute to a standard Personal Retirement Savings Account PRSA by way of deductions of contributions from your Basic Salary. Full details are available from the Human Resources Department. The Company shall not make any employer contributions to the PRSA. 
 8 EXPENSES 
 8.1 You will be reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including hotel, travelling and entertainment expenses) which you may from time to time wholly, exclusively and necessarily incur in the proper performance of your duties. Such reimbursement will be in accordance with any relevant expenses policy from time to time and subject to the production of such receipts or other evidence as the Company may require. 
 9 DEDUCTIONS 
 9.1 The Company shall be entitled to deduct from your remuneration all sums owed by you to the Company. 
 10 HOLIDAYS 
 10.1 The Company's holiday year runs from 1 January to 31 December. You shall be entitled to pro-rated annual leave entitlements in accordance with the Organisation of Work Time Act 1997. 
 10.2 Upon termination of your employment you shall either be entitled to salary in lieu of any accrued but untaken holiday entitlement. 
 2 

11 ILLNESS AND INCAPACITY 
 11.1 In case of sickness or other incapacity for work, you must comply with the Company's policy from time to time in force regarding notification and medical certification. 
 12 TERMINATION 
 12.1 This agreement is immediately terminable by you by giving the Company written notice of termination or by the Company giving you the required period of written notice as set out in the Minimum Notice and Terms of Employment Act, 1973 (as may be amended from time to time) (the Termination Notice Period ). In the event of notice by either Party, the Company may request you take garden leave and not attend for work or perform duties during all or part of the Termination Notice Period. During that time you will continue to be employed by the Company and owe duties of fidelity and good faith to the Company and will remain bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall not be entitled to enter into any other employment. 
 12.2 The Company may, at its sole and absolute discretion, decide to pay you a sum equal to Basic Salary in lieu of all or part of the Termination Notice Period (subject to the deduction of applicable PAYE, PRSI and USC). Where payment is made in lieu, your employment shall terminate with immediate effect. For the avoidance of doubt, any payment in respect of any additional benefits (including any holiday entitlement) that might otherwise have been due during the period for which the payment in lieu is made. Payments in lieu are payable in accordance with the Company s payroll practices, but at least monthly. 
 12.3 The Company shall have the right to suspend you on full pay pending (i) any investigation (internal or external, disciplinary, regulatory or otherwise) and or (ii) any subsequent disciplinary hearing, (iii) and or any appeal hearing. 
 12.4 Notwithstanding the earlier provisions of this clause, the Company shall be entitled, by notifying you in writing, to terminate this Agreement without notice or any payment by way of compensation, damages, payment in lieu of notice or otherwise if you are guilty of gross misconduct or in circumstances which justify summary dismissal. 
 12.5 The exercise by the Company of its right to terminate under this clause shall be without prejudice to any other rights or remedies which the Company or any Group Company may have or be entitled to exercise against you. 
 13 DATA PROTECTION 
 13.1 Details of how and why the Company processes your personal data are contained in the Company s Data Privacy Notice which will be provided to you separately. You expressly acknowledge and agree that the terms of the Data Privacy Notice do not form part of your terms and conditions of employment, however, you will be asked to acknowledge receipt of the Data Privacy Notice. 
 14 COLLECTIVE AGREEMENTS 
 There are no collective agreements relevant to your employment with the Company. 
 15 NOTICES 
 15.1 Any notice given under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been served on you if it is served on you personally or, in the alternative, left at or sent by registered post to you at your usual address, as supplied by you to the Company. 
 15.2 Any notice given under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been served on the Company if it is hand delivered personally or sent by email or post (the chosen method of delivery to incorporate proof of delivery) to the Head of HR of Air Lease Corporation, copying the General Counsel of Air Lease Corporation. 
 3 

16 GOVERNING LAW 
 This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland and the parties to this Agreement hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish Courts. 
 17 COUNTERPARTS 
 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which, when executed, shall be an original and all the counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 18 GENERAL 
 18.1 This Agreement shall form the statement of your terms and conditions of employment in compliance with the provisions of the Terms of Employment (Information) Acts 1994 2014. 
 18.2 This Agreement constitutes the entire and only legally binding agreement between the Parties relating to your employment by the Company. All previous agreements, understandings, assurances, statements, promises, warranties, representations or misrepresentations (whether written or oral) between the Parties are superseded by this Agreement. 
 18.3 No failure or delay by the Company in exercising any remedy, right, power or privilege under or in relation to this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of the same nor shall any single or partial exercise of any remedy, right, power or privilege preclude any further exercise of the same or the exercise of any other remedy, right, power or privilege. No waiver of any particular breach of the provisions of this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any repetition of that breach. 
 18.4 If any provision of this Agreement shall be, or become, void or unenforceable for any reason within any jurisdiction, this shall affect neither the validity of that provision within any other jurisdiction nor any of the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 
 Remainder of Page Left Intentionally Blank 

4 

IN WITNESS whereof the parties have executed this Agreement on the date first written above. 
 SIGNED by 
 s Carol Forsyte 
 duly authorised to sign this agreement on behalf of ALC Aircraft Limited 
 in the presence of s Chelsea Athens 
 Signature of Witness 
 Chelsea Athens 
 Name of Witness 
 
 Address of Witness 
 Executive Assistant 
 Occupation of Witness 

s John Plueger 
 Signature of John Plueger 
 in the presence of 
 s Megan Bradford 
 Signature of Witness 
 Megan Bradford 
 Name of Witness 
 
 Address of Witness 
 Executive Assistant 
 Occupation of Witness 
 
 5 

</EX-10.213>

<EX-10.214>
 9
 ex10214-q422.htm
 EX-10.214

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 10.214 

February 14, 2023 
 Steven Udvar-H zy 
 c o Air Lease Corporation 
 2000 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 1000N 
 Los Angeles, CA 90047 
 
 Dear Mr. Udvar-H zy, 
 This letter confirms your work assignment in Ireland. 
 At the request of Air Lease Corporation ALC US and ALC Aircraft Limited ALC Ireland ), you will provide services concurrently to both ALC US and ALC Ireland Dual Assignment ). As part of the services you will render for ALC Ireland, you will be offered employment with ALC Ireland and you will indicate your acceptance of the offer by signing an Irish employment contract Irish Contract ). ALC US acknowledges and agrees that you are currently employed by ALC US until such day when your employment with ALC US is terminated. Your employment with ALC Ireland pursuant to the Irish Contract, is as a consequence of and conditional and contingent upon the continuation of your employment with ALC US. 
 The termination of your employment under the Irish Contract does not automatically terminate your employment with ALC US. The termination of your employment with ALC US shall automatically terminate your employment with ALC Ireland pursuant to the Irish Contract. ALC Ireland in conjunction with ALC US reserves the right, at their joint discretion, to bring your employment with ALC Ireland pursuant to the Irish Contract to an end, in accordance with the termination provisions in clause 12 of the Irish Contract. In such event, ALC Ireland shall pay you in lieu of notice in accordance with clause 12 of the Irish Contract and you will revert to being solely employed and salaried by ALC US. For the avoidance of doubt, in case of conflict or inconsistency between the Irish Contract and the terms of this letter, the terms of this letter shall prevail, subject to applicable law. 
 Your current base salary at ALC US is 1,800,000 Base Salary ). Because you will now have a Dual Assignment, your Base Salary will be allocated as follows 
 ALC US 900,000 
 ALC Ireland 875,000 (representing 50 of your base salary in Euros) 
 Your total compensation will be reviewed annually by ALC US and ALC Ireland. For the duration of the assignment, you continue without interruption to be eligible for ALC US s annual performance-based incentive bonuses, long-term equity incentive awards, and any other benefits and retirement program ALC US Benefits ). ALC US will take into consideration your total compensation, duties and responsibilities to both ALC US and ALC Ireland in making any applicable calculations and determining relevant performance metrics and objectives under such bonuses, incentive awards, benefits and programs. Nothing in the Irish Contract will modify the amount of the ALC US Benefits, other than Base Salary, paid or provided to you by ALC US. To the extent that the ALC US Benefits are reduced as a result of your Dual Assignment, ALC US will pay you an additional amount equal to any such reductions. 
 You have entered into a Severance Agreement dated July 1, 2016, as amended, with ALC US ALC Severance Agreement ). Any payments under the ALC Severance Agreement will be calculated based on your total compensation with ALC US and ALC Ireland. Upon termination solely of your employment with ALC Ireland under the Irish Contract, you shall not be entitled to 
 2000 AVENUE OF THE STARS, SUITE1000N, LOS ANGELES, CA 90067 TEL (310) 553-0555 FAX (310) 553-0999 WWW.AIRLEASECORP.COM 

Page 2 

 receive the amounts provided for in Section 4.2(b)(ii), 4(2)b)(iii) and 4(2)(b)(iv) of the ALC Severance Agreement. 
 Nothing in this letter or the Irish Contract will modify ALC US s obligations to indemnify you and hold you harmless to the fullest extent permitted under the organizational documents of ALC US and any other indemnification agreements, arrangements or policies in effect at ALC US from time to time. 
 ALC US will provide tax review assistance to you at ALC US s cost so long as you maintain dual employment in the US and Ireland. If your employment with ALC Ireland pursuant to the Irish Contract results in an increased personal tax liability compared to your current US tax liability, ALC US will provide tax equalization to you, including gross-up assistance to help defray additional tax liabilities you may incur as a result of any payments to you in connection with this assignment being viewed as additional compensation by tax authorities. The tax equalization benefit will be such that the amount of payments that you retain in the aggregate in all jurisdictions is not less than the amount that you would retain if you were subject to income tax solely in the US. To the extent that you are required to pay taxes in any jurisdiction in advance of the payment of the tax equalization benefit (the Interim Period ), the tax equalization benefit will include interest, which will accrue during the Interim Period at the Applicable Federal Rate for the month in which you paid such taxes. ALC US and ALC Ireland, as applicable, will indemnify you for any adverse tax consequences in the United States, Ireland, and any other jurisdiction as a result of your entry into the Irish Contract and the Dual Assignment. The payments required by this paragraph and the preceding paragraph shall be made in no event later than the last day of your taxable year next following your taxable year in which the applicable tax is remitted to the Internal Revenue Service or any other applicable taxing authority. Any indemnification or make whole payments made to you shall be made in a manner that does not cause such payments to constitute deferred compensation under Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(10) and any successor thereto. 
 Payments made under clause 12 of the Irish Contract are not to be reduced or modified by any amounts paid under the ALC Severance Agreement. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sections 6.4(a), (b), (e) and (f) of your ALC Severance Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference, provided that any reference to your ALC Severance Agreement in such sections shall include the Irish Contract and this letter. 
 
 By accepting this offer, you agree to the provision of relevant information about you from ALC US to ALC Ireland, or vice versa, even if that means moving your personal data across international borders. 
 Yours sincerely, s Carol Forsyte Carol Forsyte Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer Air Lease Corporation 

Page 3 

 I accept the position as described in this letter 
 
 Signed s Steven Udvar-Hazy Date February 14, 2023 Acknowledged by s Carol Forsyte Carol Forsyte ALC Aircraft Limited 

</EX-10.214>

<EX-10.215>
 10
 ex10215-q422.htm
 EX-10.215

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 10.215 

February 14, 2023 
 John Plueger 
 c o Air Lease Corporation 
 2000 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 1000N 
 Los Angeles, CA 90047 
 Dear Mr. Plueger, 
 This letter confirms your work assignment in Ireland. 
 At the request of Air Lease Corporation ALC US and ALC Aircraft Limited ALC Ireland ), you will provide services concurrently to both ALC US and ALC Ireland Dual Assignment ). As part of the services you will render for ALC Ireland, you will be offered employment with ALC Ireland and you will indicate your acceptance of the offer by signing an Irish employment contract Irish Contract ). ALC US acknowledges and agrees that you are currently employed by ALC US until such day when your employment with ALC US is terminated. Your employment with ALC Ireland pursuant to the Irish Contract, is as a consequence of and conditional and contingent upon the continuation of your employment with ALC US. 
 The termination of your employment under the Irish Contract does not automatically terminate your employment with ALC US. The termination of your employment with ALC US shall automatically terminate your employment with ALC Ireland pursuant to the Irish Contract. ALC Ireland in conjunction with ALC US reserves the right, at their joint discretion, to bring your employment with ALC Ireland pursuant to the Irish Contract to an end, in accordance with the termination provisions in clause 12 of the Irish Contract. In such event, ALC Ireland shall pay you in lieu of notice in accordance with clause 12 of the Irish Contract and you will revert to being solely employed and salaried by ALC US. For the avoidance of doubt, in case of conflict or inconsistency between the Irish Contract and the terms of this letter, the terms of this letter shall prevail, subject to applicable law. 
 Your current base salary at ALC US is 1,000,000 Base Salary ). Because you will now have a Dual Assignment, your Base Salary will be allocated as follows 
 ALC US 700,000 
 ALC Ireland 292,000 (representing 30 of your base salary in Euros) 
 Your total compensation will be reviewed annually by ALC US and ALC Ireland. For the duration of the assignment, you continue without interruption to be eligible for ALC US s annual performance-based incentive bonuses, long-term equity incentive awards, and any other benefits and retirement program ALC US Benefits ). ALC US will take into consideration your total compensation, duties and responsibilities to both ALC US and ALC Ireland in making any applicable calculations and determining relevant performance metrics and objectives under such bonuses, incentive awards, benefits and programs. Nothing in the Irish Contract will modify the amount of the ALC US Benefits, other than Base Salary, paid or provided to you by ALC US. To the extent that the ALC US Benefits are reduced as a result of your Dual Assignment, ALC US will pay you an additional amount equal to any such reductions. 
 You have entered into a Severance Agreement dated July 1, 2016, as amended, with ALC US ALC Severance Agreement ). Any payments under the ALC Severance Agreement will be 
 2000 AVENUE OF THE STARS, SUITE1000N, LOS ANGELES, CA 90067 TEL (310) 553-0555 FAX (310) 553-0999 WWW.AIRLEASECORP.COM 

Page 2 

calculated based on your total compensation with ALC US and ALC Ireland. Upon termination solely of your employment with ALC Ireland under the Irish Contract, you shall not be entitled to receive the amounts provided for in Section 4.2(b)(ii), 4(2)b)(iii) and 4(2)(b)(iv) of the ALC Severance Agreement. 
 Nothing in this letter or the Irish Contract will modify ALC US s obligations to indemnify you and hold you harmless to the fullest extent permitted under the organizational documents of ALC US and any other indemnification agreements, arrangements or policies in effect at ALC US from time to time. 
 ALC US will provide tax review assistance to you at ALC US s cost so long as you maintain dual employment in the US and Ireland. If your employment with ALC Ireland pursuant to the Irish Contract results in an increased personal tax liability compared to your current US tax liability, ALC US will provide tax equalization to you, including gross-up assistance to help defray additional tax liabilities you may incur as a result of any payments to you in connection with this assignment being viewed as additional compensation by tax authorities. The tax equalization benefit will be such that the amount of payments that you retain in the aggregate in all jurisdictions is not less than the amount that you would retain if you were subject to income tax solely in the US. To the extent that you are required to pay taxes in any jurisdiction in advance of the payment of the tax equalization benefit (the Interim Period ), the tax equalization benefit will include interest, which will accrue during the Interim Period at the Applicable Federal Rate for the month in which you paid such taxes. ALC US and ALC Ireland, as applicable, will indemnify you for any adverse tax consequences in the United States, Ireland, and any other jurisdiction as a result of your entry into the Irish Contract and the Dual Assignment. The payments required by this paragraph and the preceding paragraph shall be made in no event later than the last day of your taxable year next following your taxable year in which the applicable tax is remitted to the Internal Revenue Service or any other applicable taxing authority. Any indemnification or make whole payments made to you shall be made in a manner that does not cause such payments to constitute deferred compensation under Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(10) and any successor thereto. 
 Payments made under clause 12 of the Irish Contract are not to be reduced or modified by any amounts paid under the ALC Severance Agreement. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sections 6.4(a), (b), (e) and (f) of your ALC Severance Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference, provided that any reference to your ALC Severance Agreement in such sections shall include the Irish Contract and this letter. 
 
 By accepting this offer, you agree to the provision of relevant information about you from ALC US to ALC Ireland, or vice versa, even if that means moving your personal data across international borders. 
 Yours sincerely, s Carol Forsyte Carol Forsyte Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer Air Lease Corporation 

Page 3 

I accept the position as described in this letter 

Signed s John Plueger Date February 14, 2023 Acknowledged by s Carol Forsyte Carol Forsyte ALC Aircraft Limited 

</EX-10.215>

<EX-21.1>
 11
 ex211-q422.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 LIST OF SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES OF AIR LEASE CORPORATION Name of Company Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Formation Percentage of Voting Securities Owned by the Registrant or a Subsidiary of the Registrant Ireland 
 ALC Blarney Aircraft Limited 
 100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 12
 ex231-q422.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-255862) on Form S-3 and (No. 333-174708 and No. 333-195755) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 16, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Air Lease Corporation and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 s KPMG LLP 
 Irvine, California 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 13
 ex311-q422.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John L. Plueger, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10 K of Air Lease Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)), for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 16, 2023 
 s John L. Plueger John L. Plueger 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 14
 ex312-q422.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Gregory B. Willis, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10 K of Air Lease Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)), for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 16, 2023 
 s Gregory B. Willis Gregory B. Willis 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 15
 ex321-q422.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Air Lease Corporation (the Company on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), I, John L. Plueger, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (i) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (ii) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 16, 2023 s John L. Plueger John L. Plueger 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 16
 ex322-q422.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Air Lease Corporation (the Company on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), I, Gregory B. Willis, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (i) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (ii) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 16, 2023 s Gregory B. Willis Gregory B. Willis 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 al-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 al-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 al-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 al-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 al-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

