<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1713407_0001713407-23-000025.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13882925</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>524440</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1869478</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5930540</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2737405</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2536966</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001713407-23-000025.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316165016
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001713407-23-000025
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BROOKFIELD REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001713407
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				822365593
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56428
		FILM NUMBER:		23739517

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 VESEY STREET
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10281
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-417-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 VESEY STREET
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10281

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OAKTREE REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170728

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001713407-23-000025.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 oak-20221231.htm
 10-K

oak-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ____ TO _____ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes X 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes X 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. X No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). X No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer X Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes No X 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes X 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes X 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant: No established market exists for the registrant s common stock. 
 The number of the registrant s outstanding shares of common stock as of February 28, 2023 was , consisting of 42,933,827 Class I shares, par value 0.01 per share, 37,665,910 Class S shares, par value 0.01 per share, 9,135,460 Class C shares, no par value per share, 80,876 Class D shares, par value 0.01 per share, and 3,303,661 Class E shares, no par value per share. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I. 
 1 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 2 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 6 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 46 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 46 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 46 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 46 
 PART II. 
 47 
 ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S C OMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 47 
 ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 
 58 
 ITEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 59 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 70 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 71 
 ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 71 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 71 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 72 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 
 72 
 PART III. 
 73 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 73 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 73 
 ITEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 73 
 ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 73 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 73 
 PART IV. 
 74 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 74 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 76 
 SIGNATURES 
 77 
 
 WEBSITE DISCLOSURE 
 Investors and others should note that we use our website, www.BrookfieldREIT.com , to announce material information to investors and the marketplace. While not all of the information that we post on our website is of a material nature, some information could be deemed to be material. Accordingly, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in us to review the information that we share on our website. Information contained on, or available through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this document. 

PART I. 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements include statements about our business, including, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies and objectives. You can generally identify forward-looking statements by our use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, believe, continue or other similar words. These statements include our plans and objectives for future operations, including plans and objectives relating to future growth and availability of funds, and are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to these statements involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to accurately predict and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements, and the forward-looking statements themselves, are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance that these forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate and our actual results, performance and achievements may be materially different from that expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in these forward looking statements, the inclusion of this information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives and plans, which we consider to be reasonable, will be achieved. 
 You should carefully review Item 1A - Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the risks and uncertainties that we believe are material to our business, operating results, prospects and financial condition. Except as otherwise required by federal securities laws, we do not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 
 An investment in shares of our common stock involves significant risks and is intended only for investors with a long-term investment horizon and who do not require immediate liquidity or guaranteed income. If we are unable to effectively manage the impact of these risks, we may not meet our investment objectives. Some of the more significant risks relating to an investment in shares of our common stock include: 
 We have a limited operating history, and there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully achieve our investment objectives. 
 We have held our current investments for a limited period of time and our stockholders will not have the opportunity to evaluate our future investments before we make them, which makes an investment in our common stock more speculative. 
 Since there is no public trading market for shares of our common stock, repurchase of shares by us will likely be the only way to dispose of your shares. Our share repurchase plan will provide stockholders with the opportunity to request that we repurchase their shares on a monthly basis, but we are not obligated to repurchase any shares and may choose to repurchase only some, or even none, of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased in any particular month in our discretion. In addition, repurchases will be subject to available liquidity and other significant restrictions. Further, our board of directors may modify or suspend our share repurchase plan if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. As a result, our shares should be considered as having only limited liquidity and at times may be illiquid. 
 We cannot guarantee that we will make distributions, and if we do, we may fund such distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations, and we have no limits on the amounts we may pay from such sources. 
 The purchase and repurchase price for shares of our common stock will generally be based on our prior month s net asset value NAV and will not be based on any public trading market. While there will be independent annual appraisals of our properties, the appraisal of properties is inherently subjective, and our NAV may not accurately reflect the actual price at which our assets could be liquidated on any given day. 
 We have no employees and are dependent on Brookfield REIT Adviser LLC (the Adviser to conduct our operations. The Adviser will face conflicts of interest as a result of, among other things, the allocation of investment opportunities among us and Other Brookfield Accounts (as defined below), the allocation of time of its investment professionals and the substantial fees that we will pay to the Adviser. 
 Our shares are being offering pursuant to a best efforts offering. If we are not able to raise a substantial amount of capital in the near term, our ability to achieve our investment objectives could be adversely affected. 
 1 

Principal and interest payments on any borrowings will reduce the amount of funds available for distribution or investment in additional real estate assets. Borrowing also increases our risk of loss and exposure to negative economic effects. 
 There are limits on the ownership and transferability of our shares. 
 Investing in commercial real estate assets involves certain risks, including but not limited to: tenants inability to pay rent; increases in interest rates and lack of availability of financing; tenant turnover and vacancies; and changes in supply of or demand for similar properties in a given market. 
 Our operating results will be affected by global and national economic and market conditions generally and by the local economic conditions where our properties are located, including changes with respect to rising interest rates, inflation, rising vacancy rates or decreasing market rental rates, fluctuations in the average occupancy, inability to lease space on favorable terms, bankruptcies, financial difficulties or lease defaults by our tenants, and changes in government rules, regulations and fiscal policies, such as property taxes, zoning laws, limitations on rental rates, and compliance costs with respect to environmental and other laws. 
 If we fail to maintain our qualifications as a real estate investment trust REIT and no relief provisions apply, our NAV and cash available for distribution to our stockholders could materially decrease as a result of being subject to corporate income tax. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 References herein to Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust, the Company, we, us, or our refer to Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, and its subsidiaries unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 
 History and Development of the Company 
 Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust was formed on July 27, 2017 as a Maryland corporation and has elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with the taxable year ended December 31, 2019. We seek to invest in well-located, high quality real estate properties that generate strong current cash flow and could further appreciate in value through our proactive, best-in-class asset management strategies. Our real estate-related debt strategy seeks to achieve high current income and superior risk-adjusted returns. We are structured as an umbrella partnership real estate investment trust UPREIT ), which means that we own substantially all of our assets through our operating partnership, Brookfield REIT Operating Partnership L.P. (the Operating Partnership ), a Delaware limited partnership, of which we are the sole general partner . 
 We are externally managed by our Adviser and have been since November 2, 2021. The Adviser is an affiliate of Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. (together with its affiliates, Brookfield ), which was formed on December 9, 2022 upon the distribution and listing by Brookfield Corporation (formerly Brookfield Asset Management Inc.) of 25 of its asset management business. Prior to November 2, 2021, we were externally managed by Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC (the Sub-Adviser ), an affiliate of Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. (together with its affiliates, Oaktree ). On November 2, 2021, we consummated a series of related transactions and actions that we refer to collectively as the Adviser Transition, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 the engagement of the Adviser as our adviser and the resignation of the Sub-Adviser as our adviser; 
 the engagement of the Sub-Adviser to (i) manage certain of our real estate properties (the Equity Option Investments and real estate-related debt investments (the Debt Option Investments and, together with the Equity Option Investments, the Oaktree Option Investments that we acquired prior to the consummation of the Adviser Transition and (ii) select and manage our liquid assets (cash, cash equivalents, other short-term investments, U.S. government securities, agency securities, corporate debt, liquid real estate-related equity or debt securities and other investments for which there is reasonable liquidity) (the Liquidity Sleeve 
 our entry into an Option Investments Purchase Agreement with Oaktree (the Option Investments Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which Oaktree may purchase the Operating Partnership s entire interest in the Equity Option Investments or the Debt Option Investments, or both, subject to certain restrictions; and 
 the engagement of Brookfield Oaktree Wealth Solutions LLC (the Dealer Manager as the dealer manager for the Offering. 
 On April 30, 2018, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), declared effective our registration statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-223022) for our initial public offering of up to 1,600,000,000 in shares in our primary offering and up to 400,000,000 in shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (the Initial Public Offering ). 
 2 

On November 2, 2021, the SEC declared effective our registration statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-255557) for our follow-on public offering of up to 6,000,000,000 in shares in our primary offering and up to 1,500,000,000 in shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (the Follow-On Public Offering or the Offering ). The Initial Public Offering terminated upon the commencement of the Follow-On Public Offering. 
 Pursuant to the Follow-On Public Offering, we are offering to sell any combination of classes of shares of our common stock, Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount. The share classes have different upfront selling commissions and ongoing stockholder servicing fees. The purchase price per share for each class of common stock in the Follow-On Public Offering will vary and will generally equal our prior month s NAV per share, as determined monthly, plus applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees. 
 As of March 16, 2023, we had received aggregate offering proceeds of 344.2 million from selling an aggregate 25,737,520 shares of our common stock (consisting of 6,219,057 Class I shares, 19,413,925 Class S shares, and 104,538 Class D shares). We have primarily used the net proceeds to make investments in real estate, real estate-related debt and real estate-related securities. 
 Business Overview 
 Our investment objectives are to invest in assets that will enable us to: 
 provide sustainable, stable income in the form of regular cash distributions to our stockholders; 
 protect and preserve stockholders invested capital; 
 generate appreciation from asset and market selection and hands-on, proactive asset management to grow property cash flows; and 
 provide an investment alternative for stockholders seeking to allocate a portion of their long-term investment portfolios to high-quality commercial and residential real estate with lower volatility than publicly traded real estate companies. 
 Our investment strategy is to invest in a diversified portfolio of: 
 Income-producing real estate : High-quality properties in desirable locations primarily income-producing U.S. commercial real estate with upside potential through active asset management; 
 Real estate-related debt : Performing real estate debt, primarily commercial first mortgages and mezzanine loans; and 
 Real estate-related securities : Real estate-related securities, structured products and cash equivalents for purposes of liquidity management. 
 We anticipate approximately 80 of our portfolio (potentially ranging between 65 and 90 will be comprised of income-producing real estate, and approximately 20 of our portfolio (potentially ranging between 10 and 35 will be comprised of real estate-related debt and securities. 
 We seek to achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns through investments in real estate assets with an emphasis on stable current income and long-term growth potential. Consistent with Brookfield s and Oaktree s shared investment philosophy, we seek to achieve attractive returns and mitigate downside risk by identifying price discounts relative to intrinsic value and replacement cost. 
 Our investment strategy seeks to capitalize on Brookfield s deep expertise as an owner and operator of real assets with a long-standing history of creating value and delivering strong risk-adjusted returns across market cycles. We also seek to benefit from Brookfield s disciplined investment approach, as well as its scale and ability to identify and acquire our target investments at attractive pricing. Brookfield is a leading global alternative asset manager with approximately 800 billion of assets under management across real estate, infrastructure, renewable power and transition, private equity and credit. Brookfield invests client capital for the long-term and offers a range of alternative investment products to investors around the world including public and private pension plans, endowments and foundations, sovereign wealth funds, financial institutions, insurance companies and private wealth investors. 
 Investments in Real Estate 
 We invest primarily in stabilized, income-generating real estate across various segments, including multifamily, net lease, office, logistics, single-family rental and alternative property types. The majority of our portfolio is concentrated in the United States, but we may selectively invest in large global cities where our sponsor, Brookfield, has comprehensive capabilities, such as Toronto, London, Sydney and Seoul. 
 We do not designate specific geography or sector allocations for the portfolio; rather we invest in regions or asset classes where we see the best opportunities that support our investment objectives. 
 3 

As of December 31, 2022, we owned a diversified portfolio of 18 properties, 480 single-family rental homes, and one unconsolidated interest in a real estate joint venture. Our real estate properties consisted of multifamily (56 ), net lease (26 ), single-family rental (7 ), office (6 and logistics (5 based on the asset value of our real estate investments. 
 Investments in Real Estate-Related Debt and Securities 
 Our real estate-related debt and securities strategy seeks to achieve high current income and superior risk-adjusted returns. Our real estate-related debt investments focus on performing real estate-related debt, primarily commercial first mortgages and mezzanine loans, where the investment strategy is not intended to result in real estate ownership. Our investments in real estate-related securities include commercial mortgage backed securities CMBS ), residential mortgage-backed securities RMBS ), and real estate-related corporate debt. In addition to serving our investment purposes, our investments in real estate-related securities will also provide a source of liquidity for our share repurchase plan and cash management. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our real estate-related debt and securities consisted of 79 investments with an aggregate fair value of approximately 333 million. 
 Leverage 
 We use financial leverage to provide additional funds to support our investment activities. This allows us to make more investments than would otherwise be possible, resulting in a broader portfolio of investments. Subject to the limitation on indebtedness for money borrowed in our charter described below, our target leverage ratio is 50 to 60 . Our leverage ratio is measured by dividing (i) the consolidated property-level and entity-level debt, excluding any third-party interests in such debt, net of cash, loan-related restricted cash, and trading securities by (ii) the gross asset value of real estate equity investments (calculated using the greater of fair value and cost of gross real estate assets), excluding any third-party interests in such investments, plus our equity in real estate-related debt investments. We have no indebtedness on our real estate-related debt investments. 
 We have limits in our charter prohibiting us from borrowing more than 300 of our net assets, which approximates borrowing 75 of the cost of our investments. We may exceed this limit if a majority of our independent directors approves each borrowing in excess of the limit and we disclose the justification for doing so to our stockholders. 
 Financing a portion of the purchase price of our assets will allow us to broaden our portfolio by increasing the funds available for investment. Financing a portion of the purchase price is not free from risk, however, as using debt requires us to pay interest and principal, referred to as debt service, all of which decrease the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders or other purposes. We may also be unable to refinance the debt at maturity on favorable or equivalent terms, if at all, exposing us to the potential risk of loss with respect to assets pledged as collateral for loans. Certain of our debt is floating rate and the effective interest rates on such debt will increase when the relevant interest benchmark increases. 
 Taxation of the Company 
 We qualified as a REIT under the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with the taxable year ended December 31, 2019. We generally must distribute annually at least 90 of our taxable net income, subject to certain adjustments and excluding any net capital gain, in order for U.S. federal income tax not to apply to our earnings that we distribute. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100 of our net taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal tax laws. 
 Regulation 
 As an owner of real estate, we are subject to various environmental, securities, tax, property, housing (including laws related to rent and tenant rights) and other laws of federal, state and local governments. Compliance with federal, state and local laws is not expected to have a material, adverse effect on our business, assets, results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions, and we do not expect to incur material expenditures to comply with these laws and regulations. 
 Competition 
 The activity of identifying, completing and realizing attractive real estate and real estate-related investments is highly competitive. We face competition for investments from other real estate investment vehicles, as well as individuals and companies, publicly-traded REITs, financial institutions (such as mortgage banks and pension funds), hedge funds and investment funds affiliated with other financial sponsors or institutional real estate investors, private equity and debt investors, and credit vehicles. Further, over the past several years, many real estate funds and publicly traded REITs have been formed (and many such existing funds have grown in size) for the purpose of investing in real estate assets and real estate debt. In recent years, hedge funds and other participants have also become increasingly active in the private mezzanine market. Other Brookfield Accounts, particularly those with investment strategies that overlap with ours, may create competition for 
 4 

investment opportunities. Many of these entities may have greater access to capital to make investments than we have. In the face of this competition, we have access to our Adviser s and Brookfield s professionals and their industry expertise and relationships, which we believe provide us with a competitive advantage and help us source, evaluate and compete for potential investments. We believe these relationships will enable us to compete more effectively for attractive investment opportunities. 
 Human Capital 
 We do not currently have any employees and rely on our Adviser to provide us with investment advisory services. These services are provided by individuals who are employees of our Adviser or one of its affiliates and each of our officers is an employee of our Adviser or one of its affiliates. Our executive officers also serve as officers of our Adviser and certain of its affiliates. 
 Conflicts of Interest 
 We are subject to conflicts of interest arising out of our relationship with Brookfield, including the Adviser and its affiliates. See Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Related to our Relationship with Brookfield . 
 Available Information 
 Stockholders may obtain copies of our filings with the SEC, free of charge, from the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov or from our website at www.BrookfieldREIT.com . We are providing the address to our website solely for the information of investors. The information on our website is not part of or incorporated by reference into this report. 
 
 5 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure 
 We have a history of net losses and an accumulated deficit. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 we had net losses attributable to stockholders under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP and an accumulated deficit. It is possible that we will continue to experience net losses and to accumulate additional deficits, which may negatively affect the value of our shares of common stock. 
 We have a limited operating history, and there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully achieve our investment objectives. 
 We have a limited operating history and we may not be able to achieve our investment objectives. We cannot assure you that the past experiences of affiliates of the Adviser will be sufficient to allow us to successfully achieve our investment objectives. As a result, an investment in our shares of common stock may entail more risk than the shares of common stock of a REIT with a substantial operating history. 
 While our investment strategy and the investment programs of Other Brookfield Accounts each involve real estate-related investments and overlapping personnel, each of these accounts and strategies has distinct investment activities. Brookfield s experience in managing Other Brookfield Accounts is not necessarily applicable to us. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully identify, make and realize upon any particular investment or generate returns for our investors (or that such returns will be commensurate with the risks associated with an investment in us). Furthermore, there can be no assurance that our investors will receive any distributions from us. Accordingly, an investment in us should only be considered by investors who can afford a loss of their entire investment. 
 We have held our current investments for a limited period of time and our stockholders will not have the opportunity to evaluate our future investments before we make them, which makes an investment in our common stock more speculative. 
 We have held our current investments for a limited period of time and are not able to provide you with any information to assist you in evaluating the merits of any specific properties or real estate-related securities that we may acquire in the future, except for investments that may be described in one or more supplements to the prospectus for the Offering. We will continue to seek to invest substantially all of the net offering proceeds from the Offering, after the payment of fees and expenses, in the acquisition of or investment in interests in properties and real estate-related investments. However, because investors will be unable to evaluate the economic merit of our investments before we make them, investors will have to rely entirely on the ability of the Adviser to select suitable and successful investment opportunities. There can be no assurance that the Adviser will be successful in obtaining suitable investments or that, if such investments are made, our investment objectives will be achieved. Furthermore, the Adviser has broad discretion in selecting the properties we will invest in and the tenants of those properties, and investors will not have the opportunity to evaluate potential investments. These factors increase the risk that an investment in our common stock may not generate returns comparable to other real estate investment alternatives. 
 The Adviser manages our portfolio pursuant to very broad investment guidelines and generally is not required to seek the approval of our board of directors for each investment, financing or asset allocation decision made by it, which may result in our making riskier investments and which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our board of directors has approved very broad investment guidelines that delegate to the Adviser the authority to execute acquisitions and dispositions of real estate properties and real estate-related investments on our behalf, in each case so long as such investments are consistent with the investment guidelines and our charter. There can be no assurance that the Adviser will be successful in applying any strategy or discretionary approach to our investment activities. Our current investments may not be representative of our future investments. Our board of directors (including our independent directors) will review our investment guidelines on an annual basis (or more often as it deems appropriate) and our investment portfolio periodically. The prior approval of our board of directors or a committee of independent directors will be required only as set forth in our charter (including for transactions with affiliates of the Adviser) or for the acquisition or disposition of assets that are not in accordance with our investment guidelines. In addition, in conducting periodic reviews, our directors will rely primarily on information provided to them by the Adviser. Furthermore, transactions entered into on our behalf by the Adviser may be costly, difficult or impossible to unwind when they are subsequently reviewed by our board of directors. 
 
 6 

There is no public trading market for shares of our common stock; therefore, stockholders ability to dispose of our shares will likely be limited to repurchase by us. If stockholders do sell their shares to us, they may receive less than the price they paid. 
 There is no current public trading market for shares of our common stock, and we do not expect that such a market will ever develop. Therefore, repurchase of shares by us will likely be the only way for stockholders to dispose of their shares. We will repurchase shares at a price equal to the transaction price of the class of shares being repurchased on the date of repurchase (which will generally be equal to our prior month s NAV per share), and not based on the price at which stockholders initially purchased their shares. Subject to limited exceptions, shares repurchased within one year of the date of issuance will be repurchased at 98 of the transaction price (the Early Repurchase Deduction ). As a result, stockholders may receive less than the price they paid for their shares when they sell them to us pursuant to our share repurchase plan. 
 Repurchases through our share repurchase plan are limited. We may choose to repurchase fewer shares than have been requested to be repurchased, in our discretion at any time, and the amount of shares we may repurchase is subject to caps. Further, our board of directors may modify or suspend our share repurchase plan if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. 
 We may choose to repurchase fewer shares than have been requested in any particular month to be repurchased under our share repurchase plan, or none at all, in our discretion at any time. We may repurchase fewer shares than have been requested to be repurchased due to lack of readily available funds because of adverse market conditions beyond our control, the need to maintain liquidity for our operations or because we have determined that investing in real property or other illiquid investments is a better use of our capital than repurchasing our shares. In addition, the total amount of shares that we will repurchase will be limited, in any calendar month, to shares whose aggregate value (based on the repurchase price per share on the date of the repurchase) is no more than 2 of our aggregate NAV as of the last day of the previous calendar month and, in any calendar quarter, to shares whose aggregate value is no more than 5 of our aggregate NAV as of the last day of the previous calendar quarter. Further, our board of directors may modify or suspend our share repurchase plan if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. If the full amount of all shares of our common stock requested to be repurchased in any given month is not repurchased, funds will be allocated pro rata based on the total number of shares of common stock being repurchased without regard to class and subject to the volume limitation. All unsatisfied repurchase requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next month or quarter, or upon the recommencement of the share repurchase plan, as applicable. 
 The vast majority of our assets will consist of properties that cannot generally be readily liquidated without impacting our ability to realize full value upon their disposition. Therefore, we may not always have a sufficient amount of cash to immediately satisfy repurchase requests. Should repurchase requests, in our judgment, place an undue burden on our liquidity, adversely affect our operations or risk having an adverse impact on us as a whole, or should we otherwise determine that investing our liquid assets in real properties or other illiquid investments rather than repurchasing our shares is in the best interests of us as a whole, then we may choose to repurchase fewer shares than have been requested to be repurchased, or none at all. Furthermore, our board of directors may agree for the benefit of one or more of our stockholders to restrict repurchases in a manner that is intended to result in our being treated as a domestically controlled REIT within the meaning of Section 897(h)(4)(B) of the Code. Because we are not required to authorize the recommencement of the share repurchase plan within any specified period of time, we may effectively terminate the plan by suspending it indefinitely. As a result, stockholder ability to have their shares repurchased by us may be limited and at times stockholders may not be able to liquidate their investment. 
 Economic events that may cause our stockholders to request that we repurchase their shares may materially adversely affect our cash flow and our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Economic events affecting the U.S. economy, such as the general negative performance of the real estate sector, rising interest rates and inflation could cause our stockholders to seek to sell their shares to us pursuant to our share repurchase plan at a time when such events are adversely affecting the performance of our assets. Even if we decide to satisfy all resulting repurchase requests, our cash flow could be materially adversely affected. In addition, if we determine to sell assets to satisfy repurchase requests, we may not be able to realize the return on such assets that we may have been able to achieve had we sold at a more favorable time, and our results of operations and financial condition, including, without limitation, breadth of our portfolio by property type and location, could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 7 

The amount and source of distributions we may make to our stockholders is uncertain, and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows from our operations to make distributions to our stockholders at any time in the future. 
 We have not established a minimum distribution payment level, and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including the risk factors described in this report. Our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of our board of directors) will make determinations regarding distributions based upon, among other factors, our financial performance, debt service obligations, debt covenants, REIT qualification and other tax considerations, Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act exemptions, capital expenditure requirements and applicable law. Among the factors that could impair our ability to make distributions to our stockholders are: 
 the limited size of our portfolio in the early stages of our development; 
 our inability to invest the proceeds from sales of our shares on a timely basis in income-producing properties; 
 our inability to realize attractive risk-adjusted returns on our investments; 
 high levels of expenses or reduced revenues that reduce our cash flow or non-cash earnings; and 
 defaults in our investment portfolio or decreases in the value of our investments. 
 As a result, we may not be able to make distributions to our stockholders at any time in the future, and the level of any distributions we do make to our stockholders may not increase or even be maintained over time, any of which could materially and adversely affect the value of our shares. 
 We may pay distributions and fund share repurchases from sources other than our cash flow from operations and we have no limits on the amounts we may pay from such sources. 
 We may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to fully fund distributions to stockholders, particularly during the early stages of our operations. Therefore, particularly in the earlier part of the Offering, we may fund distributions to our stockholders from sources other than cash flow from operations. Similarly, we may fund share repurchases from sources other than our cash flow from operations. The extent to which we pay distributions and fund share repurchases from sources other than cash flow from operations will depend on various factors, including the level of participation in our distribution reinvestment plan, level of share repurchase requests, the extent to which the Adviser elects to receive its management or performance fees in Class E or Class I shares or Class E or Class I units of the Operating Partnership, how quickly we invest the proceeds from this and any future offering and the performance of our investments along with tax and Investment Company Act considerations relating thereto. 
 Funding distributions from the proceeds of the sale of properties and other real estate-related assets that we acquire, the repayment of loans that we acquire or originate, borrowings, return of capital or proceeds of the Offering will result in a reduction of assets available to acquire properties or other real estate-related investments. Share repurchases would also result in such a reduction of assets available to acquire properties or other real estate-related investments. As a result, the return stockholders realize on their investment may be reduced. Doing so may also negatively impact our ability to generate cash flows. Likewise, funding distributions from the sale of additional securities will dilute existing stockholder interest in us on a percentage basis and may impact the value of stockholders investments, especially if we sell these securities at prices less than the price they paid for their shares. Funding share repurchases from the sale of additional securities will impact the value of stockholders' investments if we sell these securities at prices less than the price at which we repurchase shares. We may be required to continue to fund our regular distributions and share repurchases from a combination of some of these sources if our investments fail to perform, if expenses are greater than our revenues or due to numerous other factors. We have not established a limit on the amount of our distributions or repurchases that may be paid from any of these sources. We believe that the likelihood that we pay distributions and fund share repurchases from sources other than cash flow from operations will be higher in the early stages of the Offering. 
 To the extent we borrow funds to pay distributions or fund repurchases, we would incur borrowing costs and these borrowings would require a future repayment. The use of these sources for distributions and the ultimate repayment of any liabilities incurred could adversely impact our ability to pay distributions or fund repurchases in future periods, decrease our NAV, decrease the amount of cash we have available for operations and new investments and adversely impact the value of our shares. 
 In addition, as noted above, we may defer operating expenses or pay expenses (including the fees of the Adviser) with shares of our common stock in order to preserve cash flow for the payment of distributions. The ultimate repayment of these deferred expenses could adversely affect our operations and reduce the future return on our shares. The payment of expenses in shares of our common stock will dilute stockholders ownership interest in our portfolio of assets. There is no guarantee any of our operating expenses will be deferred and the Adviser is under no obligation to receive fees in shares of our common stock or Operating Partnership units and may elect to receive such amounts in cash. 
 8 

Payments to the Adviser in respect of any common stock or Operating Partnership units it elects to receive in lieu of fees will dilute future cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 The Adviser may choose to receive our common stock or Operating Partnership units, respectively, in lieu of certain fees. The holders of all Operating Partnership units are entitled to receive cash from operations pro rata with the distributions being paid to us and such distributions to the holder of the Operating Partnership units will reduce the cash available for distribution to us and to our stockholders. Furthermore, under certain circumstances the Operating Partnership units held by the Adviser are required to be repurchased, and there may not be sufficient cash to make such a repurchase payment; therefore, we may need to use cash from operations, borrowings, offering proceeds or other sources to make the payment, which will reduce cash available for distribution to you or for investment in our operations. Repurchases from the Adviser of our shares that were paid to the Adviser as management or performance fees are not subject to the monthly and quarterly volume limitations or the Early Repurchase Deduction, and such repurchases receive priority over other shares for which repurchase is requested during such period. 
 Purchases and repurchases of shares of our common stock may not be made based on the current NAV per share of our common stock. 
 Generally, our offering price per share and the price at which we make repurchases of our shares will equal the NAV per share of the applicable class as of the last calendar day of the prior month, plus, in the case of our offering price, applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees. The NAV per share as of the date on which an investor makes a subscription request or repurchase request may be significantly different than the offering price such investor pays or the repurchase price such investor receives. In addition, we may, but are not obligated to, offer and repurchase shares at a price that we believe reflects the NAV per share of such stock more appropriately than the prior month s NAV per share, including by updating a previously disclosed offering price, in cases where we believe there has been a material change (positive or negative) to our NAV per share since the end of the prior month. In such cases, the offering price and repurchase price will not equal our NAV per share as of any time. 
 Valuations and appraisals of our properties and real estate-related investments are estimates of fair value and may not necessarily correspond to realizable value. 
 For the purposes of calculating our monthly NAV, our properties will initially be valued at cost, which we expect to represent fair value at that time. Thereafter, the calculation of our monthly NAV will be determined by the Adviser based in part on annual appraisals of each of our properties by independent third-party appraisal firms that are reviewed by our independent valuation advisor and updated appraisals prepared by our independent valuation advisor of our properties in any month that does not include appraisals by an independent third-party appraisal firm for such properties. Our investments in real estate securities will initially be valued at cost, and thereafter will be valued monthly by the Adviser using quotations from third party pricing vendors. The independent valuation advisor will prepare monthly appraisals of our real estate related debt investments and property-level debt liabilities. 
 Although monthly valuations of each of our real properties will be prepared by our independent valuation advisor, such valuations are based on asset and portfolio level information provided by the Adviser, including historical operating revenues and expenses of the properties, lease agreements on the properties, budgeted revenues and expenses of the properties, information regarding recent or planned capital expenditures and any other information relevant to valuing the real estate property, which information will be reviewed and professional skepticism applied as to its reasonableness but will not be independently verified by our independent valuation advisor. 
 Within the parameters of our valuation guidelines, the valuation methodologies used to value our properties will involve subjective judgments and projections and may not be accurate. Valuation methodologies will also involve assumptions and opinions about future events, which may or may not turn out to be correct. Valuations and appraisals of our properties and real estate-related investments will be only estimates of fair value. Ultimate realization of the value of an asset depends to a great extent on economic, market and other conditions beyond our control and the control of the Adviser and our independent valuation advisor. Further, valuations do not necessarily represent the price at which an asset would sell, since market prices of assets can only be determined by negotiation between a willing buyer and seller. As such, the carrying value of an asset may not reflect the price at which the asset could be sold in the market, and the difference between carrying value and the ultimate sales price could be material. In addition, accurate valuations are more difficult to obtain in times of low transaction volume because there are fewer market transactions that can be considered in the context of the appraisal. There will be no retroactive adjustment in the valuation of such assets, the offering price of our shares of common stock, the price we paid to repurchase shares of our common stock or NAV-based fees we paid to the Adviser and the Dealer Manager to the extent such valuations prove to not accurately reflect the realizable value of our assets. Because the price stockholders will pay for shares of our common stock in our offering, and the price at which their shares may be repurchased by us pursuant to our share repurchase plan are generally based on our prior month s NAV per share, investors may pay more than realizable value or receive less than realizable value for their investments. 
 9 

Our NAV per share amounts may change materially if the appraised values of our properties materially change from prior appraisals or the actual operating results for a particular month differ from what we originally budgeted for that month. 
 We anticipate that appraisals for a portion of our portfolio of properties will be conducted at least once per month. Annual appraisals of our properties will be conducted by an independent third-party appraisal firm on a rolling basis, such that properties may be appraised at different times but each property (other than single family rental properties) would be appraised by an independent third-party appraisal firm at least once per year. In any month where an independent third-party appraisal firm does not prepare an appraisal for a property, our independent valuation advisor will prepare an appraisal for such property (other than international properties, which an independent third-party appraisal firm provides monthly update appraisals). When these appraisals are reflected in our NAV calculations, there may be a material change in our NAV per share amounts for each class of our common stock from those previously reported. In addition, actual operating results for a given month may differ from what we originally budgeted for that month, which may cause a material increase or decrease in the NAV per share amounts. We will not retroactively adjust the NAV per share of each class reported for the previous month. Therefore, because a new monthly appraisal may differ materially from the prior appraisal or the actual results from operations may be better or worse than what we previously budgeted for a particular month, the adjustment to reflect the new appraisal or actual operating results may cause the NAV per share for each class of our common stock to increase or decrease, and such increase or decrease will occur on the day the adjustment is made. 
 It may be difficult to reflect, fully and accurately, material events that may impact our monthly NAV. 
 The Adviser s and the Sub-Adviser s determination of our monthly NAV per share will be based in part on annual appraisals of each of our properties by independent third-party appraisal firms in individual appraisal reports reviewed by our independent valuation advisor or appraisals provided directly by our independent valuation advisor in accordance with valuation guidelines approved by our board of directors. As a result, our published NAV per share in any given month may not fully reflect any or all changes in value that may have occurred since the most recent appraisal or valuation. The Adviser and the Sub-Adviser, as applicable, will review appraisal reports and monitor our properties and real estate-related investments, and is responsible for notifying the independent valuation advisor of the occurrence of any property-specific or market-driven event it believes may cause a material change in the real estate valuation, but it may be difficult to reflect fully and accurately rapidly changing market conditions or material events that may impact the value of our properties and real estate-related investments or liabilities between valuations, or to obtain quickly complete information regarding any such events. For example, an unexpected termination or renewal of a material lease, a material increase or decrease in vacancies or an unanticipated structural or environmental event at a property may cause the value of a property to change materially, yet obtaining sufficient relevant information after the occurrence has come to light or analyzing fully the financial impact of such an event may be difficult to do and may require some time. As a result, the NAV per share may not reflect a material event until such time as sufficient information is available and analyzed, and the financial impact is fully evaluated, such that our NAV may be appropriately adjusted in accordance with our valuation guidelines. Depending on the circumstance, the resulting potential disparity in our NAV may be in favor of either stockholders who repurchase their shares, or stockholders who buy new shares, or existing stockholders. 
 NAV calculations are not governed by governmental or independent securities, financial or accounting rules or standards. 
 The methods used by the Adviser, the Sub-Adviser and State Street Bank and Trust Company State Street to calculate our NAV, including the components used in calculating our NAV, are not prescribed by rules of the SEC or any other regulatory agency. Further, there are no accounting rules or standards that prescribe which components should be used in calculating NAV, and our NAV is not audited by our independent registered public accounting firm. We calculate and publish NAV solely for purposes of establishing the price at which we sell and repurchase shares of our common stock, and our stockholders should not view our NAV as a measure of our historical or future financial condition or performance. The components and methodology used in calculating our NAV may differ from those used by other companies now or in the future. 
 In addition, calculations of our NAV, to the extent that they incorporate valuations of our assets and liabilities, are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. These valuations may differ from actual values that could be realized in the event that we were forced to sell assets. 
 Additionally, errors may occur in calculating our NAV, which could impact the price at which we sell and repurchase shares of our common stock and the amount of the Adviser s management and performance fees. 
 
 10 

If we are unable to continue to raise substantial funds, we will be limited in the number and type of investments we make, and the value of our shares of common stock will be more dependent on the performance of any of the specific assets we acquire. 
 Our Offering is being made on a best efforts basis, meaning that the Dealer Manager is only required to use its best efforts to sell our shares and has no firm commitment or obligation to purchase any shares. As a result, the amount of proceeds we raise in our Offering may be substantially less than the amount we would need to achieve a broader portfolio of investments. If we are unable to raise substantially more than the minimum offering amount, we will make fewer investments, resulting in less diversity in terms of the type, number, geography and size of investments that we make. In that case, the likelihood that any single asset s performance would adversely affect our profitability will increase. There is a greater risk that our stockholders will lose money in their investment if we have less diversity in our portfolio. Further, we will have certain fixed operating expenses, including expenses of being a public reporting company, regardless of whether we are able to raise substantial funds. Our inability to raise substantial funds would increase our fixed operating expenses as a percentage of gross income, reducing our net income and limiting our ability to make distributions. Further, our board of directors has approved a share repurchase arrangement whereby we will offer to repurchase shares or Operating Partnership units held by one or more affiliates of Brookfield (individually or collectively, as the context may require, the Brookfield Investor ), provided that no such repurchase will be made during any month in which the full amount of all shares requested to be repurchased under our share repurchase plan is not repurchased. As a result of this share repurchase arrangement, it is expected that our aggregate NAV will not grow as quickly as it otherwise might as a result of our continuous offering and we may not have capital to make new investments until the shares and Operating Partnership units owned by the Brookfield Investor are fully repurchased, which will exacerbate the risks described above. 
 We face risks associated with the deployment of our capital. 
 In light of the nature of our continuous offering and our investment strategy and the need to be able to deploy capital quickly to capitalize on potential investment opportunities, we may from time to time hold cash pending deployment into investments, which may at times be significant, particularly at times when we are receiving high amounts of offering proceeds and/or times when there are few attractive investment opportunities. Such cash may be held in an account for the benefit of our stockholders that may be invested in money market accounts or other similar temporary investments. In the event we are unable to find suitable investments such cash may be maintained for longer periods which would be dilutive to overall investment returns. It is not anticipated that the temporary investment of such cash into money market accounts or other similar temporary investments pending deployment into investments will generate significant interest, and investors should understand that such low interest payments on the temporarily invested cash may adversely affect overall returns. 
 Our board of directors may, in the future, adopt certain measures under Maryland law without stockholder approval that may have the effect of making it less likely that a stockholder would receive a control premium for his or her shares. 
 Corporations organized under Maryland law with a class of registered securities and at least three independent directors are permitted to elect to be subject, by a charter or bylaw provision or a resolution of its board of directors and notwithstanding any contrary charter or bylaw provision, to any or all of five provisions: 
 staggering the board of directors into three classes; 
 requiring a two-thirds vote of stockholders to remove directors; 
 providing that only the board of directors can fix the size of the board; 
 providing that all vacancies on the board, regardless of how the vacancy was created, may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office and for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred; and 
 providing for a majority requirement for the calling by stockholders of a special meeting of stockholders. 
 These provisions may discourage an extraordinary transaction, such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, all of which might provide a premium price for stockholders shares. In our charter, we have elected that vacancies on our board of directors be filled only by the remaining directors and for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred. Through other provisions in our charter and bylaws, we vest in our board of directors the exclusive power to fix the number of directorships, provided that the number is not less than three. In addition, for so long as the Advisory Agreement is in effect, the Adviser has the right to nominate, subject to the approval of such nomination by our board of directors, four affiliated directors to the slate of directors to be voted on by the stockholders at our annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that such number of director nominees shall be reduced as necessary by a number that will result in a majority of directors being independent directors. Our board of directors must also consult with the Adviser in connection with (i) its selection of each independent director for nomination to the slate of directors to be voted on at the annual meeting of stockholders, and (ii) filling any vacancies created by the removal, resignation, retirement or death of any director. These and other provisions in our charter and bylaws could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to 
 11 

obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by our then-current board of directors, including a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. We have not elected to be subject to any of the other provisions described above, but our charter does not prohibit our board of directors from opting into any of these provisions in the future. 
 Further, under the Maryland Business Combination Act, we may not engage in any merger or other business combination with an interested stockholder (which is defined as (1) any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock and (2) an affiliate or associate of ours who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of our then outstanding voting stock) or any affiliate of that interested stockholder for a period of five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder. A person is not an interested stockholder if our board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which he or she would otherwise have become an interested stockholder. In approving a transaction, our board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms or conditions determined by our board of directors. After the five-year period ends, any merger or other business combination with the interested stockholder or any affiliate of the interested stockholder must be recommended by our board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 
 80 of all votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of our voting stock; and 
 two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of our voting stock other than those shares owned or held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 
 These super-majority voting requirements do not apply if, among other things, our stockholders receive a minimum price (as set forth in the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL for their common stock and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder. 
 The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by our board of directors prior to the time the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Our board of directors has adopted resolutions exempting any business combination involving us and any person, including Brookfield, the Adviser, Oaktree and the Sub-Adviser from the provisions of this law, provided that such business combination is first approved by our board of directors. 
 Our charter permits our board of directors to authorize us to issue preferred stock on terms that may subordinate the rights of the holders of our current common stock or discourage a third party from acquiring us. 
 Our board of directors is permitted, subject to certain restrictions set forth in our charter, to authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval. Further, our board of directors may classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common or preferred stock into other classes or series of stock and establish the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications, and terms or conditions of redemption of the stock and may amend our charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares or the number of shares of any class or series that we have authority to issue without stockholder approval. Thus, our board of directors could authorize us to issue shares of preferred stock with terms and conditions that could subordinate the rights of the holders of our common stock or have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, that might provide a premium price for holders of our common stock. 
 Maryland law limits, in some cases, the ability of a third party to vote shares acquired in a control share acquisition. 
 The Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act provides that control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by stockholders by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares of stock owned by the acquirer, by officers or by employees who are directors of the corporation, are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquirer or in respect of which the acquirer can exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within specified ranges of voting power. Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval or shares acquired directly from the corporation. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares. The control share acquisition statute does not apply: (1) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the Maryland corporation is a party to the transaction; or (2) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the Maryland corporation. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the Control Share Acquisition Act any and all acquisitions of our stock by any person. There can be no assurance that this provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 
 12 

Maryland law and our organizational documents limit our rights and the rights of our stockholders to recover claims against our directors and officers, which could reduce stockholders and our recovery against them if they cause us to incur losses. 
 Maryland law provides that a director will not have any liability as a director so long as he or she performs his or her duties in accordance with the applicable standard of conduct. In addition, our charter generally limits the personal liability of our directors and officers for monetary damages subject to the limitations of the North American Securities Administrators Association s Statement of Policy Regarding Real Estate Investment Trusts, as revised and adopted on May 7, 2007 (the NASAA REIT Guidelines ), and Maryland law. Moreover, our charter generally requires us to indemnify and advance expenses to our directors and officers for losses they may incur by reason of their service in those capacities unless their act or omission was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and was committed in bad faith or was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, they actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or, in the case of any criminal proceeding, they had reasonable cause to believe the act or omission was unlawful. Further, we have entered into separate indemnification agreements with each of our directors and certain of our officers. As a result, our stockholders and we may have more limited rights against our directors or officers than might otherwise exist under common law, which could reduce our stockholders and our recovery from these persons if they act in a manner that causes us to incur losses. In addition, we are obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by these persons in some cases. However, our charter provides that we may not indemnify our directors or officers, or the Adviser and its affiliates, for any liability or loss suffered by them or hold our directors or officers, the Adviser and its affiliates harmless for any liability or loss suffered by us, unless they have determined, in good faith, that the course of conduct that caused the loss or liability was in our best interests, they were acting on our behalf or performing services for us, the liability or loss was not the result of negligence or misconduct by our non-independent directors, the Adviser and its affiliates, or gross negligence or willful misconduct by our independent directors, and the indemnification or agreement to hold harmless is recoverable only out of our net assets or the proceeds of insurance and not from the stockholders. 
 Maryland law limits our stockholders ability to amend our charter or dissolve us without the approval of our board of directors. 
 Although the NASAA REIT Guidelines published by the North American Securities Administrators Association NASAA indicate that stockholders are permitted to amend our charter or terminate us without the necessity for concurrence by our board of directors, we are required to comply with the MGCL, which provides that any amendment to our charter or any dissolution of our company must first be declared advisable by our board of directors. Therefore, our stockholders may vote to authorize the amendment of our charter or the dissolution of our company, but only after such action has been declared advisable by our board of directors. Accordingly, the only proposals to amend our charter or to dissolve our company that will be presented to our stockholders will be those that have been declared advisable by our board of directors and also require approval by our stockholders. 
 Your interest in us will be diluted if we issue additional shares. 
 Holders of our common stock will not have preemptive rights to any shares we issue in the future. Our charter authorizes us to issue up to 1,050,000,000 shares of capital stock, of which 1,000,000,000 shares are classified as common stock (of which 225,000,000 shares are classified as Class T shares, 225,000,000 shares are classified as Class S shares, 100,000,000 shares are classified as Class D shares, 100,000,000 shares are classified as Class C shares, 100,000,000 shares are classified as Class E shares and 250,000,000 shares are classified as Class I shares) and 50,000,000 shares are classified as preferred stock. In addition, our board of directors may amend our charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of capital stock or the number of authorized shares of capital stock of any class or series without stockholder approval. Our board of directors may elect, without stockholder approval, to: (1) sell additional shares in the Offering or future public offerings (including using prices based on our NAV as of a different time than the applicable NAV used in our Offering); (2) issue equity interests in private offerings (including using prices based on our NAV as of a different time than the applicable NAV used in our Offering); (3) issue shares upon the exercise of the options we may grant to our independent directors or future employees; or (4) issue shares or our common stock or Operating Partnership units to the Adviser, or its respective successors or assigns, in payment of an outstanding obligation to pay fees for services rendered to us, or (5) issue shares to sellers of properties we acquire in connection with an exchange of limited partnership interests of the Operating Partnership. To the extent we issue additional shares, your percentage ownership interest in us will be diluted. Because we hold all of our assets through the Operating Partnership, to the extent we issue additional units of the Operating Partnership, stockholders percentage ownership interest in our assets will be diluted. Because certain classes of the units of the Operating Partnership may, in the discretion of our board of directors, be exchanged for shares of our common stock, any merger, exchange or conversion between the Operating Partnership and another entity ultimately could result in the issuance of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, thereby diluting the percentage ownership interest of other stockholders. Because of these and other reasons, you may experience substantial dilution in your percentage ownership of our shares or your interests in the underlying assets held by the Operating Partnership. 
 13 

Our UPREIT structure may result in potential conflicts of interest with the Operating Partnership or limited partners in the Operating Partnership whose interests may not be aligned with those of our stockholders. 
 Conflicts of interest exist or could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between us and our affiliates, on the one hand, and the Operating Partnership or any partner thereof, on the other. Our directors and officers have duties to our company under applicable Maryland law in connection with their direction of the management of our company. At the same time, we are the sole member of the general partner of the Operating Partnership and have authority to make all decisions on behalf of such general partner. The general partner has duties to the Operating Partnership and to the limited partners under Delaware law in connection with the management of the Operating Partnership. Under Delaware law, the general partner of a Delaware limited partnership has fiduciary duties of care and loyalty, and an obligation of good faith, to the partnership and its partners. While these duties and obligations cannot be eliminated entirely in the limited partnership agreement, Delaware law permits the parties to a limited partnership agreement to specify certain types or categories of activities that do not violate the general partner s duty of loyalty and to modify the duty of care and obligation of good faith, so long as such modifications are not unreasonable. These duties as general partner of the Operating Partnership to the partnership and its partners may come into conflict with the interests of our company. Under the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership, upon the admission of a person other than one of our subsidiaries as a limited partner in the Operating Partnership, the limited partners of the Operating Partnership expressly agree that the general partner of the Operating Partnership is acting for the benefit of the Operating Partnership, our company and our stockholders, collectively. The general partner of the Operating Partnership is under no obligation to give priority to the separate interests of the limited partners in deciding whether to cause the Operating Partnership to take or decline to take any actions. If there is a conflict between our interests and the interests of our stockholders, on the one hand, and the interests of the limited partners of the Operating Partnership other than us or our subsidiaries, on the other, that cannot be resolved in a manner not adverse to either, the partnership agreement provides that such conflict will be resolved in favor of our stockholders, and the general partner of the Operating Partnership will not be liable for losses sustained by the limited partners in connection with such decisions provided it acted in good faith. 
 Additionally, the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership expressly limits the general partner s liability by providing that the general partner will not be liable to the Operating Partnership or its limited partners for errors in judgment or other acts or omissions not amounting to willful misconduct or gross negligence since provision has been made in the partnership agreement for exculpation of the general partner. In addition, the Operating Partnership is required to indemnify the general partner for liabilities the general partner incurs in dealings with third parties on behalf of the Operating Partnership. To the extent that the indemnification provisions purport to include indemnification of liabilities arising under the Securities Act, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is contrary to public policy and therefore unenforceable. 
 The provisions of Delaware law that allow the fiduciary duties of a general partner to be modified by a partnership agreement have not been tested in a court of law, and we have not obtained an opinion of counsel covering the provisions set forth in the partnership agreement that purport to waive or restrict the general partner s fiduciary duties. 
 Tax protection agreements could limit our ability to sell or otherwise dispose of property contributed to the Operating Partnership. 
 In connection with a contribution of property to the Operating Partnership, the Operating Partnership may enter into a tax protection agreement with the contributor of such property that provides that if we dispose of any interest in the contributed property in a taxable transaction within a certain time period, subject to certain exceptions, we may be required to indemnify the contributor for its tax liabilities attributable to the built-in gain that exists with respect to such property interests, and the tax liabilities incurred as a result of such tax protection payment. Therefore, although it may be in our stockholders best interests that we sell the contributed property, it may be economically prohibitive for us to do so because of these obligations. 
 Tax protection agreements may require the Operating Partnership to maintain certain debt levels that otherwise would not be required to operate our business. 
 Under a tax protection agreement, the Operating Partnership may provide the contributor of property the opportunity to guarantee debt or enter into a deficit restoration obligation. If we fail to make such opportunities available, we may be required to deliver to such contributor a cash payment intended to approximate the contributor s tax liability resulting from our failure to make such opportunities available to that contributor and the tax liabilities incurred as a result of such tax protection payment. These obligations may require the Operating Partnership to maintain more or different indebtedness than we would otherwise require for our business. 
 
 14 

Cash payments to redeem Operating Partnership interests will reduce cash available for distribution to our stockholders or to honor their repurchase requests under our share repurchase program. 
 The Operating Partnership s limited partnership agreement provides that following any applicable waiting period, the holders of Operating Partnership units (other than us) generally have the right to cause the Operating Partnership to redeem all or a portion of their Operating Partnership units for, at the general partner s sole discretion, shares of our common stock, cash, or a combination of both. An election to redeem Operating Partnership units for cash may reduce funds available for distribution to our stockholders or to honor our stockholders repurchase requests under our share repurchase program. 
 We will not be required to comply with certain reporting requirements, including those relating to auditor s attestation reports on the effectiveness of our system of internal control over financial reporting, accounting standards and disclosure about our executive compensation, that apply to other public companies. 
 The Jumpstart Our Business Startups JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for emerging growth companies, including certain requirements relating to accounting standards and compensation disclosure. We are classified as an emerging growth company. For as long as we are an emerging growth company, which may be up to five full fiscal years, unlike other public companies, we will not be required to (1) provide an auditor s attestation report on the effectiveness of our system of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (2) comply with any new or revised financial accounting standards applicable to public companies until such standards are also applicable to private companies under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act, (3) comply with any new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report in which the auditor would be required to provide additional information about the audit and the financial statements of the issuer, (4) comply with any new audit rules adopted by the PCAOB after April 5, 2012 unless the SEC determines otherwise, (5) provide certain disclosure regarding executive compensation required of larger public companies or (6) hold stockholder advisory votes on executive compensation. 
 Once we are no longer an emerging growth company, so long as our shares of common stock are not traded on a securities exchange, we will be deemed to be a non-accelerated filer under the Exchange Act, and as a non-accelerated filer, we will be exempt from compliance with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In addition, so long as we are externally managed by the Adviser and we do not directly compensate our executive officers, or reimburse the Adviser or its affiliates for salaries, bonuses, benefits and severance payments for persons who also serve as one of our executive officers or as an executive officer of the Adviser, we do not have any executive compensation, making the exemptions listed in (5) and (6) above generally inapplicable. 
 As noted above, under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the extended transition period. Since we will not be required to comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for other public companies, our financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of companies that comply with public company effective dates. If we were to subsequently elect to comply with these public company effective dates, such election would be irrevocable pursuant to Section 107 of the JOBS Act. 
 In addition, we are a smaller reporting company, as such term is defined in the Exchange Act. As a smaller reporting company, we are also eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting and disclosure requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not smaller reporting companies. We will remain a smaller reporting company if we have either: (1) a public float of less than 250 million; or (2) annual revenues of less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and a public float of less than 700 million. 
 We do not believe that being an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company will have a significant impact on our business or the Offering. 
 Our results of operations may be adversely affected if we are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 We intend to conduct our operations so that neither we, nor the Operating Partnership, or our respective subsidiaries are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully avoid operating as an investment company. 
 Under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, a company is deemed to be an investment company if it is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act, a company is deemed to be an investment company if it is engaged, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Investment securities exclude (A) U.S. government 
 15 

securities, (B) securities issued by employees securities companies and (C) securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries which (i) are not investment companies and (ii) are not relying on the exception from the definition of investment company under Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. 
 With respect to Section 3(a)(1)(A), we do not intend to engage primarily or hold ourself out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Rather, we will be primarily engaged in the non-investment company businesses of our subsidiaries. With respect to Section 3(a)(1)(C), we expect that most of the entities through which we own assets will be wholly or majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exceptions from the definition of investment company under Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act and, thus, we do not expect to own a significant amount of investment securities. 
 We expect that we and most of our subsidiaries will comply with the requirements of Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act. Section 3(c)(5)(C) is available for entities primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate. The SEC staff has taken the position that this exemption, in addition to prohibiting the issuance of certain types of securities, generally requires that at least 55 of an entity s assets must be comprised of mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate, also known as qualifying assets, and at least another 25 of the entity s assets must be comprised of additional qualifying assets or a broader category of assets that we refer to as real estate-related assets under the Investment Company Act (and no more than 20 of the entity s assets may be comprised of miscellaneous assets). As a result of the foregoing restrictions, we will be limited in our ability to make certain investments. 
 We will classify our assets for purposes of our 3(c)(5)(C) exemption based upon no-action positions taken by the SEC staff and interpretive guidance provided by the SEC and its staff. These no-action positions are based on specific factual situations that may be substantially different from the factual situations we may face, and a number of these no-action positions were issued more than 20 years ago. No assurance can be given that the SEC or its staff will concur with our classification of our assets. In addition, the SEC or its staff may, in the future, issue further guidance that may require us to reclassify our assets for purposes of the Investment Company Act. If we are required to reclassify our assets, we may no longer be in compliance with the exemption from the definition of an investment company provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act. 
 Based on no-action letters issued by the SEC staff, we will treat our investments in any joint ventures that in turn invest in qualifying assets such as real property as qualifying assets, but only if we are active in the management and operation of the joint venture and have the right to approve major decisions by the joint venture; otherwise, they will be classified as real estate-related assets. We will not participate in joint ventures in which we do not have or share control to the extent that we believe such participation would potentially threaten our status as a non-investment company exempt from the Investment Company Act. This may prevent us from receiving an allocation with respect to certain investment opportunities that are suitable for both us and one or more Other Brookfield Accounts. 
 A change in the value of any of our assets could negatively affect our ability to maintain our exemption from regulation under the Investment Company Act. To maintain compliance with the applicable exemption under the Investment Company Act, we may be unable to sell assets we would otherwise want to sell and may need to sell assets we would otherwise wish to retain. In addition, we may have to acquire additional assets that we might not otherwise have acquired or may have to forgo opportunities to acquire assets that we would otherwise want to acquire and would be important to our investment strategy. For example, these restrictions may limit our and our subsidiaries ability to invest directly in mortgage-backed securities that represent less than the entire ownership in a pool of mortgage loans, debt and equity tranches of securitizations and certain asset-backed securities, non-controlling equity interests in real estate companies or in assets not related to real estate. 
 If we were required to register as an investment company but failed to do so, we would become subject to substantial regulation with respect to our capital structure (including our ability to use borrowings), management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons (as defined in the Investment Company Act), and portfolio composition, including disclosure requirements and restrictions with respect to diversification and industry concentration, and other matters. Compliance with the Investment Company Act would, accordingly, limit our ability to make certain investments and require us to significantly restructure our business plan, which could materially adversely affect our NAV and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 Operational risks, including interruption of our information technology, communications systems or data services could disrupt our business, result in losses or limit our growth. 
 We rely heavily on Brookfield s financial, accounting, communications and other data processing systems. If such systems do not operate properly, are disabled or are compromised, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our business, liability, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Such information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or disruption from fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, system malfunctions, epidemics or pandemics, natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes and floods, acts of war or terrorism, employee errors or malfeasance, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, or other events which are beyond our and Brookfield s control. 
 16 

In addition, we are highly dependent on information systems and technology. Brookfield s information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase from its current level. Such a failure to accommodate growth, or an increase in costs related to such information systems, could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Many jurisdictions in which Brookfield operates have laws and regulations relating to data privacy, cybersecurity and protection of personal information. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), that went into effect on January 1, 2020, requires covered companies to, among other things, provide new disclosures to California consumers, and afford such consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. Some jurisdictions have also enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals and government agencies of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. 
 Breaches in security, whether malicious in nature or through inadvertent transmittal or other loss of data, could potentially jeopardize the confidential, proprietary and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through Brookfield s information systems and technology or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our business and operations, which could result in significant financial losses, increased costs, disruption of Brookfield s business, liability to our investors and other counterparties, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Furthermore, if Brookfield fails to comply with relevant laws and regulations or fails to make required notifications of a breach in a timely manner, it could result in regulatory investigations and penalties, which could lead to negative publicity and reputational harm and may cause harm to our stockholders. 
 We depend on Brookfield s New York office, where a substantial portion of Brookfield s personnel are located, for the continued operation of our business. A natural disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, or directly affecting our headquarters, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all. 
 In addition, we rely on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including software vendors for portfolio management and accounting software, outside financial institutions for back office processing, custody of securities and third-party broker-dealers for the execution of trades. An interruption or deterioration in the performance of these third parties or failures of their information systems and technology could cause system interruption, delays, loss, corruption or exposure of critical data or intellectual property, and impair the quality of our operations, which could impact our reputation and hence adversely affect our business. 
 Any such interruption or deterioration in Brookfield s operations could result in substantial recovery and remediation costs and liability. While Brookfield has implemented disaster recovery plans and backup systems to lessen the risk of any material adverse impact, its disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm and cannot account for all eventualities, and a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any data or critical business or information technology systems could severely affect our ability to conduct our business operations, and as a result, our future operating results could be materially adversely affected. 
 Compliance with the SEC s Regulation Best Interest may negatively impact our ability to raise capital in our Offering, which would harm our ability to achieve our investment objectives . 
 Commencing June 30, 2020, broker-dealers must comply with Regulation Best Interest, which, among other requirements, establishes a new standard of conduct for broker-dealers and their associated persons when making a recommendation of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities to a retail customer. Regulation Best Interest requires a broker-dealer or associated person, when making a recommendation of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities to a retail customer, to act in the best interest of the retail customer at the time the recommendation is made, without placing the financial or other interest of the broker- dealer or associated person ahead of the interest of the retail customer. Regulation Best Interest imposes a duty of care for broker-dealers to evaluate reasonably available alternatives in the best interests of their clients. There are likely alternatives to investing in our shares that are reasonably available to you, through your broker or otherwise, and those alternatives may be less costly or have a lower investment risk. Under Regulation Best Interest, broker- dealers participating in the Offering must consider such alternatives when evaluating the best interests of their clients. The impact of Regulation Best Interest on participating dealers cannot be determined at this time, and it may negatively impact whether participating dealers and their associated persons recommend the Offering to certain retail customers. If Regulation Best Interest reduces our ability to raise capital in the Offering, it would harm our ability to create a diversified portfolio of investments and ability to achieve our investment objectives. 

17 

General Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate 
 Our operating results will be affected by economic and regulatory changes that impact the real estate market in general. 
 We are subject to risks generally attributable to the ownership of real property, including: 
 changes in global, national, regional or local economic, demographic, or capital market conditions; 
 future adverse national real estate trends, including increasing vacancy rates, declining rental rates and general deterioration of market conditions; 
 adverse economic conditions as a result of an epidemic, pandemic or other health-related issues in one or more markets where we own property; 
 changes in supply of or demand for similar properties in a given market or metropolitan area, which could result in rising vacancy rates or decreasing market rental rates; 
 vacancies, fluctuations in the average occupancy and room rates for hospitality properties or inability to lease space on favorable terms; 
 increased competition for properties targeted by our investment strategy; 
 bankruptcies, financial difficulties or lease defaults by our tenants; 
 increases in interest rates and lack of availability of financing; and 
 changes in government rules, regulations and fiscal policies, including increases in property taxes, changes in zoning laws, limitations on rental rates, and increasing costs to comply with environmental laws. 
 All of these factors are beyond our control. Any negative changes in these factors could affect our performance and our ability to meet our obligations and make distributions to stockholders. 
 Our success is dependent on general market and economic conditions. 
 Our activities and investments could be materially adversely affected by the instability in the U.S. or global financial markets, or changes in market, economic, political or regulatory conditions, such as interest rates, availability of credit, credit defaults, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws (including laws relating to taxation of our investments), trade barriers and currency exchange controls, and national and international political, environmental and socioeconomic circumstances (including wars, terrorist acts or security operations, such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the significant sanctions and other restrictive actions taken against Russia by the United States and other countries in response to Russia s February 2022 invasion of Ukraine, as well as the cessation of all business in Russia by many global companies) in respect of the countries in which we invest, as well as by numerous other factors outside the control of the Adviser or its affiliates. These factors may affect the level and volatility of real estate and securities prices and the liquidity of our investments, which could impair our profitability or result in losses. In addition, general fluctuations in the market prices of securities and interest rates may affect our investment opportunities and the value of our investments. These factors are outside of our control and the control of the Adviser and its affiliates. 
 Brookfield s financial condition may be adversely affected by a significant economic downturn and it may be subject to legal, regulatory, reputational and other unforeseen risks that could have a material adverse effect on Brookfield s business and operations (including the Adviser), which thereby could impact us. Moreover, a recession, slowdown and/or sustained downturn in the U.S. or global economy (or any particular segment thereof) or weakening of credit markets will adversely affect the value of our assets and our profitability, impede the ability of our assets to perform under or refinance their existing obligations, and impair our ability to effectively deploy our capital or effectively exit or realize upon investments on favorable terms. Any of the foregoing events could result in substantial or total losses to us in respect of certain investments, which losses will likely be exacerbated by the presence of leverage in our capital structure or a particular investment s capital structure. 
 Any future financial market disruptions may force us to use a greater proportion of our Offering proceeds to finance our acquisitions and fund tenant improvements, reducing the cash available to make distributions and satisfy repurchase requests and reducing the number of acquisitions we would otherwise make. 
 In addition, economic problems in a single country are increasingly affecting other markets and economies. A continuation of this trend could adversely affect global economic conditions and world markets and, in turn, could adversely affect our performance. The economies of particular individual emerging markets countries may differ favorably or unfavorably from one another in such respects as growth of gross domestic product, rate of inflation, currency depreciation, capital reinvestment, resource self-sufficiency and balance of payments position. Governments of many emerging markets countries have exercised and continue to exercise substantial influence over many aspects of the private sector. 
 18 

We may be adversely affected by the foregoing events, or by similar or other events in the future. In the longer term, there may be significant new regulatory actions and other events that could limit our activities and investment opportunities or change the functioning of the capital markets, and there is the possibility of a severe worldwide economic downturn. Consequently, we may not be capable of, or successful at, preserving the value of our assets, generating positive investment returns or effectively managing risks. 
 Further disruption and deterioration of the global debt markets (particularly the U.S. debt markets) or a significant rise in market perception of counterparty default risk would be likely to affect the value of our investments and significantly reduce investor demand for, and liquidity of, all securities. Brookfield itself could also be affected by difficult conditions in the capital markets and any overall weakening of the financial services industry. Similarly, Brookfield s portfolio companies historically have regularly utilized the corporate debt markets in order to obtain financing for their operations. Ongoing disruptions in the global credit markets may affect issuers ability to pay debts and obligations on a timely basis. If defaults occur, we could lose both invested capital in, and anticipated profits from, any affected investments. 
 Inflation may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 An increase in inflation could have an adverse impact on our floating rate mortgages, credit facilities and general and administrative expenses, as these costs could increase at a rate higher than our rental and other revenue. Inflation could also have an adverse effect on consumer spending, which could impact our tenants revenues and, in turn, our percentage rents, where applicable. In addition, leases of long-term duration or which include renewal options that specify a maximum rate increase may result in below-market lease rates over time if we do not accurately estimate inflation or market lease rates. Provisions of our leases designed to mitigate the risk of inflation and unexpected increases in market lease rates, such as periodic rental increases, may not adequately protect us from the impact of inflation or unexpected increases in market lease rates. If we are subject to below- market lease rates on a significant number of our properties pursuant to long-term leases and our operating and other expenses are increasing faster than anticipated, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations or to pay distributions on our common stock could be materially adversely affected. Actions to reduce inflation, including raising interest rates, increase our cost of borrowing, which in turn could make it more difficult to obtain financing for our operations or investments on favorable terms. 
 We are subject to risks associated with pandemics, epidemics and other public health emergencies, including COVID-19. 
 Our business could be exposed to effects of pandemics or epidemics such as COVID-19, which could materially adversely impact our operations. 
 A local, regional, national or international outbreak of a contagious disease, such as COVID-19, which spread across the globe at a rapid pace impacting global commercial activity and travel, or future public health crises, epidemics or pandemics, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition due to disruptions to commerce, reduced economic activity and other unforeseen consequences that are beyond our control. 
 The ongoing prevalence of COVID-19, the emergence and progression of new variants and the actions taken in response to COVID-19 by government authorities across various geographies in which we and our businesses operate have interrupted business activities and supply chains, disrupted travel, contributed to significant volatility in the financial markets, impacted social conditions and adversely affected local, regional, national and international economic conditions as well as the labor market. There can be no assurance that strategies that we employ to address potential disruptions in operations will mitigate the adverse impacts of any of these factors. 
 The longer-term economic impacts of COVID-19 will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, constantly evolving and difficult to predict. These developments may include the risk of new and potentially more severe variant strains of COVID-19; additional actions that may be taken to contain COVID-19, such as reimposing previously lifted measures or putting in place additional restrictions; and the pace, availability, distribution, acceptance and effectiveness of vaccines. Such developments, depending on their nature, duration and intensity, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 In addition, the potential effects of COVID-19 on our employees or the employees of other companies with which we and they do business could disrupt our business operations. The effectiveness of external parties, including governmental and non-governmental organizations, in combating the spread and severity of the pandemic could have a material impact on the adverse effects we experience. These events, which are beyond our control, could cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any period and, depending on their severity, could also materially and adversely affect our financial condition. 
 
 19 

Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations, changes in the interpretation thereof or newly enacted laws or regulations and any failure by us to comply with these laws or regulations, could require changes to certain of our business practices, negatively impact our operations, cash flow or financial condition, impose additional costs on us or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 Certain of our investments may result in reporting and compliance obligations under the applicable regulations of the various jurisdictions in which we make investments. To the extent that we or our investments are or may become subject to regulation by various agencies in the United States, the European Union and other jurisdictions, the costs of compliance will be borne by us. In addition, our investments are or may become subject to regulation by various governmental agencies within or outside the United States. Any change in the laws or regulations governing our operations, changes in their interpretation, or newly enacted laws or regulations and any failure by us to comply with these laws or regulations, could require changes to certain of our business practices, negatively impact our operations, cash flow or financial condition, impose additional costs on us or otherwise adversely affect our business. We cannot predict whether new legislation or regulation will be enacted by legislative bodies or governmental agencies, nor can we predict what effect such legislation or regulation might have. There can be no assurance that new legislation or regulation, including changes to existing laws and regulations, will not have a material negative impact on our investment performance. 
 Moreover, the SEC and various other U.S. federal, state and local agencies may conduct examinations and inquiries into, and bring enforcement and other proceedings against us, the Adviser, the Sub-Adviser, Brookfield and any of their respective affiliates. We, the Adviser, the Sub-Adviser, Brookfield and any of their respective affiliates may receive requests for information or subpoenas from the SEC and other state, federal and non U.S. regulators from time to time in connection with such inquiries and proceedings and otherwise in the ordinary course of business. These requests may relate to a broad range of matters, including specific practices of the Adviser, the Sub-Adviser or Brookfield, the securities in which the Adviser or Sub-Adviser invests on behalf of its clients or industry wide practices. The costs of any such increased reporting, registration and compliance requirements may be borne by us and may furthermore place us at a competitive disadvantage to the extent that the Adviser, the Sub-Adviser, Brookfield or any of their respective affiliates are required to disclose sensitive business information. 
 Financial regulatory changes in the United States could adversely affect our business. 
 The financial services industry continues to be the subject of heightened regulatory scrutiny in the United States. There has been active debate over the appropriate extent of regulation and oversight of private investment funds and their managers. We may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised regulations imposed by the SEC or other U.S. governmental regulatory authorities or self-regulatory organizations that supervise the financial markets. We also may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations by these governmental authorities and self-regulatory organizations. Further, new regulations or interpretations of existing laws may result in enhanced disclosure obligations, including with respect to climate change or environmental, social and governance factors, which could negatively affect us and materially increase our regulatory burden. Increased regulations generally increase our costs, and we could continue to experience higher costs if new laws require us to spend more time or buy new technology to comply effectively. 
 Any changes in the regulatory framework applicable to our business, including the changes described above, may impose additional compliance and other costs, increase regulatory investigations of the investment activities of our funds, require the attention of our senior management, affect the manner in which we conduct our business and adversely affect our profitability. The full extent of the impact on us of any new laws, regulations or initiatives that may be proposed is impossible to determine. 
 We may be subject to foreign currency risk and our risk management activities may adversely affect the performance of our operations. 
 While the majority of our portfolio will be concentrated in the United States, we may selectively invest in large global cities where Brookfield has comprehensive capabilities, such as Toronto, London, Sydney and Seoul. As a result, some of our assets and operations may be in countries where the U.S. dollar is not the functional currency. These operations pay distributions in currencies other than the U.S. dollar which we must convert to U.S. dollars prior to making distributions on our units. A significant depreciation in the value of such foreign currencies may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 When managing our exposure to such market risks, we may use forward contracts, options, swaps, caps, collars and floors or pursue other strategies or use other forms of derivative instruments. The success of any hedging or other derivative transactions that we enter into generally will depend on our ability to structure contracts that appropriately offset our risk position. As a result, while we may enter into such transactions in order to reduce our exposure to market risks, unanticipated market changes may result in poorer overall investment performance than if the transaction had not been executed. Such transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the value of a hedged position increases. 
 
 20 

Our portfolio may be concentrated in a limited number of industries, geographies or investments. 
 Our portfolio may be heavily concentrated at any time in only a limited number of industries, geographies or investments, and, as a consequence, our aggregate return may be substantially affected by the unfavorable performance of even a single investment. To the extent the Adviser concentrates our investments in a particular type of asset or geography, our portfolio may become more susceptible to fluctuations in value resulting from adverse economic or business conditions affecting that particular type of asset or geography, as well as the negative consequences of a single corporate, economic, political or regulatory event. For investments that we intend to finance (directly or indirectly), there is a risk that such financing may not be completed, which could result in us holding a larger percentage of our assets in a single investment and asset type than desired. Investors have no assurance as to the degree of diversification in our investments, either by geographic region or asset type. 
 We may change our investment and operational policies without stockholder consent. 
 Except for changes to the investment restrictions contained in our charter, which require stockholder consent to amend, we may change our investment and operational policies, including our policies with respect to investments, operations, indebtedness, capitalization and distributions, at any time without the consent of our stockholders, which could result in our making investments that are different from, and possibly riskier or more highly leveraged than, the types of investments described in this annual report and the prospectus for the Offering. Our board of directors also approved very broad investment guidelines with which we must comply, but these guidelines provide the Adviser with broad discretion and can be changed by our board of directors. A change in our investment strategy may, among other things, increase our exposure to real estate market fluctuations, default risk and interest rate risk, all of which could materially affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Difficulty in redeploying the proceeds from our disposed or repaid investments may cause our financial performance and returns to investors to suffer. 
 In light of the need to be able to deploy capital quickly to capitalize on potential investment opportunities or to establish reserves for anticipated debts, liabilities or obligations, including liquidity needs, cash may be held by us in money market investments pending deployment into other investments, the amount of which may at times be significant. Such cash may be held in an account for the benefit of our stockholders that may be invested in money market investments or other similar temporary investments pending deployment into other investments. While the duration of any such holding period is expected to be relatively short, in the event the Adviser is unable to find suitable investments, such cash positions (including money market investments) may be held for longer periods, which would be dilutive to overall investment returns. It is not anticipated that the temporary investment of such cash into money market investments will generate significant interest, and such low interest payments on the temporarily invested cash may adversely affect our overall investment returns. 
 Competition in acquiring properties may reduce our profitability and our results of operations. 
 The activity of identifying, completing and realizing attractive real estate and real estate-related investments is highly competitive and involves a high degree of uncertainty and risk. We face competition for investments from other real estate investment vehicles, as well as individuals and companies, publicly-traded REITs, financial institutions (such as mortgage banks and pension funds), hedge funds and investment funds affiliated with other financial sponsors or institutional real estate investors, private equity and debt investors, and credit vehicles, some of which are likely a source of reasonable alternatives under Regulation Best Interest. Further, over the past several years, many real estate funds and publicly traded REITs have been formed (and many such existing funds have grown in size) for the purpose of investing in real estate assets and real estate debt. In recent years, hedge funds and other participants have also become increasingly active in the private mezzanine market. Other funds may have investment objectives that overlap with us, which may create competition for investment opportunities. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are not available to us, and may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships. The competitive pressures could impair our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities. Despite the difficulties faced by many financial sponsors and private investment firms with respect to raising capital for alternative asset management programs, real estate remains an attractive sector and firms that have successful track records in exploiting opportunities within that space maintain and continue to raise extraordinary amounts of capital, which further increases the competition for attractively priced real estate assets. There can be no assurance that the Adviser will be able to locate, complete and exit investments which satisfy our objectives, or realize upon their values. These risks may be exaggerated as a result of the investment allocation policy adopted by Brookfield. 
 Furthermore, disruptions and dislocations in the credit markets could have a material impact on the cost and availability of debt to finance real estate acquisitions. The lack of available debt on reasonable terms or at all could result in a further reduction of suitable investment opportunities and create a competitive advantage for other entities that have greater financial resources than we do. In addition, over the past several years, a number of real estate funds and publicly traded and non-listed REITs have been formed and others have been consolidated (and many such existing funds have grown in size) for the purpose of investing 
 21 

in real estate and/or real estate-related assets. Additional real estate funds, vehicles and REITs with similar investment objectives may be formed in the future by other unrelated parties and further consolidations may occur (resulting in larger funds and vehicles). Also in recent years, hedge funds and other participants have become increasingly active in the private mezzanine market. It is expected that competition for appropriate investment opportunities would reduce the number of investment opportunities available to us and adversely affecting the terms, including price, upon which investments can be made. This competition may cause us to acquire properties and other investments at higher prices or by using less-than-ideal capital structures, and in such case our returns will be lower and the value of our assets may not appreciate or may decrease significantly below the amount we paid for such assets. If such events occur, our results of operations may be adversely impacted. 
 We face risks associated with property acquisitions. 
 We intend to acquire properties and portfolios of properties, including large portfolios that could result in changes to our capital structure. Our acquisition activities and their success are subject to the following risks: 
 we may be unable to complete an acquisition after making a non-refundable deposit and incurring certain other acquisition-related costs; 
 we may be unable to obtain financing for acquisitions on commercially reasonable terms or at all; 
 acquired properties may fail to perform as expected; 
 acquired properties may be located in new markets in which we may face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy, lack of business relationships in the area and unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures; and 
 we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations. 
 In addition, we may acquire assets that require some amount of capital investment in order to be repositioned. These investments are generally subject to higher risk of loss than investments in stabilized real estate and there is no guarantee that any repositioning will be successful, or that the actual costs will not be greater than our estimates. 
 We have made and may continue to make joint venture investments, with both third parties and Other Brookfield Accounts. Joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on the financial condition of our joint venture partners and disputes between us and our joint venture partners. 
 We have made joint venture investments with third parties and Other Brookfield Accounts and may, subject to the requirements in our charter, continue to co-invest with Other Brookfield Accounts or third parties through funds, joint ventures or other entities. Under our charter, we may invest in joint ventures with Brookfield or its affiliates, including the Adviser, only if a majority of our board of directors (including a majority of independent directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction approve such investment as being fair and reasonable to us and on substantially the same terms and conditions as, or more favorable than, those received by other joint venturers. 
 Joint venture investments may involve risks not present in investments where a third party is not involved, including the possibility that a co-venturer or partner may at any time have other business interests and investments other than the joint venture with us, may have economic or business goals different from ours, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. Joint venture partners might become bankrupt or fail to fund their required capital contributions. Consequently, actions by or disputes with joint venture partners might result in subjecting properties owned by the joint venture to additional risk. In addition, we may be liable for actions of its co-venturers or partners. Our ability to exercise control or significant influence over management in these cooperative efforts will depend upon the nature of the joint venture arrangement. Such investments may have the potential risk of impasses on decisions, such as a sale, because neither we nor the joint venture partner has full control over the joint venture. Disputes between us and joint venture partners may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and directors from focusing their time and effort on our business. In addition, such arrangements are likely to involve restrictions on the resale of our interest in the joint venture. 
 Some additional risks and conflicts related to our joint venture investments (including joint venture investments with Brookfield affiliates) include: 
 the joint venture partner could have economic or other interests that are inconsistent with or different from our interests, including interests relating to the financing, management, operation, leasing or sale of the assets purchased by such joint venture; 
 Investment Company Act and other regulatory requirements applicable to the joint venture partner could cause it to want to take actions contrary to our interests; 
 22 

the joint venture partner could have joint control or joint governance of the joint venture even in cases where its economic stake in the joint venture is significantly less than ours; 
 under the joint venture arrangement, it is possible that neither we nor the joint venture partner will be in a position to unilaterally control the joint venture, and deadlocks may occur. Such deadlocks could adversely impact the operations and profitability of the joint venture, including as a result of the inability of the joint venture to act quickly in connection with a potential acquisition or disposition. In addition, depending on the governance structure of such joint venture partner, decisions of such vehicle may be subject to approval by individuals who are independent of Brookfield; 
 under the joint venture arrangement, we and the joint venture partner may have a buy or sell right and, as a result of an impasse that triggers the exercise of such right, we could be forced to sell our investment in the joint venture, or buy the joint venture partner s share of the joint venture at a time when it would not otherwise be in our best interest to do so; 
 our participation in investments in which a joint venture partner participates will be less than what our participation would have been had such other vehicle not participated, and because there may be no limit on the amount of capital that such joint venture partner can raise, the degree of our participation in such investments may decrease over time; 
 under the joint venture arrangement, we and the joint venture partner could each have preemptive rights in respect of future issuances by the joint venture, which could limit a joint venture s ability to attract new third-party capital; 
 under the joint venture arrangement, we and the joint venture partner could be subject to lock-ups, which could prevent us from disposing of our interests in the joint venture at a time it determines it would be advantageous to exit; and 
 the joint venture partner could have a right of first offer, tag-along rights, drag-along rights, consent rights or other similar rights in respect of any transfers of the ownership interests in the joint venture to third parties, which could have the effect of making such transfers more complicated or limiting or delaying us from selling our interest in the applicable investment. 
 Furthermore, we may have conflicting fiduciary obligations if we acquire properties with our affiliates or other related entities. As a result, in any such transaction, we may not have the benefit of arm s-length negotiations of the type normally conducted between unrelated parties. 
 We may have difficulty selling our properties, which may limit our flexibility and ability to pay distributions. 
 Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, it could be difficult for us to promptly sell one or more of our properties on favorable terms. This may limit our ability to change our portfolio quickly in response to adverse changes in the performance of any such property or economic or market trends. In addition, U.S. federal tax laws that impose a 100 excise tax on gains from sales of dealer property by a REIT (generally, property held for sale, rather than investment) could limit our ability to sell properties and may affect our ability to sell properties without adversely affecting returns to our stockholders. These restrictions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We rely on property managers to operate our properties and leasing agents to lease vacancies in our properties. 
 The Adviser and the Sub-Adviser hire property managers to manage our properties and leasing agents to lease vacancies in our properties. These property managers may be our affiliates or partners in joint ventures that we enter into. We may also use portfolio entities owned by Brookfield to provide these property management, leasing and similar services. The property managers have significant decision-making authority with respect to the management of our properties. We are particularly dependent on property managers of any hospitality and leisure properties we invest in. In cases where we use third party property managers, our ability to direct and control how our properties are managed on a day-to-day basis may be limited. Thus, the success of our business may depend in large part on the ability of our property managers to manage the day-to-day operations and the ability of our leasing agents to lease vacancies in our properties. In cases where we use one of Brookfield s portfolio entities to provide property management services, we will directly incur the expenses of property management and the other costs and obligations associated with operating the portfolio entity, including the compensation of the portfolio entity employees. Any adversity experienced by, or problems in our relationship with, our property managers or leasing agents could adversely impact the operation and profitability of our properties. 
 We will depend on tenants for our revenue, and therefore our revenue will be dependent on the success and economic viability of our tenants. Our reliance on single or significant tenants in certain buildings may decrease our ability to lease vacated space. 
 Rental income from real property, directly or indirectly, constitutes a significant portion of our income. Delays in collecting accounts receivable from tenants could adversely affect our cash flows and financial condition. In addition, the inability of a single major tenant or a number of smaller tenants to meet their rental obligations would adversely affect our income. Therefore, our financial success will be indirectly dependent on the success of the businesses operated by the tenants in our 
 23 

properties or in the properties securing loans we may own. The weakening of the financial condition of or the bankruptcy or insolvency of a significant tenant or a number of smaller tenants and vacancies caused by defaults of tenants or the expiration of leases may adversely affect our operations and our ability to pay distributions. 
 Generally, under U.S. bankruptcy law, a debtor tenant has 120 days to exercise the option of assuming or rejecting the obligations under any unexpired lease for nonresidential real property, which period may be extended once by the bankruptcy court for an additional 90 days. If the tenant assumes its lease, the tenant must cure all defaults under the lease and may be required to provide adequate assurance of its future performance under the lease. If the tenant rejects the lease, we will have a claim against the tenant s bankruptcy estate. Although rent owing for the period between filing for bankruptcy and rejection of the lease may be afforded administrative expense priority and paid in full, pre-bankruptcy arrears and amounts owing under the remaining term of the lease will be afforded general unsecured claim status (absent collateral securing the claim). Moreover, amounts owing under the remaining term of the lease will be capped. Other than equity and subordinated claims, general unsecured claims are the last claims paid in a bankruptcy and therefore funds may not be available to pay such claims in full. 
 Some of our properties may be leased to a single or significant tenant or tenants in a related industry and, accordingly, may be suited to the particular needs of such tenant or tenants and may be susceptible to risk if the business of such tenant or tenants is adversely affected. We may have difficulty replacing such a tenant or tenants and may not be able to lease the property on the same terms to a future tenant. In addition, the resale value of the property could be diminished because the market value of a particular property will depend principally upon the value of the leases of such property. 
 We may be unable to renew leases as leases expire. 
 We may not be able to lease properties that are vacant or become vacant because a tenant decides not to renew its lease or by the continued default of a tenant under its lease. In addition, certain of the properties we acquire may have some level of vacancy at the time of acquisition. Certain other properties may be specifically suited to the particular needs of a tenant and may become vacant after we acquire them. Even if a tenant renews its lease or we enter into a lease with a new tenant, the terms of the new lease may be less favorable than the terms of the old lease. In addition, the resale value of the property could be diminished because the market value may depend principally upon the value of the property s leases. If we are unable to promptly renew or enter into new leases, or if the rental rates are lower than expected, our results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. For example, following the termination or expiration of a tenant s lease there may be a period of time before we will begin receiving rental payments under a replacement lease. During that period, we will continue to bear fixed expenses such as interest, real estate taxes, maintenance, security, repairs and other operating expenses. In addition, declining economic conditions may impair our ability to attract replacement tenants and achieve rental rates equal to or greater than the rents paid under previous leases. Increased competition for tenants may require us to make capital improvements to properties which would not have otherwise been planned. Any unbudgeted capital improvements that we undertake may divert cash that would otherwise be available for distributions or for satisfying repurchase requests. Ultimately, to the extent that we are unable to renew leases or re-let space as leases expire, decreased cash flow from tenants will result, which could adversely impact our operating results. 
 We may be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a tenant can be found for a property at an attractive lease rate or an investment in a property can be sold. No assurance can be given that we will have funds available to correct those defects or to make those improvements. In acquiring a property, we may agree to lock-out provisions that materially restrict us from selling that property for a period of time or impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed on that property. These factors and others that could impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties could significantly affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 Our properties will face significant competition. 
 We may face significant competition from owners, operators and developers of properties. Substantially all of our properties will face competition from similar properties in the same market. This competition may affect our ability to attract and retain tenants and may reduce the rents we are able to charge. These competing properties may have vacancy rates higher than our properties, which may result in their owners being willing to lease available space at lower prices than the space in our properties. If one of our properties were to lose an anchor tenant, this could impact the leases of other tenants, who may be able to modify or terminate their leases as a result. 
 Our properties may be leased at below-market rates under long-term leases. 
 We may seek to negotiate longer-term leases to reduce the cash flow volatility associated with lease rollovers, provided that contractual rent increases are included. In addition, where appropriate, we will seek leases that provide for operating expenses, or expense increases, to be paid by the tenants. These leases may allow tenants to renew the lease with pre-defined rate increases. If we do not accurately judge the potential for increases in market rental rates, we may set the rental rates of these long-term leases at levels such that even after contractual rental increases, the resulting rental rates are less than then-current market rental rates. Further, we may be unable to terminate those leases or adjust the rent to then-prevailing market rates. As a 
 24 

result, our income and distributions to our stockholders could be lower than if we did not enter into long-term leases. 
 We may experience material losses or damage related to our properties and such losses may not be covered by insurance. 
 We may experience losses related to our properties arising from natural disasters such as extreme weather events, climate change, earthquakes or floods, and acts of God, vandalism or other crime, faulty construction or accidents, fire, outbreaks of an infectious disease, pandemic or any other serious public health concern, war, acts of terrorism or other catastrophes. We plan to carry insurance covering our properties under policies the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser, as applicable, deem appropriate. The Adviser and the Sub-Adviser will select policy specifications and insured limits that it believes to be appropriate and adequate given the relative risk of loss, the cost of the coverage and industry practice. Insurance policies on our properties may include some coverage for losses that are generally catastrophic in nature, such as losses due to terrorism, earthquakes, typhoons and floods, though certain losses of a catastrophic nature may be uninsurable or insurable at such high rates that to maintain such coverage would cause an adverse impact to our profitability. Moreover, we cannot assure you that any insurance coverage we carry will be adequate to cover all losses and some of our policies will be insured subject to limitations involving large deductibles or co-payments and policy limits that may not be sufficient to cover losses. In general, losses related to terrorism are becoming harder and more expensive to insure against. Some insurers are excluding terrorism coverage from their all-risk policies. In some cases, the insurers are offering significantly limited coverage against terrorist acts for additional premiums, which can greatly increase the total costs of casualty insurance for a property. As a result, not all investments may be insured against terrorism. A similar dynamic has been unfolding with respect to certain weather and fire events, with insurers excluding certain investments that have high risk of weather, earthquake or fire events. As the effects of climate change increase, we expect the frequency and impact of weather and climate related events and conditions could increase as well. If we or one or more of our tenants experience a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds policy limits, we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties as well as the anticipated future cash flows from those properties. In addition, if the damaged properties are subject to recourse indebtedness, we would continue to be liable for the indebtedness, even if these properties were irreparably damaged. Certain of these events, such as war or an outbreak of an infectious disease, could have a broader negative impact on the global or local economy, thereby affecting us, the Adviser or the Sub-Adviser. 
 We could become subject to liability for environmental violations, regardless of whether we caused such violations. 
 We could become subject to liability in the form of fines or damages for noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations generally govern wastewater discharges, air emissions, the operation and removal of underground and above-ground storage tanks, the use, storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of solid hazardous materials, the remediation of contaminated property associated with the disposal of solid and hazardous materials and other health and safety-related concerns. Some of these laws and regulations may impose joint and several liability on tenants, owners or managers for the costs of investigation or remediation of contaminated properties, regardless of fault or the legality of the original disposal. Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances, and regulations, a current or former owner or manager of real property may be liable for the cost to remove or remediate hazardous or toxic substances, wastes, or petroleum products on, under, from, or in such property. These costs could be substantial and liability under these laws may attach whether or not the owner or manager knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such contamination. Even if more than one person may have been responsible for the contamination, each liable party may be held entirely responsible for all of the clean-up costs incurred. 
 In addition, third parties may sue the owner or manager of a property for damages based on personal injury, natural resources, or property damage or for other costs, including investigation and clean-up costs, resulting from the environmental contamination. The presence of contamination on one of our properties, or the failure to properly remediate a contaminated property, could give rise to a lien in favor of the government for costs it may incur to address the contamination, or otherwise adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the property or borrow using the property as collateral. In addition, if contamination is discovered on our properties, environmental laws may impose restrictions on the manner in which the property may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures or prevent us from entering into leases with prospective tenants. There can be no assurance that future laws, ordinances or regulations will not impose any material environmental liability, or that the environmental condition of our properties will not be affected by the operations of the tenants, by the existing condition of the land or by operations in the vicinity of the properties. There can be no assurance that these laws, or changes in these laws, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Short-term leases associated with any multifamily or single family rental properties may expose us to the effects of declining market rent and could adversely impact our ability to make cash distributions to our stockholders. 
 Substantially all of our leases in multifamily properties and single family rental properties are on a short-term basis. Because these leases generally permit the residents to leave at the end of the lease term without penalty, our rental revenues may be impacted by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms. 
 25 

Increased levels of unemployment could adversely affect the occupancy and rental rates of any multifamily and single family rental properties we acquire. 
 Increased levels of unemployment in markets where we are invested in multifamily and single family rental properties could significantly decrease occupancy and rental rates. In times of increasing unemployment, occupancy and rental rates have historically been adversely affected by: 
 oversupply or reduced demand for housing; 
 rental residents deciding to share rental units and therefore rent fewer units; 
 potential residents moving back into family homes or delaying leaving family homes; 
 a reduced demand for higher-rent properties; 
 a decline in household formation; 
 persons enrolled in college delaying leaving college or choosing to proceed to or return to graduate school in the absence of available employment; 
 rent control or rent stabilization laws, or other laws regulating housing, that could prevent us from raising rents sufficiently to offset increases in operating costs; 
 the inability or unwillingness of residents to pay rent increases; and 
 increased collection losses. 
 These factors generally have contributed to lower rental rates and our results of operations, financial condition and ability to make distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected if these factors do not improve or worsen. 
 Rent control and other changes in applicable laws, or noncompliance with applicable laws, could adversely affect our multifamily and single family rental properties. 
 Lower revenue growth or significant unanticipated expenditures may result from changes in rent control or rent stabilization laws or other residential landlord/tenant laws. Municipalities may implement, consider or be urged by advocacy groups to consider rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations or take other actions that could limit our ability to raise rents based on market conditions. Any future enactments of rent control or rent stabilization laws or other laws regulating housing, as well as any lawsuits against us arising from such rent control or other laws, may reduce rental revenues or increase operating costs. Such laws and regulations may limit our ability to charge market rents, increase rents, evict tenants or recover increases in our operating costs and could make it more difficult for us to dispose of properties in certain circumstances. Expenses associated with investments in residential properties, such as debt service, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in rental income from such properties. 
 The multifamily properties in which we invest must comply with the Fair Housing Amendment of 1988 (the FHAA ). 
 The multifamily properties in which we invest domestically, if any, must comply with the FHAA which requires that multifamily properties first occupied after March 13, 1991 be accessible to handicapped residents and visitors. Compliance with the FHAA could require removal of structural barriers to handicapped access in a community, including the interiors of apartment units covered under the FHAA. Recently there has been heightened scrutiny of multifamily housing communities for compliance with the requirements of the FHAA and the Americans with Disabilities Act (the ADA and an increasing number of substantial enforcement actions and private lawsuits have been brought against multifamily properties to ensure compliance with these requirements. Noncompliance with the FHAA and the ADA could result in the imposition of fines, awards of damages to private litigants, payment of attorneys fees and other costs to plaintiffs, substantial litigation costs and substantial costs of remediation. 
 We may be adversely affected by trends in the office real estate industry. 
 Some businesses are rapidly evolving to make employee telecommuting, flexible work schedules, open workplaces and teleconferencing increasingly common. These practices enable businesses to reduce their space requirements. A continuation of the movement towards these practices could over time erode the overall demand for office space and, in turn, place downward pressure on occupancy, rental rates and property valuations, each of which could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and ability to make expected distributions to our stockholders. We may also be negatively impacted by competition from other short-term office or shared space leasing companies. 
 
 26 

Our logistics tenants may be adversely affected by a decline in manufacturing activity in the United States. 
 Fluctuations in manufacturing activity in the United States may adversely affect our logistics tenants and therefore the demand for and profitability of our logistics properties. Trade agreements with foreign countries have given employers the option to utilize less expensive foreign manufacturing workers. Outsourcing manufacturing activities could reduce the demand for U.S. workers, thereby reducing the profitability of our logistics tenants and the demand for and profitability of our logistics properties. 
 Certain of our properties may be special use or build-to-suit and may be difficult to sell or relet upon tenant defaults or lease terminations. 
 Certain of our properties may include special use or build-to-suit properties. These types of properties are relatively illiquid compared to other types of real estate and financial assets and this illiquidity will limit our ability to quickly change our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions. With such properties, if the current lease is terminated or not renewed, we may be required to renovate the property or to make rent concessions in order to lease the property to another tenant, finance the property or sell the property. In addition, in the event we are forced to sell the property, we may have difficulty selling it to a party other than the tenant or borrower due to the special purpose for which the property may have been designed. These and other limitations may affect our ability to sell or relet these properties and adversely affect our results of operations at such properties. 
 
 General Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate-Related Debt 
 Investments in real estate-related debt securities are subject to various risks, including creditor risks and early redemption features, which may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We invest in public and private debt investments and other obligations relating to real estate assets and real estate-related companies, including CMBS, RMBS and corporate bonds. The value of these debt investments and whether and to what extent such investments perform as expected will depend, in part, on the prevailing conditions in the market for real estate investment generally and, in particular, on the value of the underlying real estate asset collateral or real estate-related companies to which such debt investments relate. Real estate-related debt securities can also be very volatile and their value can change rapidly and dramatically, including in response to changes in interest rates and other market events. 
 Investments in real estate debt also involve many unique risks. For example, debt instruments may be non-recourse loans where the sole recourse for the repayment will be the underlying real estate-related asset. As a result, the ability of obligors to make payments is dependent upon the underlying real estate-related asset rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of such obligors or any parent guarantees. The debt securities and instruments that we invest in may be subject to early redemption features, refinancing options, pre-payment options or similar provisions which, in each case, could result in obligors of such securities or loans repaying principal to us earlier than expected, resulting in a lower return to us than projected (even taking into consideration any make-whole or similar feature). In addition, certain of the debt securities and instruments in which we invest may be structured so that all or a substantial portion of the principal will not be paid until maturity, which increases the risk of default at that time. 
 We may invest in mortgages, real estate loans, securities and other relatively illiquid investments. 
 Subject to the limitations in our charter, we may invest in mortgages, real estate loans, securities and other relatively illiquid investments. All or a significant portion of our assets may consist of private investments, investments that are thinly-traded, investments for which no market exists or investments that are restricted as to their transferability under applicable securities laws or documents governing particular transactions. Some securities or instruments that were liquid at the time they were acquired may, for a variety of reasons which may not be in our control, later become illiquid. This factor may have the effect of limiting the availability of these securities or instruments for purchase by us and may also limit our ability to sell such investments at their fair market value in response to changes in the economy or the financial markets. 
 We may face risks in connection with frequent trading in and high portfolio turnover of our real estate-related debt portfolio and our Liquidity Sleeve. 
 The different strategies used by the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser with respect to our real estate-related debt portfolio and our Liquidity Sleeve may, from time to time, require frequent trading and a high portfolio turnover. The more frequently we trade, the higher the commission and transaction costs and certain other expenses involved in our operations. These costs will be borne by us regardless of the profitability of our investment and trading activities. In addition, a high portfolio turnover may increase the recognition of short-term, rather than long-term, capital gains. 
 Investments in subordinated debt carry greater risks than those associated with senior obligations. 
 The debt securities and instruments in which we may invest include secured or unsecured debt at various levels of an issuer s 
 27 

capital structure. As part of our investment strategy, it is anticipated that we will invest in a range of mezzanine, junior tranches of debt securities in an issuer s capital structure and pools or tranches of CMBS and RMBS comprised of securities that are subordinated or otherwise junior in an issuer s capital structure. To the extent we invest in unsecured or relatively junior debt securities in an issuer s capital structure, such investments may be subordinated to substantial amounts of senior secured indebtedness. Investments in subordinated debt securities involve greater credit risk of default than the more senior classes of such issuance or series. Subordinated or junior tranches in an issuer s capital structure absorb losses from default before other more senior tranches to which such junior tranches are subordinate. As a result, to the extent we invest in such debt, we would potentially receive payments or interest distributions after, and must bear the effects of losses or defaults on the underlying mortgage loans before, the holders of other more senior tranches of debt. 
 The debt securities and instruments in which we may invest may not be protected by financial covenants or limitations upon additional indebtedness, may have limited liquidity and may not be rated by a credit rating agency. Debt investments are also subject to other creditor risks, including the possible invalidation of an investment transaction as a fraudulent conveyance under relevant creditors rights laws; so-called lender liability claims by the issuer of the obligations; and environmental liabilities that may arise with respect to collateral securing the obligations. Our investments may be subject to early redemption features, refinancing options, pre-payment options or similar provisions which, in each case, could result in the issuer repaying the principal on an obligation held by us earlier than expected and thereby limiting the amount of income earned by us from such investments. In addition, depending on fluctuations of the equity markets and other factors, warrants and other equity securities we receive may become worthless. 
 Certain risks associated with CMBS and RMBS securities may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We invest in pools or tranches of CMBS and RMBS which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including credit, market, interest rate, structural and legal risks. These risks may be magnified by volatility in the credit and real estate markets. The investment characteristics of CMBS and RMBS differ from traditional debt securities in a number of respects, and are similar to the characteristics of structured credit products in which investors participate through a trust or other similar conduit arrangement. Mortgage loans are obligations of the borrowers thereunder and are not typically insured or guaranteed by any other person or entity. While we intend to analyze and underwrite our CMBS and RMBS investments from a fundamental real estate perspective, there can be no assurance that such underwriting practices will yield their desired results or that we will be able to effectively achieve our investment objectives. 
 The prospect of full repayment of the mortgage loans underlying CMBS depends on the ability of the commercial borrower to generate current income from its commercial property. The ability to generate current income from a commercial property is affected by a variety of factors. Such factors include differences in the management ability and track record of the commercial borrower, and geographic or industry concentration. Commercial borrowers may also lack the incentive to invest the funds necessary to maintain and attract tenants in the properties underlying the commercial mortgage loans to the extent the value of the mortgage exceeds the property value. Unlike residential mortgage loans, most commercial mortgage loans are not significantly amortized over the loans terms. Instead, with most commercial mortgage loans the bulk of the loan balance is payable at maturity with a one-time payment, commonly known as a balloon payment. Full satisfaction of the balloon payment by a commercial borrower is heavily dependent on the availability of subsequent financing, which can be negatively impacted by a difficult credit environment. Usually, a commercial borrower will seek out another loan to satisfy the balloon payment on a commercial mortgage loan. Therefore, full satisfaction of a commercial mortgage loan will be affected by a commercial borrower s access to credit. In certain situations, including during periods of credit distress, the unavailability of real estate financing may lead to default by a commercial borrower. 
 Mortgage loans are usually non-recourse in nature. Therefore, if a borrower defaults on the mortgage loan underlying the CMBS or RMBS, the options for financial recovery are limited in nature. To the extent the underlying default rates with respect to the loans comprising a pool or tranche of CMBS or RMBS in which we invest increase, the performance of our investments related thereto may be adversely affected. Default rates and losses on mortgage loans underlying the CMBS or RMBS will be affected by a number of factors, including global, regional and local economic conditions in the area where the mortgage properties are located, the borrower s equity in the mortgage property and the financial circumstances of the borrower. A decline in specific real estate markets and property valuations may result in higher delinquencies and defaults. In the event of default, the lender will have no right to assets beyond collateral attached to the mortgage loan. There can be no guarantee that our investments in CMBS and RMBS will not be adversely affected by such risks. 
 The value of CMBS and RMBS is subject to risk from possible geographic or industry concentration. In addition to investing in pools or tranches of CMBS and RMBS, we may in certain circumstances invest in securities relating to a single issuer or a handful of issuers, which involves a high degree of concentrated risk with no certainty of any return of capital. These risks may be further pronounced in cases where the CMBS or RMBS is secured by a relatively small or less diverse pool of underlying loans or real estate assets. Certain geographic regions or industries may be more adversely affected from economic pressures when compared to other geographic regions or industries. A pool of CMBS or RMBS by mortgage loans with a substantial 
 28 

geographic or industry concentration will be more susceptible to the economic environment of such concentrated geographic regions or industries, and therefore could be at greater risk for a substantial loss in value. 
 We may invest in structured products that may involve structural and legal risks. 
 We may invest in structured products, including debt securities issued by a private investment fund that invests, on a leveraged basis, in bank loans, high-yield debt or other asset groups, as well as certificates issued by a structured investment vehicle that holds pools of CMBS or RMBS. Our investments in structured products will be subject to a number of risks, including risks related to the fact that the structured products will be leveraged, and other structural and legal risks related thereto. Utilization of leverage is a speculative investment technique and will generally magnify the opportunities for gain and risk of loss borne by an investor in the subordinated debt securities issued by a structured product. Many structured products contain covenants designed to protect the providers of debt financing to such structured products. A failure to satisfy those covenants could result in the untimely liquidation of the structured product and a complete loss of our investment therein. In addition, if the particular structured product is invested in a security in which we are also invested, this would tend to increase our overall exposure to the credit of the issuer of such securities, at least on an absolute, if not on a relative basis. The value of an investment in a structured product will depend on the investment performance of the assets in which the structured product invests and will, therefore, be subject to all of the risks associated with an investment in those assets. These risks include the possibility of a default by, or bankruptcy of, the issuers of such assets or a claim that the pledging of collateral to secure any such asset constituted a fraudulent conveyance or preferential transfer that can be subordinated to the rights of other creditors of the issuer of such asset or nullified under applicable law. 
 We may enter into swap transactions, which involve a variety of significant risks. 
 We may enter into long and short positions in all types of derivative transactions and credit-linked securities, including total return swaps, rate of return swaps, credit default swaps (including index-related credit default swaps), interest rate swaps, and credit-linked notes and deposits. Credit-linked securities, including credit default swaps, are bilateral over the counter agreements between two parties that transfer a defined credit risk from one party to another. 
 Swap transactions, like other financial transactions, involve a variety of significant risks. The specific risks presented by a particular swap transaction necessarily depend upon the terms of the transaction and our circumstances. In general, however, all swap transactions involve some combination of market risk, credit risk, counterparty credit risk, funding risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. Highly customized swap transactions in particular may have increased liquidity risk. Highly leveraged transactions may experience substantial gains or losses in value as a result of relatively small changes in the value or level of an underlying or related market factor. In evaluating the risks and contractual obligations associated with a particular swap transaction, it is important to consider that a swap transaction may be modified or terminated only by mutual consent of the original parties and subject to agreement on individually negotiated terms. Therefore, it may not be possible for us to modify, terminate or offset our obligations under a swap or our exposure to the risks associated with a swap prior to its scheduled termination date. 
 We expect that we will be operated pursuant to an exemption or exclusion from the registration requirements under the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC regulations. 
 It is expected that we will be operated pursuant to an exemption or exclusion from the registration requirements under the CFTC regulations, including pursuant to certain no-action relief with respect to equity REITs. Therefore, neither the Adviser, the Sub-Adviser or Oaktree will be required to provide prospective investors with a CFTC compliant disclosure document, nor will they be required to provide investors with periodic account statements or certified annual reports that satisfy the requirements of CFTC rules applicable to registered commodity pool operators, in connection with any offerings of shares. 

Risks Related to Debt Financing 
 We use mortgage indebtedness and other borrowings, which increases our business risks, could hinder our ability to make distributions and could decrease the value of our stock. 
 Subject to maintaining our REIT qualification and the limitations in our charter, we have and may continue to use leverage for our investments on a recourse or non-recourse basis or otherwise engage in certain investment activities that involve the use of leverage, including through credit default swaps or total return swaps. While leverage presents opportunities for increasing our total return, it may increase losses as well. Accordingly, any event that adversely affects the value of one of our investments would be magnified to the extent leverage is used. To the extent that we engage in any leveraging, we will be subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including those relating to the ability to refinance and the insufficiency of cash flow to meet principal and interest payments, which could significantly reduce or even eliminate the value of our equity in real estate investments. Leveraging our capital structure will mean that third parties, such as banks, may be entitled to the cash flow generated by such investments prior to us or our investors receiving a return. Additionally, if one of our assets is mortgaged or 
 29 

otherwise used as collateral to secure repayment of indebtedness and such payments are not made, the asset could be foreclosed upon by or otherwise transferred to the lender. 
 Under our charter, we have a limitation that precludes us from borrowing in excess of 300 of our net assets, which approximates borrowing 75 of the cost of our investments (unless a majority of our independent directors approves any borrowing in excess of the limit and we disclose the justification for doing so to our stockholders), but such restriction does not restrict the amount of indebtedness we may incur with respect to any single investment. To the extent that we do not employ long-term leverage (or employs less leverage than originally anticipated), our investment returns may be lower than those that might have been achieved using long-term leverage. 
 No assurance can be given that financing will be available throughout the life of us or any individual investment, or that long-term replacement financing can be obtained as intended by the Adviser or the Sub-Adviser, as applicable. If we are unable to obtain financing, including on favorable terms that reflect its underlying investments, this may have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objectives and the return on invested capital. There are also financing costs associated with leverage. Such costs will be borne by us and therefore may adversely affect the rate of returns we obtain. In addition, each leveraged investment will involve interest rate risk to the extent that financing charges for such leveraged investment are based on a predetermined interest rate. 
 The use of borrowed funds will magnify the volatility of our investment portfolio and involves substantial risks. The use of leverage involves a high degree of financial risk and will increase the exposure of the investments to adverse economic factors such as rising interest rates, downturns in the economy or deteriorations in the condition of the investments. Principal and interest payments on indebtedness (including mortgages having balloon payments) will have to be made regardless of the sufficiency of cash flow from the properties. Our investments will be impaired by a smaller decline in the value of the properties than is the case where properties are owned with a proportionately smaller amount of debt. 
 Although the use of borrowed funds will increase investment returns if the leveraged portfolio investment earns a return greater than the cost of our borrowed funds, investment returns will decrease if the leveraged portfolio investment fails to earn a return equal to the cost of our borrowed funds. The extent to which we use borrowed funds may have important consequences to our stockholders, including greater fluctuations in our net assets, use of cash flow for debt service, rather than for additional investments, distributions, or other purposes, and in certain circumstances we may be required to prematurely divest investments to service its debt obligations. All of these risks are magnified by the use of long-term leverage in excess of unfunded commitments. 
 If we default on secured indebtedness, the lender may foreclose and we could lose our entire investment in the collateral for such loan. If we become subject to a liability, parties seeking to have the liability satisfied may have recourse to our assets generally and not be limited to any particular asset, such as the investment giving rise to the liability. No assurance can be given that financing for our investments will be obtained by us, or obtained on favorable or acceptable terms, including terms which reflect the financing provided by us. A foreclosure may also have substantial adverse tax consequences for us. 
 Many of these same issues also apply to credit facilities which are expected to be in place at various times as well. For example, the loan documents for such facilities may include various asset coverage ratios, the continued compliance with which may not be completely within our control. If such coverage ratios are not met, the lenders under such credit facilities may declare any unfunded commitments to be terminated and declare any amounts outstanding to be due and payable. 
 If we draw on a line of credit to pay distributions, fund repurchases or for any other reason, our financial leverage ratio could increase beyond our target. 
 We have entered into an uncommitted line of credit from an affiliate of Brookfield (the Credit Agreement and may seek to obtain additional lines of credit in an effort to provide for a ready source of liquidity for any business purpose, including to pay distributions or fund repurchases of shares of our common stock in the event that repurchase requests exceed our operating cash flow and/or net proceeds from our continuous offering. There can be no assurances that we will be able to borrow under the line of credit, that the lender will issue a loan or extend or renew the line of credit, or that we will be able to obtain additional lines of credit on financially reasonable terms. In addition, we may not be able to obtain a line of credit of an appropriate size for our business until such time as we have a substantial portfolio, or at all. If we borrow under a line of credit to pay distributions or fund repurchases of shares of our common stock, our financial leverage will increase and may exceed our target leverage ratio. Our leverage may remain at the higher level until we receive additional net proceeds from our Offering or generate sufficient operating cash flow or proceeds from asset sales to repay outstanding indebtedness. 
 
 30 

Increases in interest rates could increase the amount of our loan payments and adversely affect our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 A number of our assets are interest rate sensitive: increases in long-term interest rates will, absent all else, increase our interest rate expense, impacting profitability, and decrease the value of these assets by reducing the present value of the cash flows expected to be produced by the asset. Interest we pay on our loan obligations will reduce cash available for distributions. If we obtain variable rate loans, increases in interest rates would increase our interest costs, which would reduce our cash flows and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. In addition, if we need to repay existing loans during periods of rising interest rates, we could be required to liquidate one or more of our investments at times that may not permit realization of the maximum return on such investments. We cannot predict factors which may or may not affect interest rates. 
 Volatility in the financial markets and challenging economic conditions could adversely affect our ability to secure debt financing on attractive terms and our ability to service any future indebtedness that we may incur. 
 If the overall cost of borrowing increases, either by increases in the index rates or by increases in lender spreads, the increased costs may result in future acquisitions generating lower overall economic returns and potentially reducing future cash flow available for distribution. Disruptions in the debt markets negatively impact our ability to borrow monies to finance the purchase of, or other activities related to, real estate assets. If we are unable to borrow monies on terms and conditions that we find acceptable, we likely will have to reduce the number of properties we can purchase, and the return on the properties we do purchase may be lower. In addition, we may find it difficult, costly or impossible to refinance indebtedness that is maturing. Moreover, to the extent that such marketplace events are not temporary and continue, they may have an adverse impact on the availability of credit to businesses generally and could lead to an overall weakening of the U.S. economy. 
 Lenders may require us to enter into restrictive covenants relating to our operations, which could limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 When providing financing, a lender may impose restrictions on us that affect our distribution and operating policies and our ability to obtain additional loans. Loan documents we enter into may contain covenants that limit our ability to further mortgage or dispose of the property or discontinue insurance coverage. In addition, loan documents may limit our ability to enter into or terminate certain operating or lease agreements related to the property. These or other limitations may adversely affect our flexibility and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the value of our shares. 
 Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Subject to any limitations required to maintain qualification as a REIT, we may engage in interest rate hedging or other hedging strategies in order to manage risk and return trade-offs. These agreements involve risks, such as the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements and that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes. These interest rate hedging arrangements may create additional assets or liabilities from time to time that may be held or liquidated separately from the underlying property or loan for which they were originally established. Moreover, it may not be possible to hedge against currency exchange rate, interest rate or public security price fluctuations at a price sufficient to provide protection from the decline in the value of the portfolio position. Hedging may also reduce the overall returns on our investments. Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may be adversely affected by the phasing out of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ). 
 The Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA in the United Kingdom ceased compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR in 2021. In response, the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York organized the Alternative Reference Rates Committee which identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as its preferred alternative to USD-LIBOR in derivatives and other financial contracts. In November 2020, the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, the benchmark administrator for USD LIBOR rates, proposed extending the publication of certain commonly-used USD LIBOR settings until June 30, 2023 and the FCA issued a statement supporting such proposal. It is not possible to predict the effect of these changes, including when LIBOR will cease to be available or when there will be sufficient liquidity in the SOFR markets. 
 Our debt includes floating-rate loans for which the interest rates are tied to LIBOR and real estate-related investments with interest payments based on LIBOR. The discontinuance of, or changes to, benchmark interest rates may require adjustments to agreements to which we and other market participants are parties, as well as to related systems and processes. Such amendments and restructurings, could require us to incur significant expense and may subject us to disputes or litigation over the appropriateness or comparability to the relevant benchmark of the replacement reference rates. In the transition from the use of LIBOR to SOFR or other alternatives, uncertainty exists as to the extent and manner of future changes may result in interest rates and/or payments that are higher than or lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the interest rates and/or payments that would have been made on our obligations if LIBOR was available in its current form. Use of alternative 
 31 

interest rates or other LIBOR reforms could result in increased volatility or a tightening of credit markets which could adversely affect our ability to obtain cost-effective financing. In addition, the transition of our existing LIBOR financing agreements to alternative benchmarks could increase our financing costs or decrease the income we earn on our real estate debt investments, which could impact our results of operations, cash flows and the market value of our investments. 
 Under current law, certain modifications of terms of LIBOR-based instruments may have tax consequences, including deemed taxable exchanges of the pre- modification instrument for the modified instrument. Proposed Treasury Regulations have been issued that would treat certain modifications that would be taxable events under current law as non-taxable events. The proposed Treasury Regulations also would permit real estate mortgage investment conduits REMICs to make certain modifications without losing REMIC qualification. The proposed Treasury Regulations do not discuss REIT- specific issues of modifications to LIBOR-based instruments. It is not clear when the proposed Treasury Regulations will be finalized or what, if any, changes will be made to the proposed Treasury Regulations in final Treasury Regulations. The IRS has also issued Revenue Procedure 2020-44, which provides additional guidance to facilitate the market s transition from LIBOR rates. This guidance clarifies the treatment of certain debt instruments modified to replace LIBOR-based terms. We will attempt to migrate to a post-LIBOR environment without jeopardizing our REIT qualification or suffering other adverse tax consequences but can give no assurances that we will succeed. 
 
 Risks Related to our Relationship with Brookfield 
 We depend on the Adviser to select our investments and otherwise conduct our business, and any material adverse change in its financial condition or our relationship with the Adviser could have a material adverse effect on our business and ability to achieve our investment objectives. 
 Our success is dependent upon our relationship with, and the performance of, the Adviser in the acquisition and management of our real estate portfolio, and our corporate operations. The Adviser may suffer or become distracted by adverse financial or operational problems in connection with Brookfield s business and activities unrelated to us and over which we have no control. The Adviser may also resign or our board of directors may determine to replace the Adviser with a different investment adviser, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to find a replacement investment adviser or that any replacement will be suitable. Should the Adviser fail to allocate sufficient resources to perform its responsibilities to us for any reason or should the Adviser resign or be replaced, we may be unable to achieve our investment objectives or to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 The Adviser s inability to retain the services of key real estate professionals could hurt our performance. 
 Our success depends to a significant degree upon the skill, acumen and contributions of certain key real estate and other professionals employed by the Adviser, each of whom would be difficult to replace. There is ever increasing competition among alternative asset firms, financial institutions, private equity firms, investment advisors, investment managers, real estate investment companies, real estate investment trusts and other industry participants for hiring and retaining qualified investment professionals and there can be no assurance that such professionals will continue to be associated with us or the Adviser, particularly in light of our perpetual-life nature, or that replacements will perform well. If any of these persons were to cease their association with us, our operating results could suffer. Our future success depends, in large part, upon the Adviser s ability to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, operational and marketing professionals. If the Adviser loses or is unable to obtain the services of highly skilled professionals, our ability to implement our investment strategies could be delayed or hindered. 
 The Adviser has engaged the Sub-Adviser to select and manage our liquid investments and to manage certain of our real estate properties and real estate-related debt investments. The Adviser relies on the performance of the Sub-Adviser in implementing the liquid investments portion of our investment strategy and the management of the real estate properties and real estate-related debt investments for which it is responsible. 
 The Adviser has engaged the Sub-Adviser to select and manage our liquid investments and to manage certain of our real estate properties and real estate-related debt investments pursuant to sub-advisory agreements between the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser. The Sub-Adviser has and will continue to have substantial discretion, within our investment guidelines, to make decisions related to the acquisition, management and disposition of our liquid assets and the management of the real estate properties and real estate-related debt investments for which it is responsible. If the Sub-Adviser does not succeed in managing the liquid investments portion of our investment strategy or successfully managing the real estate properties and real estate-related debt investments for which it is responsible, our performance will suffer. In addition, even though the Adviser has the ability to terminate the Sub-Adviser at any time, it may be difficult and costly to terminate and replace the Sub-Adviser. 
 
 32 

The success of our Offering is dependent, in part, on the ability of the Dealer Manager to retain key employees and to successfully build and maintain a network of licensed broker-dealers. 
 The dealer manager for the Offering is Brookfield Oaktree Wealth Management Solutions LLC, an affiliate of the Adviser. The Dealer Manager is newly formed, and other than serving as dealer manager for the Offering, the Dealer Manager has no experience acting as a dealer manager for a public offering of a non-listed REIT. The success of the Offering and our ability to implement our business strategy is dependent upon the ability of our Dealer Manager to retain key employees and to build and maintain a network of licensed securities broker- dealers and other agents. If the Dealer Manager is unable to retain qualified employees or build and maintain a sufficient network of participating broker-dealers to distribute shares in the Offering, we may not be able to raise adequate proceeds through the Offering to meet our investment objectives. In addition, the Dealer Manager may serve as dealer manager for other issuers, including Other Brookfield Accounts and other accounts of Oaktree Other Oaktree Accounts ). As a result, the Dealer Manager may experience conflicts of interest in allocating its time between the Offering and such other issuers, which could adversely affect our ability to raise adequate proceeds through the Offering and implement our investment strategy. Further, the participating broker-dealers retained by the Dealer Manager may have numerous competing investment products, some with similar or identical investment strategies and areas of focus as us, which they may elect to emphasize to their retail clients. 
 The fees we pay in connection with our Offering and the agreements entered into with Brookfield, Oaktree and their respective affiliates were not determined on an arm s-length basis and therefore may not be on the same terms we could achieve from a third party. 
 The compensation paid to the Adviser, the Sub-Adviser and other affiliates of Brookfield and Oaktree for services they provide us was not determined on an arm s-length basis. All service agreements, contracts or arrangements between or among Brookfield, Oaktree and their respective affiliates, including the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser, were not negotiated at arm s length. Such agreements include the Advisory Agreement, the Sub-Advisory Agreements, the Dealer Manager Agreement and any property management and other agreements we may enter into with affiliates of the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser from time to time. 
 Various potential and actual conflicts of interest will arise, and these conflicts may not be identified or resolved in a manner favorable to us. 
 Various potential and actual conflicts of interest will arise as a result of our overall investment activities and the overall investment activities of Brookfield, Oaktree, the Dealer Manager, the Adviser, the Sub-Adviser and their affiliates. The following risk factors enumerate certain but not all potential conflicts of interest that should be carefully evaluated before making an investment in us. Brookfield and Brookfield personnel may in the future engage in further activities that may result in additional conflicts of interest not addressed below. If any matter arises that we and our affiliates (including the Adviser, the Sub-Adviser and the Dealer Manager) determine in our good faith judgment constitutes an actual conflict of interest, we and our affiliates (including the Adviser, the Sub-Adviser and the Dealer Manager) may take such action as we determine in good faith may be necessary or appropriate to ameliorate the conflict. Transactions between us and Brookfield, Oaktree or their respective affiliates will require approval by our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors. There can be no assurance that our board of directors, Brookfield or Oaktree will identify or resolve all conflicts of interest in a manner that is favorable to us. 
 The Adviser s management and performance fees may not create proper incentives or may induce the Adviser and its affiliates to make certain investments, including speculative investments, that increase the risk of our real estate portfolio. 
 We will pay the Adviser a management fee regardless of the performance of our portfolio. The Adviser s entitlement to a management fee, which is not based upon performance metrics or goals, might reduce its incentive to devote its time and effort to seeking investments that provide attractive risk-adjusted returns for our portfolio. We may be required to pay the Adviser a management fee in a particular period despite experiencing a net loss or a decline in the value of our portfolio during that period. The Adviser, however, has a fiduciary duty to us. If the Adviser fails to act in our best interests, then it will have violated this duty. The Advisory Agreement may be terminated by us or the Adviser on 60 days notice. The existence of the performance fee, which is based on our total distributions plus the change in NAV per share, may create an incentive for the Adviser to make riskier or more speculative investments on our behalf or cause us to use more leverage than it would otherwise make in the absence of such performance based compensation. In addition, the change in NAV per share will be based on the value of our investments on the applicable measurement dates and not on realized gains or losses. As a result, the Adviser may receive distributions based on unrealized gains in certain assets at the time of such distributions and such gains may not be realized when those assets are eventually disposed of. 
 
 33 

Each of the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser will face a conflict of interest because the fees they will receive for services performed are based in part on our NAV, which the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser are ultimately responsible for determining. 
 Each of the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser will be paid fees for their services based on our NAV, which will be calculated by State Street, based on valuations provided by the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser. In addition, a component of the management and performance fees payable to the Adviser is based in part upon the Operating Partnership s net assets (which is a component of our NAV). The calculation of our NAV includes certain subjective judgments with respect to estimating, for example, the value of our portfolio and our accrued expenses, net portfolio income and liabilities, and therefore, our NAV may not correspond to realizable value upon a sale of those assets. The Adviser or the Sub-Adviser, as applicable, may benefit by us retaining ownership of our assets at times when our stockholders may be better served by the sale or disposition of our assets in order to avoid a reduction in our NAV. If our NAV is calculated in a way that is not reflective of our actual NAV, then the purchase price of shares of our common stock or the price paid for the repurchase of shares of common stock on a given date may not accurately reflect the value of our portfolio, and shares may be worth less than the purchase price or more than the repurchase price. 
 Certain Other Brookfield Accounts have similar or overlapping investment objectives and guidelines, and we will not be allocated certain opportunities and may be allocated only opportunities with lower relative returns. 
 Brookfield manages other funds and accounts, which present the possibility of overlapping investments, and thus the potential for conflicts of interest. Brookfield has adopted certain procedures intended to ensure fair and consistent access to appropriate investment opportunities among the Other Brookfield Accounts. Some of the investments targeted by us may be appropriate for certain Other Brookfield Accounts, and in retrospect or at different points in the market cycle, investments that were made by us may seem more appropriate for an Other Brookfield Account, and vice versa. Investors will have no ability to challenge such allocation so long as it was made in good faith in accordance with Brookfield s allocation procedures. Such procedures give Brookfield broad authority to allocate investment opportunities, notwithstanding the potential conflicts of interest that may exist. For example, management fees, incentive fees and liquidity provisions may differ significantly between us and the Other Brookfield Accounts, creating an economic incentive for Brookfield to allocate investments that may be appropriate for a lower fee or more liquid strategy to a higher fee or less liquid strategy. 
 If any matter arises that the Adviser determines in its good faith judgment constitutes an actual conflict of interest, the Adviser may take such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to prevent or reduce the conflict. 
 We may make investments in different parts of the capital structure of companies in which Other Brookfield Accounts already hold an investment. If any conflict were to arise, Brookfield will be permitted to take certain actions that, in the absence of such conflict, it would not take, such as causing us to remain passive, investing in the same class of securities to align interests, divesting investments or taking other actions to reduce adversity, which may have the effect of benefiting Other Brookfield Accounts and not our company. 
 In addition, Brookfield may determine the suitability of investments for our company or Other Brookfield Accounts based in part on the basis of financial projections and there is no guarantee that the conditions on which such projections are based will materialize or otherwise be applicable to our investments. Accordingly, Other Brookfield Accounts may be allocated investment opportunities that ultimately turn out to have been more appropriate for our company, and we may be allocated investment opportunities that turn out to have been more appropriate for Other Brookfield Accounts. In addition, events or conditions, including changes in general market conditions, which may not have been anticipated or which are otherwise not foreseeable, may occur and have a significant impact on the actual rate of return received with respect to our investments or the investments of Other Brookfield Accounts. 
 Under certain circumstances, we may be offered an opportunity to make an investment in a transaction in which one or more Other Brookfield Accounts is expected to make an investment, or in a company in which one or more Other Brookfield Accounts already has made, or concurrently will make, an investment, subject to the limitations set forth in our charter and any approvals by our board of directors required under our charter. As a result, we and the Other Brookfield Accounts may have conflicting interests in negotiating the terms of such investments. In that regard, actions may be taken for the Other Brookfield Accounts that are adverse to us. There can be no assurance that any such conflict will be resolved in our favor and Brookfield may be required to take action where it will have conflicting loyalties between its duties to us and to Other Brookfield Accounts, which may adversely impact us. Such conflicts may also exist in the negotiations of amendments or waivers or in a workout or bankruptcy. It is possible that in a bankruptcy proceeding, our interests may be subordinated or otherwise adversely affected by virtue of such Other Brookfield Accounts involvement and actions relating to their investments. Brookfield will seek to manage such conflicts in good faith and in a manner consistent with its duties to us and the other Brookfield Accounts. 
 In addition, we may be competing bidders from time to time with Other Brookfield Accounts for a specific investment opportunity. At the time such transaction is priced and at certain other times, certain personnel of Brookfield who are not engaged in our management may be restricted from disclosing information they receive about such investment from Other Brookfield Accounts to us. 
 34 

Brookfield personnel will work on other projects and conflicts may arise in the allocation of personnel between us and other projects. 
 The Adviser and its affiliates will devote such time as they deem necessary to conduct our business affairs in an appropriate manner. However, a core group of real estate professionals will devote substantially all of their business time not only to our activities but also to the activities of several Other Brookfield Accounts (and their investments) and their related entities (which may include separate accounts, dedicated managed accounts or investment funds formed for specific geographical areas or investments). Consequently, conflicts are expected to arise in the allocation of personnel, and we may not receive the level of support and assistance that we otherwise might receive if we were internally managed. The Adviser and its affiliates are not restricted from entering into other investment advisory relationships or from engaging in other business activities. 
 Brookfield or Oaktree may acquire confidential or material non-public information or be restricted from initiating transactions in certain securities, as a result of which we may not be able to initiate a transaction or sell an investment that may otherwise have been initiated or sold. 
 By reason of their responsibilities in connection with us and other activities of Other Brookfield Accounts or Other Oaktree Accounts, personnel of Brookfield or Oaktree may acquire confidential or material non-public information or be restricted from initiating transactions in certain securities. We will not be free to act upon any such information. Due to these restrictions, we may not be able to initiate a transaction that it otherwise might have initiated and may not be able to sell an investment that it otherwise might have sold. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Brookfield or Oaktree may determine, in their sole discretion at any time, that such information could impair its ability to effect certain transactions on behalf of us, whether for legal, contractual, or other reasons. Accordingly, Brookfield or Oaktree may elect not to receive such information. Lack of access to any such information may adversely affect our investments that in some cases may have been avoided had Brookfield or Oaktree, as applicable, had such information. 
 We may purchase assets from or sell assets to the Adviser, the Sub-Adviser and their respective affiliates, and such transactions may cause conflicts of interest. 
 We may purchase assets from or sell assets to the Adviser, the Sub-Adviser and their respective affiliates or clients. These purchases and sales may cause conflicts of interest, including with respect to the consideration offered and the obligations of such affiliates. These purchases and sales will be subject to the approval of a majority of directors (including a majority of our independent directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction. 
 We may make investments at different times or on different terms than Other Brookfield Accounts, ultimately realizing different investment returns than such Other Brookfield Accounts. 
 Other Brookfield Accounts may make investments at different times or on different terms or exit any of such investments at different times and/or on different terms compared to such investment made on our behalf. Therefore, we may realize different investment returns than Other Brookfield Accounts, with respect to any investment made alongside some or all of such entities. 
 Brookfield shall have sole discretion in determining what investments we will be offered to pursue. As a result, there is no guarantee that we will be offered the opportunity to invest in any particular investments or type of investments alongside any Other Brookfield Accounts. The terms, conditions and the time of investment and disposition of investments held by us may be materially different from those of any Other Brookfield Accounts. 
 Brookfield s or Oaktree s existing relationships may influence the Adviser s or the Sub-Adviser s decision-making and the Adviser or Sub-Adviser may take the existence and development of such relationships into consideration in managing us and our investments. 
 Brookfield and Oaktree each have long-term relationships with a significant number of companies and their respective senior management. Brookfield and Oaktree also have relationships with numerous investors, including institutional real estate investors and their senior management. The existence and development of these relationships may influence whether or not the Adviser undertakes a particular investment on behalf of us and, if so, the form and level of such investment. Similarly, the Adviser or the Sub-Adviser, as applicable, may take the existence and development of such relationships into consideration in its management of us and our investments. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, there may, for example, be certain strategies involving the management or realization of particular investments that the Adviser or the Sub-Adviser will not employ on our behalf in light of these relationships. 
 
 35 

The Adviser and the Sub-Adviser may face conflicts of interest in choosing our service providers and financing sources, and certain service providers may provide services to the Adviser, Brookfield, Other Brookfield Accounts, the Sub-Adviser, Oaktree or Other Oaktree Accounts on more favorable terms than those payable by us. 
 Conflicts of interest may exist with respect to the Adviser s and Sub-Adviser s selection of brokers, dealers and transaction agents and counterparties (collectively, Broker Dealers and financing sources for the execution of transactions by us. When engaging the services of such Broker Dealers and financing sources, the Adviser or the Sub-Adviser may, subject to best execution, take into consideration a variety of factors, including, to the extent applicable, the ability to achieve prompt and reliable execution, competitive pricing, transaction costs, operational efficiency with which transactions are effected, access to deal flow and precedent transactions, and the financial stability and reputation of the particular Broker Dealers, as well as other factors that the Adviser or the Sub-Adviser, as applicable, deems appropriate to consider under the circumstances. Broker Dealers and financing sources may provide other services that are beneficial to the Adviser, Brookfield, the Sub-Adviser, Oaktree and their respective affiliates, but that are not necessarily beneficial to us, including capital introductions, other marketing assistance, client and personnel referrals, consulting services, and research-related services. These other services and items may influence the Adviser s and the Sub-Adviser s selection of Broker Dealers and financing sources. 
 Conflicts of interest may also arise in connection with service providers retained by Brookfield. For example, Brookfield and/or the Adviser may from time to time retain consultants or transition former employees to consultant status to provide assistance with deal sourcing, industry insight or due diligence, offer financial and structuring advice and perform other services for us, Other Brookfield Accounts or their respective portfolio companies Senior Advisors ). Such services may be provided on an exclusive basis. Our share of any retainers or other fees charged by Senior Advisors Senior Advisor Fees will be treated as an expense borne by us (whether paid by us directly, by a portfolio company or by the Adviser or Brookfield and subsequently reimbursed by us). While such Senior Advisor Fees are believed to be reasonable and generally at market rates for the relevant service provided, because of the exclusive arrangements Senior Advisor Fees may not always be comparable to costs, fees and expenses charged for such services by other third parties. In addition to such fees, we will also generally bear our share of any travel costs or other out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Senior Advisors in connection with the provision of their services. Office, accounting, network, administration and other support benefits may be provided by Brookfield to Senior Advisors without charge. Senior Advisors may also be granted the right to participate alongside us in transactions that they source or for which they provide advice. Such co-investment rights may result in us investing less capital than we otherwise would have in such transactions. In addition, such Senior Advisors may invest directly in us as stockholders. 
 Additionally, Oaktree has retained Bellwether Asset Management, Inc. Bellwether ), a privately held real estate asset services provider, as a consultant to certain Other Oaktree Accounts and the Sub-Adviser may retain Bellwether as an outside service provider to us or our investments. Services performed by Bellwether include assisting with property management (including development projects), gathering, analyzing and sorting data from servicers and borrowers, synthesizing data into standardized management reports and analysis tools used by Oaktree to streamline financial and operational reporting, monitoring covenant compliance by borrowers, market surveillance, underwriting investment and disposition opportunities, modeling projected cash flows and associated investment returns, providing foundational data for valuations along with other valuation services, reviewing draw requests from borrowers, performing property-level accounting services along with other support services. The Sub-Adviser believes there is significant value in having an objective third party such as Bellwether provide these services instead of relying on borrowers to report directly to the Sub-Adviser. Using Bellwether to manage the reporting process also helps ensure that management reports present data in an organized manner for all portfolio investments, allowing the Sub-Adviser to have better information with which to monitor the assets in our portfolio that it manages. Such reporting would be difficult for many operating partners or borrowers to prepare on their own. Bellwether may also be retained by us as a special servicer in connection with non-performing loans and foreclosures. Oaktree, the Sub-Adviser and Bellwether may from time to time agree to expand or reduce the scope of services that Bellwether provides to us or to Other Oaktree Accounts. While neither Oaktree nor the Sub-Adviser are owners of or investors in Bellwether or are employers of Bellwether s employees, Bellwether may provide asset management services to Oaktree-managed funds and accounts on an exclusive basis or nearly on an exclusive basis. The costs, fees and expenses relating to the services provided by Bellwether are borne by the funds and accounts to which such services are provided. Any costs, fees and expenses allocated to us will be treated as an expense borne by us (whether paid by us directly, by a portfolio company or by the Sub-Adviser or Oaktree and subsequently reimbursed by us). While such costs, fees and expenses are believed by the Sub-Adviser to be reasonable and generally at market rates for the relevant services provided, the arrangement with Bellwether may result in such costs, fees and expenses not always being comparable to those charged for such services by other third parties. Oaktree and the Sub-Adviser believe the largely exclusive arrangement with Bellwether will benefit our investors by improving the quality of reporting that Oaktree receives on our investments. Our overall share of costs, fees and expenses related to Bellwether s engagement will vary based on the particular scope of services provided to us by Bellwether. 
 Moreover, services that Brookfield has historically performed in-house for Other Brookfield Accounts may for certain reasons, including efficiency considerations, be outsourced in whole or in part to third parties in the discretion of Brookfield or the Adviser in connection with our operation. Such outsourced services may include, without limitation, asset management, 
 36 

accounting, tax, compliance, trade settlement, information technology or legal services. Outsourcing may not occur uniformly for all Other Brookfield Accounts and, accordingly, certain costs may be incurred by us through the use of third-party service providers that are not incurred for comparable services used by Other Brookfield Accounts. The decision by the Adviser to initially perform particular services in-house for us will not preclude a later decision to outsource such services, or any additional services, in whole or in part to third parties. The costs, fees or expenses of any such third-party service providers will be treated expenses borne by us. 
 Certain advisors and other service providers (including, without limitation, accountants, administrators, lenders, bankers, brokers, attorneys, consultants, title agents, investment or commercial banking firms, developers or property managers and certain other advisors and agents) to us, Brookfield or certain entities in which we have an investment, or affiliates of such advisors or service providers, may also provide goods or services to or have business, personal, political, financial or other relationships with Brookfield, its affiliates, Other Brookfield Accounts or their portfolio companies. Such advisors or service providers (or their employees) may be investors in us or Other Brookfield Accounts, Brookfield or their respective affiliates, sources of investment opportunities, co-investors or commercial counterparties or entities in which Brookfield or Other Brookfield Accounts have an investment, and payments by us or such portfolio companies may indirectly benefit Brookfield or such Other Brookfield Accounts. Additionally, certain Brookfield employees may have family members or relatives employed by advisors and service providers. These service providers and their affiliates may contract or enter into any custodial, financial, banking, advising or brokerage, placement agency or other arrangement or transaction with us, the Adviser, Brookfield or any investor in us or any portfolio company in which we have made an investment. These relationships may influence the Adviser or Brookfield in deciding whether to select or recommend such a service provider to perform services for us or a portfolio company (the cost of which will generally be borne directly or indirectly by us). Advisors and service providers often charge different rates or have different arrangements for specific types of services. For example, the fee for a particular type of service may vary based on the complexity of the matter as well as the expertise required and demands placed on the service provider. Therefore, to the extent the types of services used by us are different from those used by Brookfield, Other Brookfield Accounts, their portfolio companies or their respective affiliates, any of the foregoing may pay different amounts or rates than those paid by us with respect to any particular advisor or service provider. 
 We may co-invest with Brookfield affiliates in real estate-related investments and such investments may be in different parts of the capital structure of an issuer and may otherwise involve conflicts of interest. 
 Other Brookfield Accounts hold a number of existing real estate-related investments and may in the future make further such investments. To the extent permitted by our charter and, as required, subject to approval by our board of directors, we may make investments either in those same assets or in related assets. In addition, we anticipate that we may make investments in entities or assets in which an Other Brookfield Account holds an investment in a different class of the debt or equity securities of such entities or such assets. For example, we may make investments in the equity of entities or assets in which Other Brookfield Accounts have made or will make investments in various tranches of CMBS securitizations or other debt instruments. 
 In the foregoing circumstances, to the extent we hold securities that are different (including with respect to relative seniority) than those held by such Other Brookfield Accounts, Brookfield could have conflicting loyalties between its duties to us and such other Brookfield fund. In order to mitigate any such conflicts of interest, we may recuse ourselves from participating in any decisions relating to or with respect to such securities held by such Other Brookfield Accounts (notwithstanding that if such Other Brookfield Accounts maintain voting rights with respect to the securities they hold) or, if we do not recuse ourselves Brookfield may be required to take action where it will have conflicting loyalties between its duties to us and to such Other Brookfield Accounts, which may adversely impact us. 
 Brookfield, including the Adviser, may face conflicts of interest associated with the Brookfield Investor s investments in us and the related share repurchase arrangement. 
 The Brookfield Investor was issued a combination of Class E shares of our common stock and Class E units of the Operating Partnership in connection with its contribution of certain assets to the Operating Partnership in connection with the Adviser Transition. Our board of directors, including a majority of independent directors, has adopted an arrangement to repurchase securities held by the Brookfield Investor. Because this arrangement is with an affiliate of Brookfield, the terms were not negotiated at arm s length. Brookfield may face conflicts of interest in conducting the share repurchase arrangement with the Brookfield Investor. Also, because the Brookfield Investor owns a significant amount of shares of our common stock and Operating Partnership units, the Adviser may face conflicts of interest in managing our investment activities. 
 There may be conflicts of interest related to our uncommitted line of credit with an affiliate of Brookfield. 
 We have entered into the Credit Agreement with an affiliate of Brookfield, pursuant to which we may borrow up to 125 million at an interest rate equal to the lowest then-current interest rate offered by a third-party lender to us for a similar credit product, or, if no such rate is available, SOFR plus 2.25 . There can be no assurances that we will be able to borrow under the Credit Agreement, or that the Brookfield lender will issue a loan or extend or renew the Credit Agreement. Because this Credit 
 37 

Agreement is with an affiliate of Brookfield, the terms of the agreement were not negotiated at arm s length. The Adviser may face conflicts of interest in connection with any borrowings or disputes under this Credit Agreement. 
 Our board of directors has adopted resolutions that renounce our interest or expectancy with respect to certain business opportunities and competitive activities. 
 Our board of directors has adopted resolutions that provide that none of Brookfield, Oaktree or their respective affiliates, our directors or any person our directors control are required to refrain directly or indirectly from engaging in any business opportunities, including any business opportunities in the same or similar business activities or lines of business in which we or our affiliates may from time to time be engaged or propose to engage, or from competing with us, and that renounce our interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any such business opportunities, unless those opportunities are offered to such person in his or her capacity as our director or officer and intended exclusively for us or any of our subsidiaries. 
 We may be subject to additional potential conflicts of interests with portfolio companies of Brookfield and Other Brookfield Accounts, as well as affiliates of Oaktree. 
 We may be subject to additional potential conflicts of interests with portfolio companies of Brookfield and Other Brookfield Accounts. For example, a portfolio company of an Other Brookfield Account may be a competitor, customer, service provider or supplier of one or more of our investments. There may also be circumstances where a tenant or a prospective tenant in connection with one of our investments may also be interested in or eligible to be a tenant or prospective tenant at a property owned by an Other Brookfield Account. In such circumstances, such Other Brookfield Account or portfolio company thereof may take actions that have adverse consequences for us or one of our investments, such as seeking to increase its market share at the investment s detriment, withdrawing business from the investment in favor of a competitor that offers the same product or service at a more competitive price, or increasing prices of its products in its capacity as a supplier of the investment or commencing litigation against the investment. In addition, in such circumstances, the Adviser may not pursue certain such actions on our behalf, which could result in a benefit to an Other Brookfield Account or to our company. Brookfield has implemented policies and procedures designed to mitigate such potential conflicts of interest. Such policies and procedures could reduce the business activity among the portfolio companies of Other Brookfield Accounts, which could negatively affect one or more of our investments and, therefore, us as a whole. An Other Brookfield Account or portfolio company thereof may nonetheless continue to take such actions that have adverse consequences for us or our investments, and Brookfield will not have any obligation or duty in this regard. 
 In addition, Oaktree and its affiliates currently manage and may in the future manage Other Oaktree Accounts. We may be subject to additional potential conflicts of interests with portfolio companies of Oaktree and Other Oaktree Accounts. 
 We are a party to the Option Investments Purchase Agreement with Oaktree. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Adviser Transition Agreement, we entered into the Option Investments Purchase Agreement with Oaktree, pursuant to which Oaktree will have the right to purchase the Operating Partnership s entire interest in all of the Equity Option Investments or the Debt Option Investments, or both, for a period of 12 months following the earlier of (i) 18 months after the date upon which the Adviser Transition is completed and (ii) the date on which we notify Oaktree that we have issued in the aggregate 1 billion of our common stock to non-affiliates after the date the Adviser Transition is completed (such 12-month period, the Option Period at price equal to the fair value of the applicable Option Investments, as determined in connection with our most recently determined NAV immediately prior to the closing of such purchase. Because this Option Investments Purchase Agreement is with Oaktree, an affiliate of Brookfield, the terms of the agreement were not negotiated at arm s length. In addition, because of the Option Investments Purchase Agreement, we would be precluded from selling the Equity Option Investments or the Debt Option Investments to a third party, prior to the expiration of the Option Period, without the consent of Oaktree, even if our Adviser determines that it would be in our best interest to dispose of one or more of the Oaktree Option Investments in order to rebalance our portfolio or for liquidity needs to fund share repurchases. In addition, the purchase price payable by Oaktree for the Oaktree Option Investments pursuant to the Option Investments Purchase Agreement is fixed at the current appraised value as of the date of sale, which would preclude us from realizing any premium to appraised value that a third party may be willing to pay during the Option Period. 

38 

Risks Related to our REIT Status and Certain Other Tax Items 
 If we do not maintain our qualification as a REIT, we will face serious tax consequences that could substantially reduce the funds available to satisfy our obligations, to implement our business strategy and to make distributions to our stockholders for each of the years involved. 
 We expect to continue to operate so as to qualify as a REIT under the Code. However, qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which only a limited number of judicial or administrative interpretations exist. Notwithstanding the availability of cure provisions in the Code, various compliance requirements could be failed and could jeopardize our REIT status. Furthermore, new tax legislation, administrative guidance or court decisions, in each instance potentially with retroactive effect, could make it more difficult or impossible for us to qualify as a REIT. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any tax year, then: 
 we would be taxed as a regular domestic corporation, which under current laws, among other things, means being unable to deduct distributions to stockholders in computing taxable income and being subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate income tax rates; 
 any resulting tax liability could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our book value; 
 unless we were entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, we would be required to pay taxes, and thus, our cash available for distribution to stockholders would be reduced for each of the years during which we did not qualify as a REIT and for which we had taxable income; and 
 we generally would not be eligible to requalify as a REIT for the subsequent four full taxable years. 
 To maintain our REIT status, we may have to borrow funds on a short-term basis during unfavorable market conditions. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we generally must distribute annually to our stockholders a minimum of 90 of our net taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding net capital gain. We will be subject to regular corporate income taxes on any undistributed REIT taxable income each year, including any undistributed capital gain. Additionally, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on any amount by which distributions paid by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 of our capital gain net income and 100 of our undistributed income from previous years. Payments we make to our stockholders under our share repurchase plan will not be taken into account for purposes of these distribution requirements. If we do not have sufficient cash to make distributions necessary to preserve our REIT status for any year or to avoid taxation, we may be forced to borrow funds or sell assets even if the market conditions at that time are not favorable for these borrowings or sales. These options could increase our cost and our leverage and reduce the value of our investments. 
 Compliance with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities, which may hinder or delay our ability to meet our investment objectives and reduce our overall return. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we are required at all times to satisfy tests relating to, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the ownership of our stock and the amounts we distribute to our stockholders. Compliance with the REIT requirements may impair our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits. For example, we may be required to make distributions to stockholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution. 
 Compliance with REIT requirements may force us to liquidate or restructure otherwise attractive investments. 
 To qualify as a REIT, at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our assets must consist of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified real estate assets. The remainder of our investments in securities (other than qualified real estate assets and government securities) generally cannot include more than 10 of the voting securities (other than securities that qualify for the straight debt safe harbor) of any one issuer or more than 10 of the value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer unless we and such issuer jointly elect for such issuer to be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary under the Code. Debt will generally meet the straight debt safe harbor if the debt is a written unconditional promise to pay on demand or on a specified date a certain sum of money, the debt is not convertible, directly or indirectly, into stock, and the interest rate and the interest payment dates of the debt are not contingent on profits, the borrower s discretion, or similar factors. 
 Additionally, no more than 5 of the value of our assets (other than government securities and qualified real estate assets) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 20 of the value of our assets may be represented by securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we must dispose of a portion of our assets within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter in order to avoid losing our REIT status and suffering adverse tax consequences. In order to satisfy these requirements, we may be forced to liquidate assets from our portfolio or not make otherwise attractive investments. 
 
 39 

Our charter does not permit any person or group to own more than 9.9 of our outstanding common stock or of our outstanding stock of all classes or series, and attempts to acquire our common stock or our stock of all other classes or series in excess of these 9.9 limits would not be effective without an exemption from these limits by our board of directors. 
 For us to qualify as a REIT under the Code, not more than 50 of the value of our outstanding stock may be owned directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (including certain entities treated as individuals for this purpose) during the last half of a taxable year. For the purpose of assisting our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, among other purposes, our charter prohibits beneficial or constructive ownership by any person or group of more than 9.9 , in value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our common stock or 9.9 , in value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of all classes or series of our stock, which we refer to as the ownership limit. The constructive ownership rules under the Code and our charter are complex and may cause shares of the outstanding common stock owned by a group of related persons to be deemed to be constructively owned by one person. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.9 of our outstanding common stock or our capital stock by a person could cause another person to own constructively in excess of 9.9 of our outstanding common stock or our capital stock, respectively, and thus violate the ownership limit. There can be no assurance that our board of directors, as permitted in the charter, will not decrease this ownership limit in the future. Any attempt to own or transfer shares of our common stock or capital stock in excess of the ownership limit without the consent of our board of directors will result either in the shares in excess of the limit being transferred by operation of the charter to a charitable trust, and the person who attempted to acquire such excess shares will not have any rights in such excess shares, or in the transfer being void. 
 The ownership limit may have the effect of precluding a change in control of us by a third party, even if such change in control would be in the best interests of our stockholders or would result in receipt of a premium to the NAV of our common stock (and even if such change in control would not reasonably jeopardize our REIT status). The exemptions to the ownership limit granted to date may limit our board of directors power to increase the ownership limit or grant further exemptions in the future. 
 Non-U.S. holders may be required to file U.S. federal income tax returns and pay U.S. federal income tax upon their receipt of certain distributions from us or upon their disposition of shares of our common stock. 
 In addition to any potential withholding tax on ordinary dividends, a non-U.S. holder, other than a qualified shareholder or a qualified foreign pension fund, that disposes of a U.S. real property interest USRPI (which includes shares of stock of a U.S. corporation whose assets consist principally of USRPIs), or that receives a distribution from a REIT that is attributable to gains from such a disposition, is generally subject to U.S. federal income tax under the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act of 1980, as amended FIRPTA ), on the amount received from (or, in the case of a distribution, to the extent attributable to gains from) such disposition. Subject to certain exceptions, FIRPTA gains must be reported on U.S. federal income tax returns and are taxable at regular U.S. federal income tax rates. Such tax does not apply, however, to gain on the distribution of stock in a REIT that is domestically controlled. Generally, a REIT is domestically controlled if less than 50 of its stock, by value, has been owned directly or indirectly by non-U.S. persons during a continuous five-year period ending on the date of disposition or, if shorter, during the entire time period of the REIT s existence. We cannot assure you that we will qualify as a domestically controlled REIT. If we fail to so qualify, amounts received by a non-U.S. holder on certain dispositions of shares of our common stock (including repurchases) would be subject to tax under FIRPTA, unless (1) our shares of common stock were regularly traded on an established securities market and (2) the non-U.S. holder did not, at any time during a specified testing period, hold more than 10 of our common stock. We do not expect our shares to be regularly traded on an established securities market. Proposed Treasury regulations issued on December 29, 2022 (the Proposed Regulations would modify the existing Treasury regulations relating to the determination of whether we are a domestically controlled REIT by providing a look through rule for our stockholders that are non-publicly traded partnerships, REITs, regulated investment companies or domestic C corporations owned 25 or more directly or indirectly by foreign persons foreign owned domestic corporations and by treating qualified foreign pension funds as foreign persons for this purpose. Although the Proposed Regulations are intended to be effective a year after they are finalized, the preamble to the Proposed Regulations state that the IRS may challenge contrary positions that are taken before the Proposed Regulations are finalized. Moreover, the Proposed Regulations as currently drafted would apply to determine whether a REIT was domestically controlled for the entire five-year testing period prior to any disposition of our common stock, rather than applying only to the portion of the testing period beginning after the Proposed Regulations are finalized. The Proposed Regulations relating to foreign owned domestic corporations is inconsistent with prior tax guidance. We cannot predict if or when or in what form the Proposed Regulations will be finalized or what our composition of investors that are treated as domestic under these final regulations will be at the time of enactment. 
 Even if we are domestically controlled, a non-U.S. holder, other than a qualified shareholder or a qualified foreign pension fund, that receives a distribution from us that is attributable to gains from the disposition of a USRPI as described above, including in connection with a repurchase of our common stock, is generally subject to U.S. federal income tax under FIRPTA to the extent such distribution is attributable to gains from such disposition, regardless of whether the difference between the fair market value and the tax basis of the USRPI giving rise to such gains is attributable to periods prior to or during such non- 
 40 

U.S. holder s ownership of our common stock, unless the relevant class of stock is regularly traded on an established securities market in the United States and such non-U.S. holder did not own more than 10 of such class at any time during the one-year period ending on the date of such distribution. In addition, a repurchase of our common stock, to the extent not treated as a sale or exchange, may be subject to withholding as an ordinary dividend. 
 We may incur tax liabilities that would reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Even if we qualify and maintain our status as a REIT, we may become subject to U.S. federal income taxes and related state, local and foreign taxes. For example, net income from the sale of properties that are dealer properties (properties held for sale in the ordinary course of a trade or business and not for investment) sold by a REIT (a prohibited transaction under the Code) will be subject to a 100 tax. We may not make sufficient distributions to avoid excise taxes applicable to REITs. Similarly, if we were to fail an income test (and did not lose our REIT status because such failure was due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect) we would be subject to tax on the income that does not meet the income test requirements. We also may decide to retain net capital gain we earn from the sale or other disposition of our investments and pay income tax directly on such income. In that event, we may elect to cause our stockholders to be treated as if they earned that income and paid the tax on it directly. However, stockholders that are tax-exempt, such as charities or qualified pension plans, would have no benefit from their deemed payment of such tax liability unless they file U.S. federal income tax returns and thereon seek a refund of such tax. We also may be subject to state and local taxes on our income or property, including franchise, payroll, mortgage recording and transfer taxes, either directly or at the level of the other companies through which we indirectly own our assets, such as our taxable REIT subsidiaries, which are subject to full U.S. federal, state, local and foreign corporate-level income taxes. Any taxes we pay directly or indirectly will reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Our board of directors is authorized to revoke our REIT election without stockholder approval, which may cause adverse consequences to our stockholders. 
 Our charter authorizes our board of directors to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that changes to U.S. federal income tax laws and regulations or other considerations mean it is no longer in our best interests to qualify as a REIT. Our board of directors has fiduciary duties to us and our stockholders and could only cause such changes in our tax treatment if it determines in good faith that such changes are in our best interests and in the best interests of our stockholders. In this event, we would become subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income and we would no longer be required to distribute most of our net taxable income to our stockholders, which may cause a reduction in the total return to our stockholders. 
 Stockholders may have current tax liability on distributions they elect to reinvest in our common stock. 
 Stockholders that participate in our distribution reinvestment plan will be deemed to have received, and for U.S. federal income tax purposes will be taxed on, the amount reinvested in shares of our common stock to the extent the amount reinvested was not a tax-free return of capital. Therefore, unless such stockholders are a tax-exempt entity, they may be forced to use funds from other sources to pay such Stockholders tax liability on the reinvested dividends. 
 Generally, ordinary dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for reduced U.S. federal income tax rates. 
 Currently, the maximum tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income payable to certain non-corporate U.S. stockholders is 20 (excluding the 3.8 Medicare tax). Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the reduced rates. Although this does not adversely affect the taxation of REITs or dividends payable by REITs, the more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause certain non-corporate investors to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including our common stock. However, under current law, through 2025, individual taxpayers may be entitled to claim a deduction in determining their taxable income of 20 of ordinary REIT dividends (i.e. dividends other than capital gain dividends and qualified dividend income), which temporarily reduces the effective tax rate on such dividends. 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes. 
 At any time, the tax laws or regulations governing REITs or the administrative interpretations of those laws or regulations may be amended. Although REITs generally receive certain tax advantages compared to entities taxed as regular corporations, it is possible that future legislation would result in a REIT having fewer tax advantages, and it could become more advantageous for a company that invests in real estate to elect to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a corporation. Our charter authorizes our board of directors to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interests to qualify as a REIT. We cannot predict when or if any new law, regulation or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing law, regulation or administrative interpretation, will be adopted, promulgated or become effective and any such law, regulation or interpretation may take effect retroactively. We and our stockholders could be adversely affected by any such change in, or any new, tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation. 
 41 

Additional changes to tax laws are likely to occur and we cannot assure you that any such changes will not adversely affect the taxation of our stockholders. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on an investment in our shares or on the market value or the resale potential of our assets. Stockholders are urged to consult with their tax advisors with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our shares. 
 The failure of a mezzanine loan to qualify as a real estate asset could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 We may acquire mezzanine loans, for which the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the IRS as provided a safe harbor but not rules of substantive law. Pursuant to the safe harbor, if a mezzanine loan meets certain requirements, it will be treated by the IRS as a real estate asset for purposes of the REIT asset tests, and interest derived from the mezzanine loan will be treated as qualifying mortgage interest for purposes of the REIT 75 income test. We may acquire mezzanine loans that do not meet all of the requirements of this safe harbor. In the event we own a mezzanine loan that does not meet the safe harbor, the IRS could challenge such loan s treatment as a real estate asset for purposes of the REIT asset and income tests and, if such a challenge were sustained, we could fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 Investments outside the United States may subject us to additional taxes and could present additional complications to our ability to satisfy the REIT qualification requirements. 
 Non-U.S. investments may subject us to various non-U.S. tax liabilities, including withholding taxes. In addition, operating in functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar and in environments in which real estate transactions are typically structured differently than they are in the United States or are subject to different legal rules may present complications to our ability to structure non-U.S. investments in a manner that enables us to satisfy the REIT qualification requirements. Even if we maintain our status as a REIT, entities through which we hold investments in assets located outside the United States may be subject to income taxation by jurisdictions in which such assets are located or in which our subsidiaries that hold interests in such assets are located. Any such taxes could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition, and our cash available for distribution to our stockholders will be reduced by any such non-U.S. income taxes. 
 If the Operating Partnership failed to qualify as a partnership or is not otherwise disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would cease to qualify as a REIT. 
 If the IRS were to successfully challenge the status of the Operating Partnership as a partnership or disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, it would be taxable as a corporation. In the event that this occurs, it would reduce the amount of distributions that the Operating Partnership could make to us. This would also result in our failing to qualify as a REIT and becoming subject to a corporate-level tax on our income, which would substantially reduce our cash available to pay distributions and the yield on shares of our common stock. 
 Restrictions on the deduction of all of our interest expense could prevent us from satisfying the REIT distribution requirements and avoiding the incurrence of income or excise taxes. 
 Rules enacted as part of the JOBS Act may limit our ability (and the ability of entities that are not treated as disregarded entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes and in which we hold an interest) to deduct interest expense. Under amended Section 163(j) of the Code, the deduction for business interest expense may be limited to the amount of the taxpayer s business interest income plus 30 of the taxpayer s adjusted taxable income unless the taxpayer s gross receipts do not exceed 25 million per year during the applicable testing period or the taxpayer qualifies to elect and elects to be treated as an electing real property trade or business. 
 A taxpayer s adjusted taxable income starts with its taxable income and adds back items of non-business income and expense, business interest income and business interest expense, net operating losses and any deductions for qualified business income. A taxpayer that is exempt from the interest expense limitations as an electing real property trade or business is ineligible for certain expensing benefits and is subject to less favorable depreciation rules for real property. The rules for business interest expense apply to us and at the level of each entity in which or through which we invest that is not a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. To the extent that our interest expense is not deductible, our taxable income will be increased, as will our REIT distribution requirements and the amounts we need to distribute to avoid incurring income and excise taxes. 
 Our taxable REIT subsidiaries are subject to special rules that may result in increased taxes. 
 We may conduct certain activities or invest in assets through one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. A taxable REIT subsidiary is a corporation other than a REIT in which a REIT directly or indirectly holds stock and that has made a joint election with such REIT to be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary. Other than some activities relating to management of hotel and healthcare properties, a taxable REIT subsidiary may generally engage in any business, including the provision of customary or non-customary services to tenants of its parent REIT. A domestic taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to U.S. federal income tax as a regular C corporation. 
 No more than 20 of the value of a REIT s total assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. This requirement limits the extent to which we can conduct our activities through taxable REIT subsidiaries. The 
 42 

values of some of our assets, including assets that we hold through taxable REIT subsidiaries, may not be subject to precise determination, and values are subject to change in the future. In addition, as a REIT, we must pay a 100 penalty tax on IRS adjustments to certain payments that we make or receive if the economic arrangements between us and any of our taxable REIT subsidiaries are not comparable to similar arrangements between unrelated parties. We intend to structure transactions with any taxable REIT subsidiary on terms that we believe are arm s length to avoid incurring the 100 excise tax described above. However, the IRS may successfully assert that the economic arrangements of any of our intercompany transactions are not comparable to similar arrangements between unrelated parties. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively and may cause us to incur tax liabilities. 
 The REIT provisions of the Code may limit our ability to hedge our assets and operations. Under these provisions, any income that we generate from hedging transactions will be excluded from gross income for purposes of the 75 and 95 REIT gross income tests if: (i) the instrument (A) hedges interest rate risk or foreign currency exposure on liabilities used to carry or acquire real estate assets, (B) hedges risk of currency fluctuations with respect to any item of income or gain that would be qualifying income under the 75 or 95 gross income tests or (C) hedges a position entered into pursuant to clause (A) or (B) after the extinguishment of such liability or disposition of the asset producing such income; and (ii) such instrument is properly identified under applicable Treasury Regulations. Income from hedging transactions that do not meet these requirements will generally constitute non-qualifying income for purposes of both the 75 and 95 gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we may have to limit our use of hedging techniques that might otherwise be advantageous or implement those hedges through a taxable REIT subsidiary. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities because our taxable REIT subsidiary would be subject to tax on gains or expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates than we would otherwise want to bear. In addition, losses in our taxable REIT subsidiary will generally not provide any tax benefit, except for being carried forward against future taxable income in the taxable REIT subsidiary. 
 We may choose to pay dividends in a combination of cash and our own common stock, in which case stockholders may be required to pay income taxes in excess of the cash dividends they receive. 
 Under IRS Revenue Procedure 2017-45, as a publicly offered REIT, we may give stockholders a choice, subject to various limits and requirements, of receiving a dividend in cash or in our common stock. As long as at least 20 of the total dividend is available in cash and certain other requirements are satisfied, the IRS will treat the stock distribution as a dividend (to the extent applicable rules treat such distribution as being made out of our earnings and profits). As a result, U.S. stockholders may be required to pay income taxes with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash dividends they receive. In the case of non-U.S. stockholders, we generally will be required to withhold tax with respect to the entire dividend, which withholding tax may exceed the amount of cash such non-U.S. stockholder would otherwise receive. 
 The taxable mortgage pool rules may increase the taxes that we or our stockholders may incur, and may limit the manner in which we effect future securitizations. 
 Securitizations could result in the creation of taxable mortgage pools for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a REIT, so long as we own 100 of the equity interests in a taxable mortgage pool, we generally would not be adversely affected by the characterization of the securitization as a taxable mortgage pool. Certain categories of stockholders, however, such as foreign stockholders eligible for treaty or other benefits, stockholders with net operating losses, and certain tax-exempt stockholders that are subject to unrelated business income tax, could be subject to increased taxes on a portion of their dividend income from us that is attributable to the taxable mortgage pool. Because we hold substantially all of our assets through the Operating Partnership, which is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the foregoing rules would not apply if the Operating Partnership was, or owned equity interests in, a taxable mortgage pool. Any such taxable mortgage pool would be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and could prevent us from qualifying as a REIT. 
 If the leases of our properties are not respected as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must annually satisfy two gross income tests, under which specified percentages of our gross income must be derived from certain sources, such as rents from real property. In order for rents paid to the Operating Partnership pursuant to leases of our properties to qualify as rents from real property for purposes of the gross income tests, the leases must be respected as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes and not be treated as service contracts, financing arrangements, joint ventures or some other type of arrangement. If our leases are not respected as true leases for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 Sales of our properties at gains are potentially subject to the prohibited transaction tax, which could reduce the return on a stockholder s investment. 
 Our ability to dispose of property is restricted as a result of our REIT status. Under applicable provisions of the Code regarding prohibited transactions by REITs, we will be subject to a 100 tax on any gain realized on the sale or other disposition of any property (other than foreclosure property) we own, directly or through a subsidiary entity, including the Operating Partnership, 
 43 

but excluding our taxable REIT subsidiaries, that is deemed to be inventory or property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of trade or business unless a safe harbor applies under the Code. Whether property is inventory or otherwise held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business depends on the particular facts and circumstances surrounding each property. We intend to avoid the 100 prohibited transaction tax by (1) conducting activities that may otherwise be considered prohibited transactions through a taxable REIT subsidiary, (2) conducting our operations in such a manner so that no sale or other disposition of an asset we own, directly or through any subsidiary other than a taxable REIT subsidiary, will be treated as a prohibited transaction, or (3) structuring certain dispositions of our properties to comply with certain safe harbors available under the Code. However, no assurance can be given that any particular property will not be treated as inventory or property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business or that a safe harbor will apply. 
 Recharacterization of sale-leaseback transactions may cause us to lose our REIT status. 
 We may purchase real properties and lease them back to the sellers of such properties. We cannot guarantee that the IRS will not challenge our characterization of any sale-leaseback transactions. In the event that any such sale- leaseback transaction is challenged and recharacterized as a financing transaction or loan for federal income tax purposes, deductions for depreciation and cost recovery relating to such property would be disallowed. If a sale- leaseback transaction were so recharacterized, we might fail to satisfy the REIT qualification asset tests or the gross income tests and, consequently, lose our REIT status. Alternatively, the amount of our REIT taxable income could be recalculated which might also cause us to fail to meet the distribution requirements for a taxable year. 
 
 Retirement Plan Risks 
 
 If the fiduciary of an employee benefit plan subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, ERISA ), fails to meet the fiduciary and other standards under ERISA, the Code or common law as a result of an investment in our stock, the fiduciary could be subject to civil penalties. 
 There are special considerations that apply to investing in our shares on behalf of a trust, pension, profit sharing or 401(k) plans, health or welfare plans, trusts, individual retirement accounts IRAs ), or Keogh plans. If an investor is investing the assets of any of the entities identified in the prior sentence in our common stock, investors should satisfy themselves that: 
 the investment is consistent with their fiduciary obligations under applicable law, including common law, ERISA and the Code; 
 the investment is made in accordance with the documents and instruments governing the trust, plan or IRA, including a plan s investment policy; 
 the investment satisfies the prudence and diversification requirements of Sections 404(a)(1)(B) and 404(a)(1)(C) of ERISA and other applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code; 
 the investment will not impair the liquidity of the trust, plan or IRA; 
 the investment will not produce unrelated business taxable income for the plan or IRA; 
 our stockholders will be able to value the assets of the plan annually in accordance with ERISA requirements and applicable provisions of the plan or IRA; and 
 the investment will not constitute a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
 Failure to satisfy the fiduciary standards of conduct and other applicable requirements of ERISA, the Code, or other applicable statutory or common law may result in the imposition of civil penalties, and can subject the fiduciary to equitable remedies. In addition, if an investment in our shares constitutes a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, the fiduciary that authorized or directed the investment may be subject to the imposition of excise taxes with respect to the amount invested. 
 If our assets at any time are deemed to constitute plan assets under ERISA, that may lead to the rescission of certain transactions, tax or fiduciary liability and our being held in violation of certain ERISA and Code requirements. 
 If our assets are deemed to constitute plan assets of stockholders that are ERISA Plans (as defined below) (a) certain transactions that we might enter into in the ordinary course of our business might have to be rescinded and may give rise to certain excise taxes and fiduciary liability under Title I of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code; (b) our management, as well as various providers of fiduciary or other services to us (including the Adviser), and any other parties with authority or control with respect to us or our assets, may be considered fiduciaries or otherwise parties in interest or disqualified persons for 
 44 

purposes of the fiduciary responsibility and prohibited transaction provisions of Title I of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code; and (c) the fiduciaries of stockholders that are ERISA Plans would not be protected from co-fiduciary liability resulting from our decisions and could be in violation of certain ERISA requirements. 
 Accordingly, investors that are (a) employee benefit plans (within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA), which are subject to Title I of ERISA; (b) plans defined in Section 4975 of the Code, which are subject to Section 4975 of the Code (including Keogh plans and IRAs); or (c) entities whose underlying assets are deemed to include plan assets within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder (e.g., an entity of which 25 or more of the total value of any class of equity interests is held by benefit plan investors (each such plan, account and entity described in clauses (a), (b) and (c) we refer to as ERISA Plans should consult with their own legal, tax, financial and other advisors to review these implications in light of such investor s particular circumstances. The sale of our common stock to any ERISA Plan is in no respect a representation by us or any other person associated with the offering of our shares of common stock that such an investment meets all relevant legal requirements with respect to investments by plans generally or any particular plan, or that such an investment is appropriate for plans generally or any particular plan. 
 45 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 For an overview of our real estate investments, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 250 Vesey Street, 15th Floor New York, NY 10281. We consider these facilities to be suitable for the management of our business. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2022, we were not involved in any material legal proceedings. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 46 

PART II. 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Offering of Common Stock 
 The Offering consists of four classes of shares of our common stock, Class S shares, Class T shares, Class D shares, and Class I shares. The share classes have different upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees, and different ongoing stockholder servicing fees. Other than the differences in upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees, and ongoing stockholder servicing fees, each class of common stock has the same economics and voting rights. Shares of our common stock are not listed for trading on a stock exchange or other securities market, and there is no established public trading market for our common stock. As of March 16, 2023, there were 2,750 holders of record of our Class S common stock, 378 holders of record of our Class I common stock, and 23 holders of record of our Class D common stock. As of March 16, 2023, we have not sold any Class T shares. Class C and Class E shares are not offered or sold in the Offering. These figures do not include the number of stockholders that hold shares in street name through banks or broker-dealers. The following table details the selling commissions, dealer manager fees, and stockholder servicing fees for each applicable share class being offered and sold in the Offering as of December 31, 2022: 
 Class S Shares Class T Shares Class D Shares Class I Shares Selling commissions and dealer manager fees of transaction price) up to 3.5 up to 3.5 up to 0.5 Stockholder servicing fee of NAV) 0.85 0.85 0.25 
 For Class S shares sold in the Offering, investors will pay upfront selling commissions of up to 3.5 of the transaction price. For Class T shares sold in the Offering, investors will pay upfront selling commissions of up to 3.0 of the transaction price and upfront dealer manager fees of 0.5 of the transaction price, however such amounts may vary at certain participating broker-dealers, provided that the sum will not exceed 3.5 of the transaction price. For Class D shares sold in the Offering, investors will pay upfront selling commissions of up to 0.5 of the transaction price. There are no upfront selling commissions or dealer manager fees with respect to Class I shares. 
 The Dealer Manager, a registered broker-dealer affiliated with the Adviser, serves as the dealer manager for the Offering and is entitled to receive stockholder servicing fees of 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV for Class S shares and Class T shares. For Class T shares such stockholder servicing fee includes an advisor stockholder servicing fee of 0.65 per annum, and a dealer stockholder servicing fee of 0.20 per annum, of the aggregate NAV for the Class T shares, however, with respect to Class T shares sold through certain participating broker-dealers, the advisor stockholder servicing fee and the dealer stockholder servicing fee may be other amounts, provided that the sum of such fees will always equal 0.85 per annum of the NAV of such shares. For Class D shares, the Dealer Manager is entitled to a stockholder servicing fee equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class D shares. There is no stockholder servicing fee with respect to Class I shares. 
 We will cease paying the stockholder servicing fee with respect to any Class S share, Class T share or Class D share held in a stockholder s account at the end of the month in which the Dealer Manager in conjunction with the transfer agent determines that total upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees paid with respect to the shares held by such stockholder within such account would exceed, in the aggregate, 8.75 (or, in the case of Class T shares sold through certain participating broker-dealers, a lower limit as set forth in the applicable dealer agreement between the Dealer Manager and a participating broker-dealer at the time such shares were issued) of the gross proceeds from the sale of such shares (including the gross proceeds of any shares issued under our distribution reinvestment plan with respect thereto). At the end of such month, such Class S share, Class T share or Class D share (and any shares issued under our distribution reinvestment plan with respect thereto) held in such stockholder s account will convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares) with an equivalent aggregate NAV as such shares. 
 The Dealer Manager anticipates that substantially all of the upfront selling commissions, dealer manager and stockholder servicing fees will be retained by, or reallowed (paid) to, participating broker-dealers. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Dealer Manager retained approximately 400 of upfront selling commissions, dealer manager or stockholder servicing fees. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the costs of raising equity capital, which represent all upfront selling commissions, upfront dealer manager fees, stockholder servicing fees and organization and offering costs, was approximately 3.4 of the gross amount of equity capital raised, inclusive of equity capital raised from private offerings. 
 The purchase price per share for each class of our common stock will generally equal our prior month s NAV per share, as determined monthly, plus applicable selling commissions and dealer manager fees. Our NAV for each class of shares is based on the net asset values of our investments (including real estate related debt and securities), the addition of any other assets 
 47 

(such as cash on hand) and the deduction of any liabilities, including the accrual of any performance fees, and any stockholder servicing fees applicable to such class of shares. Please refer to Net Asset Value Calculation and Valuation Guidelines in the prospectus for the Offering for further details on how our NAV is determined. 
 The following table presents our monthly NAV per share for each of the six classes of shares from January 31, 2021 through December 31, 2022: 
 Class S Shares Class I Shares Class C Shares Class E Shares Class T Shares Class D Shares January 31, 2021 10.5020 10.6220 February 28, 2021 10.5287 10.6480 March 31, 2021 10.6138 10.7307 10.7093 April 30, 2021 10.6751 10.7861 10.7230 May 31, 2021 10.7562 10.8583 10.8046 June 30, 2021 10.8558 10.9475 10.8933 July 31, 2021 10.9087 10.9868 10.9288 August 31, 2021 11.1222 11.2011 11.1424 September 30, 2021 11.8772 11.9684 11.9007 October 31, 2021 11.8843 11.9793 11.8990 November 30, 2021 12.2120 12.3099 12.2272 12.3577 December 31, 2021 12.4506 12.4858 12.4285 12.5880 January 31, 2022 12.5735 12.6154 12.5240 12.7185 February 28, 2022 12.9453 12.9919 12.8738 13.1675 March 31, 2022 13.0702 13.1344 12.9693 13.3421 April 30, 2022 13.6326 13.6925 13.5045 14.0147 May 31, 2022 13.7789 13.8601 13.5772 14.2549 June 30, 2022 13.7215 13.8110 13.5231 14.1412 13.7139 July 31, 2022 13.8200 13.9101 13.6245 14.2684 13.8117 August 31, 2022 13.8555 13.9499 13.6556 14.3219 13.7712 September 30, 2022 13.8660 13.9594 13.6629 14.3442 13.8145 October 31, 2022 13.8702 13.9636 13.6667 14.3613 13.8034 November 30, 2022 13.5418 13.6332 13.3424 13.9833 13.4806 December 31, 2022 13.2712 13.3602 13.0716 13.6732 13.2204 
 48 

Net Asset Value 
 Our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, has adopted valuation guidelines that contain a comprehensive set of methodologies to be used by the Adviser and our independent valuation advisor in connection with estimating the values of our assets and liabilities for purposes of our NAV calculation. The calculation of our NAV is intended to be a calculation of the fair value of our assets less our outstanding liabilities as described below and will likely differ from the book value of our equity reflected in our financial statements. As a public company, we are required to issue financial statements based on historical cost in accordance with GAAP, which are subject to an annual independent audit. 
 To calculate our NAV for the purpose of establishing a purchase and repurchase price for our shares, we have adopted a model that adjusts the value of our assets and liabilities from historical cost to fair value generally in accordance with the GAAP principles set forth in Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures. However, our valuation procedures and our NAV are not subject to independent audit. Because the fair value calculations of our real estate properties involve significant professional judgment in the application of both observable and unobservable inputs, the calculated fair value of our assets may differ from their actual realizable value or future fair value. While we believe our NAV calculation methodologies are consistent with standard industry practices, there is no rule or regulation that requires we calculate NAV in a certain way. As a result, other public REITs may use different methodologies or assumptions to determine NAV. In addition, NAV is not a measure used under GAAP and the valuations of and certain adjustments made to our assets and liabilities used in the determination of NAV will differ from GAAP. 
 With the approval of our board of directors, including a majority of the independent directors, we have engaged Altus Group U.S. Inc. to serve as our independent valuation advisor. At the end of each month, our independent valuation advisor prepares appraisals for each of our properties other than those for which we obtained third-party annual appraisals for such month, and reviews annual appraisals for each of our properties for which an appraisal was obtained from an independent third-party appraisal firm. While our independent valuation advisor performs an important role with respect to our property valuations, our independent valuation advisor is not responsible for, and does not calculate, our NAV. The Adviser is ultimately responsible for the determination of our NAV. 
 The following valuation methods are used for purposes of calculating our NAV: 
 Investments in Real Estate : Our independent valuation advisor and independent third-party appraisal firms value our properties using the discounted cash flow methodology (income approach) as the primary methodology, whereby a property s value is calculated by discounting the estimated cash flows and the anticipated terminal value of the subject property by the assumed market supported discount and terminal capitalization rate. Consistent with industry practices, the income approach also incorporates subjective judgments regarding comparable rental and operating expense data, capitalization and discount rates, and projections of future rent and expenses based on appropriate market evidence as well as the residual value of the asset as components in determining value. The valuations of our properties also incorporate historical operating revenues and expenses of the properties, lease agreements on the properties, budgeted revenues and expenses of the properties, information regarding recent or planned capital expenditures and any other information relevant to valuing the real estate property. 
 For the purposes of calculating our monthly NAV, our properties initially will be valued at cost, which we expect to represent fair value at that time. Each property, other than single-family rental properties, will then be appraised by an independent third-party appraisal firm after acquisition and no less than annually thereafter. Each month thereafter our independent valuation advisor will prepare an update appraisal of our properties that are not being appraised by an independent third-party appraisal firm. Our single-family rental properties are valued by our independent valuation advisor each month. Our non-U.S. property is generally valued in accordance with the same valuation methods, but is valued by an independent third-party appraisal firm every month. 
 Investments in Real Estate-Related Loans and Securities : Our real estate-related securities are valued monthly using market quotations from third-party pricing vendors, and our real estate-related debt investments are valued monthly using valuations prepared by independent third-party valuation providers. Market quotations may be obtained from third-party pricing service providers or broker-dealers. If market quotations are not readily available (or are otherwise not a reliable indication of fair value for a particular investment), the fair value will be determined in good faith by the Sub-Adviser. 
 Certain real estate-related debt investments, such as private real estate loans, are unlikely to have market quotations. Such investments are valued monthly by a third-party valuation provider using generally accepted valuation methodologies to value such investments. Generally, the third-party valuation provider s analysis will consider the underlying collateral real estate, the investment s yield, and the current market yield. Market yield is estimated based on a variety of inputs regarding the collateral asset s performance, local/macro real estate performance, and capital market conditions. 
 49 

Liabilities : We include the fair value of our liabilities as part of our NAV calculation. These liabilities include the fees payable to the Adviser (including any accrued performance fees) and the Dealer Manager, accounts payable, accrued operating expenses, property-level mortgages, portfolio-level credit facilities and other liabilities. Other than our debt obligations, we include the cost basis of our liabilities as part of NAV, which approximates fair value due to the liquid and short-term nature of the liabilities. For NAV, our debt obligations are valued by an independent third-party valuation provider using the discounted cash flow method. 
 In accordance with the valuation guidelines, our fund administrator calculates our NAV per share for each class as of the last calendar day of each month, using a process that reflects several components (each as described above), including the estimated fair value of (1) each of our properties, (2) our real estate-related debt investments and real estate-related securities, (3) our other real estate-related investments, if any, and (4) our other assets and liabilities. Because stockholder servicing fees allocable to a specific class of shares will only be included in the NAV calculation for that class, and the management and performance fees allocable to Class E shares will differ from the management and performance fees allocable to the other share classes, the NAV per share for our share classes may differ. Operating Partnership units are valued in the same fashion. Each class of Operating Partnership units is economically equivalent to our corresponding class of shares. 
 At the end of each month, before taking into consideration repurchases or class-specific expense accruals for that month, any change in our aggregate NAV (whether an increase or decrease) is allocated among each class of shares based on each class s relative percentage of the previous aggregate NAV plus issuances of shares that were effective on the first calendar day of such month. Changes in our monthly NAV will include, without limitation, accruals of our net portfolio income, interest expense, the management fee, any accrued performance fee, distributions, unrealized/realized gains and losses on assets, any applicable organization and offering costs and any expense reimbursements. 
 Our total NAV presented in the following tables includes the NAV of our Class S, Class I, Class T, Class D, Class C and Class E shares of common stock, as well as partnership interests in the Operating Partnership held by parties other than us. The following table provides a breakdown of the major components of our NAV as of December 31, 2022 and shares/units in thousands): 
 Components of NAV December 31, 2022 Investments in real estate 1,807,704 Investments in real estate-related loans and securities 332,787 Investments in unconsolidated entities 80,591 Cash and cash equivalents 61,824 Restricted cash 18,175 Other assets 31,743 Debt obligations (1,034,413) Accrued performance fee (6,566) Accrued stockholder servicing fees (1) 
 (345) Management fee payable (1,239) Dividend payable (5,256) Subscriptions received in advance (8,166) Other liabilities (33,821) Non-controlling interests in joint ventures (22,001) Net asset value 1,221,017 Number of shares/units outstanding 91,762 
 (1) Stockholder servicing fees only apply to Class S, Class T and Class D shares. For purposes of NAV, we recognize the stockholder servicing fee as a reduction of NAV on a monthly basis as such fee is paid. Under GAAP, we accrue the full cost of the stockholder servicing fee as an offering cost at the time we sell Class S, Class T and Class D shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we have accrued under GAAP approximately 29.5 million of stockholder servicing fees. 

50 

The following table provides a breakdown of our total NAV and NAV per share/unit by class as of December 31, 2022 and shares/units in thousands, except per share/unit data): 
 NAV Per Share/Unit Class S Shares Class I Shares Class D Shares Class T Shares Class C Shares (1) 
 Class E Shares (1) 
 Third-party 
 Operating 
 Partnership 
 Units (2) 
 Total Net asset value 487,102 566,427 482 122,129 43,887 990 1,221,017 Number of shares/units outstanding 36,704 42,397 36 9,343 3,210 72 91,762 NAV Per Share/Unit as of December 31, 2022 
 13.2712 13.3602 13.2204 13.0716 13.6732 13.6732 
 (1) Class C and Class E shares of our common stock are offered to investors pursuant to private offerings. (2) Includes the units of the Operating Partnership held by parties other than us. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had not sold any Class T shares. 

Set forth below are the weighted averages of the key assumptions in the discounted cash flow methodology used in the December 31, 2022 valuations, based on property types. 
 Property Type Discount Rate Exit Capitalization Rate Multifamily 6.5 5.1 Net Lease 5.5 4.8 Office 8.3 6.8 Logistics 6.3 5.4 Single-Family Rental 6.5 5.2 
 
 These assumptions are determined by our independent valuation advisor. A change in these assumptions would impact the calculation of the value of our property investments. For example, assuming all other factors remain unchanged, the changes listed below would result in the following effects on our investment values: 
 Input Hypothetical Change Multifamily Investment Values Net Lease Investment Values Office Investment Values Logistics Investment Values Single-Family Rental Investment Values Discount Rate .25 Decrease 2.2 2.0 3.5 2.8 1.7 (weighted average) .25 Increase (2.0) (1.8) (3.3) (2.7) (1.7) Exit Capitalization Rate .25 Decrease 3.8 4.0 4.0 4.7 3.4 (weighted average) .25 Increase (3.3) (3.6) (3.5) (4.0) (2.6) 
 
 The preceding tables do not include recently acquired properties, which are held at cost in accordance with our valuation guidelines. 
 51 

The following table reconciles Stockholders Equity per our Consolidated Balance Sheets to our NAV in thousands): 
 Reconciliation of Stockholders Equity to NAV December 31, 2022 Stockholders equity under U.S. GAAP 963,214 Redeemable non-controlling interest 990 Total partners capital of Operating Partnership under GAAP 964,204 Adjustments: Accrued stockholder servicing fee 29,132 Deferred rent (4,132) Advanced organizational and offering costs 12,365 Unrealized net real estate appreciation 127,132 Accumulated amortization of discount (78) Accumulated depreciation and amortization 92,394 NAV 1,221,017 
 The following details the adjustments to reconcile stockholders equity under GAAP to our NAV: 
 Accrued stockholder servicing fee represents the accrual for the full cost of the stockholder servicing fee for Class S and Class D shares. Under GAAP, we accrued the full cost of the stockholder servicing fee payable over the life of each share (assuming such share remains outstanding the length of time required to pay the maximum stockholder servicing fee) as an offering cost at the time we sold such share. Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements for further details of the GAAP treatment regarding the stockholder servicing fee. For purposes of calculating NAV, we recognize the stockholder servicing fee as a reduction of NAV on a monthly basis as such fee is paid. 
 Deferred rent represents straight line rental revenue recorded under GAAP. For purposes of calculating NAV, deferred rental revenues are excluded. 
 The Adviser and its affiliates, and previously the Oaktree Adviser, agreed to advance organization and offering expenses on our behalf (other than upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees) through July 5, 2023, subject to the following reimbursement terms: (1) we have been and will continue reimbursing the Adviser for all such advanced expenses paid through July 5, 2022 ratably over the 60 months following July 6, 2022; and (2) we will reimburse the Adviser for all such advanced expenses paid from July 6, 2022 through July 5, 2023 ratably over the 60 months following July 6, 2023. Under GAAP, organization costs are expensed as incurred and offering costs are charged to equity as such amounts are incurred. For purposes of calculating NAV, such costs are recognized as a reduction to NAV as they are reimbursed to the Adviser. 
 Our investments in real estate are presented at their depreciated historical cost basis in our GAAP consolidated financial statements. Our investments in real estate-related loans are presented at their amortized cost basis in our GAAP consolidated financial statements. Additionally, our mortgage loans, term loans, and credit facilities Debt are presented at their carrying value in our GAAP consolidated financial statements. As such, any changes in the fair market value of our investments in real estate, investments in real estate-related loans or Debt are not included in our GAAP results. For purposes of calculating NAV, our investments in real estate, investments in real estate-related loans, and our Debt are recorded at fair value and any changes in fair value are recognized as unrealized net real estate appreciation. 
 We amortize the discount on our investments in real estate-related loans over the term of the loan in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of calculating NAV, our investments in real estate-related loans are recorded at fair value and such amortization is excluded. 
 We depreciate our investments in real estate and amortize certain other assets and liabilities in accordance with GAAP. For the purposes of calculating NAV, such depreciation and amortization is excluded. 
 
 52 

Distributions 
 We generally intend to distribute substantially all of our taxable income, which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP, to our stockholders each year to satisfy the requirements for qualification as a REIT under the Code. 
 Beginning December 31, 2019, we declared monthly distributions for each class of our common stock, which are generally paid 20 days after month-end. Each class of our common stock receives the same aggregate gross distribution per share. The net distribution varies for each class based on the applicable stockholder servicing fees, management fees, and performance fees, which are deducted from the monthly distribution per share. 
 The following table details the aggregate net distributions declared for each class of common stock for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Class S Class I Class D (1) 
 Class T (2) 
 Class C Class E Aggregate gross distributions declared per share of common stock 0.8715 0.8715 0.5199 0.8715 0.8715 Stockholder servicing fee per share of common stock (0.1100) (0.0200) Management fee per share of common stock (0.1681) (0.1689) (0.1005) (0.1661) Net distributions declared per share of common stock 0.5934 0.7026 0.3994 0.7054 0.8715 
 (1) We issued our first Class D shares of common stock in June 2022, thus no distributions were declared for Class D prior to this date. 
 (2) We did not have any Class T shares of common stock issued or outstanding, thus no distributions were declared for Class T during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we declared distributions in the amount of 42.7 million. The following table outlines the tax character of our distributions paid in 2022 as a percentage of total distributions. The distribution declared on December 29, 2022 was paid in January of the following year and is excluded from the below analysis as it s a 2023 tax event: 
 Ordinary Income Capital Gains Return of Capital 2022 Tax Year 100 
 
 The following table summarizes our distributions declared during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 in thousands): 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020 
 Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Distributions Payable in cash 17,075 40 5,702 52 4,872 67 Reinvested in shares 25,653 60 5,234 48 2,439 33 Total distributions 42,728 100 10,936 100 7,311 100 Sources of Distributions Cash flows from operating activities from current period 42,728 100 10,936 100 7,311 100 Total sources of distributions 42,728 100 10,936 100 7,311 100 Cash flows from operating activities 65,357 15,721 9,322 Funds from Operations (1) 
 15,833 3,106 10,112 Adjusted Funds from Operations (1) 
 41,056 12,705 8,458 Funds Available for Distribution (1) 
 47,735 11,978 8,581 
 (1) See Funds from Operations, Adjusted Funds from Operations and Funds Available for Distribution below for descriptions of Funds from Operations (FFO), Adjusted Funds from Operations (AFFO), and Funds Available for Distribution (FAD), for reconciliations of these metrics to GAAP Net loss attributable to stockholders and redeemable non-controlling interests, and for considerations on how to review these metrics. 
 
 53 

Funds from Operations, Adjusted Funds from Operations and Funds Available for Distribution 
 We believe funds from operations FFO is a meaningful non-GAAP supplemental measure of our operating results. Our Consolidated Financial Statements are presented under historical cost accounting which, among other things, requires depreciation of real estate investments to be calculated on a straight-line basis. As a result, our operating results imply that the value of our real estate investments will decrease evenly over a set time period. However, we believe that the value of real estate investments will fluctuate over time based on market conditions and as such, depreciation under historical cost accounting may be less informative. FFO is a standard REIT industry metric defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ). FFO, as defined by NAREIT and presented below, is calculated as net income or loss (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding (i) gains or losses from sales of depreciable real property, (ii) impairment write-downs on depreciable real property, plus (iii) real estate-related depreciation and amortization, and (iv) after adjustments for our share of consolidated and unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 We also believe that adjusted FFO AFFO is a meaningful non-GAAP supplemental disclosure of our operating results. AFFO further adjusts FFO in order for our operating results to reflect the specific characteristics of our business by adjusting for items we believe are not related to our operations. Our adjustments to FFO to arrive at AFFO include removing the impact of (i) straight-line rental income, (ii) amortization of above- and below-market lease intangibles, (iii) amortization of mortgage premium/discount, (iv) organization costs, (v) amortization of restricted stock awards, (vi) unrealized gains and losses from changes in fair value of real estate-related loans and securities, (vii) non-cash performance fee or other non-cash incentive compensation, and (viii) similar adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 We also believe funds available for distribution FAD is an additional meaningful non-GAAP supplemental disclosure that provides useful information for considering our operating results and certain other items relative to the amount of our distributions by removing the impact of certain non-cash items on our distributions. FAD is calculated as AFFO excluding (i) management fees paid in shares or operating partnership units even if repurchased by us, and including deductions for (ii) stockholder servicing fees paid during the period, and (iii) similar adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures. FAD is not indicative of cash available to fund our cash needs and does not represent cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP, as it excludes adjustments for working capital items and actual cash receipts from interest income recognized on real estate related securities. Cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP would generally be adjusted for such items. Furthermore, FAD is adjusted for stockholder servicing fees and recurring tenant improvements, leasing commissions, and other capital expenditures, which are not considered when determining cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 54 

The following table presents a reconciliation of FFO, AFFO and FAD to net income (loss) attributable to our stockholders and redeemable non-controlling interests. We believe it is meaningful to include redeemable non-controlling interests since it is a component of our NAV in thousands). 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020 
 Net (loss) income attributable to REIT shareholders including Redeemable non-controlling interest (39,082) 5,084 (2,438) Adjustments to arrive at FFO: Depreciation and amortization 55,684 18,370 13,481 Realized gain on disposition of real estate (19,496) Amount attributed to non-controlling interests of third party joint ventures for above adjustments (769) (669) (931) FFO attributable to stockholders and redeemable non-controlling interests 15,833 3,289 10,112 Adjustments to arrive at AFFO: Straight-line rental income (1,879) (298) (1,547) Amortization of above and below market leases and lease inducements (963) 148 228 Amortization of deferred financing costs 4,534 461 211 Amortization of mortgage premium/discount (85) (85) (453) Organization costs 3,459 Amortization of restricted stock awards 323 88 72 Unrealized loss (gain) from changes in fair value of financial instruments (1) 
 16,750 (1,837) (2,417) Non-cash performance fee and performance participation allocation 6,566 7,489 2,215 Amount attributed to non-controlling interests of third party joint ventures for above adjustments (23) (9) 37 AFFO attributable to stockholders and redeemable non-controlling interests 41,056 12,705 8,458 Adjustments to arrive at FAD: Realized gain on real estate-related loans and securities (726) (1,902) (144) Non-cash management fee 10,512 2,651 1,170 Stockholder servicing fees (3,107) (1,476) (903) FAD attributable to stockholders and redeemable non-controlling interests 47,735 11,978 8,581 
 (1) Unrealized loss (gain) on investments relates to mark-to-market changes on our investments in real estate-related securities, derivative contracts, and unconsolidated joint venture reported at fair value. Unrealized loss (gain) on investments includes 4.1 million of net operating income less interest expense attributable to our share in the unconsolidated joint venture reported at fair value. 
 
 FFO, AFFO, and FAD should not be considered to be more relevant or accurate than the GAAP methodology in calculating net income (loss) or in evaluating our operating performance. In addition, FFO, AFFO, and FAD should not be considered as alternatives to net (loss) income as indications of our performance or as alternatives to cash flows from operating activities as indications of our liquidity, but rather should be reviewed in conjunction with these and other GAAP measurements. Further, FFO, AFFO, and FAD are not intended to be used as liquidity measures indicative of cash flow available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 Distribution Policy 
 We intend to distribute sufficient income so that we satisfy the requirements for qualification as a REIT. In order to qualify as a REIT, we are required to distribute 90 of our annual REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding net capital gains, to our stockholders. Generally, income distributed to stockholders will not be taxable to us under the Code if we distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding net capital gains. 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted a distribution reinvestment plan whereby stockholders (other than Alabama, Idaho, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Texas, Vermont and Washington investors) will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of common stock unless they elect to receive their distributions in cash. Alabama, Idaho, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Texas, Vermont and Washington investors will automatically receive their distributions in cash unless they elect to have their cash distributions reinvested in additional shares of our common stock. The per share purchase price for shares purchased pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan will be equal to the offering price before upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees (the transaction price at the time the distribution is payable, which will generally be 
 55 

equal to our prior month s NAV per share for that share class. Stockholders will not pay upfront selling commissions or dealer manager fees when purchasing shares pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan. The stockholder servicing fees with respect to our Class T, Class S and Class D shares are calculated based on the NAV for those shares and may reduce the NAV or, alternatively, the distributions payable with respect to shares of each such class, including shares issued in respect of distributions on such shares under the distribution reinvestment plan. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act. As further described in Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements, the Adviser, and prior to the Adviser Transition the Oaktree Adviser, is entitled to an annual management fee, payable monthly, as compensation for the services it provides to us. The Oaktree Advisor agreed to waive the management fee through May 2020. The management fee can be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash or shares of our common stock. To date, the Adviser, and previously the Oaktree Adviser, has elected to receive the management fee in Class I and Class E shares of the our common stock. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred management fees of 10.5 million, 2.7 million, and 1.2 million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued 502,895 unregistered Class I shares of common stock and 172,098 unregistered Class E shares of common stock to the Adviser for the payment of 2022 management fees. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we issued 216,792 and 78,022 unregistered Class I shares of common stock to the Oaktree Adviser for payment of 2021 and 2020 management fees, respectively. We had accrued payables of 1.2 million and 0.6 million related to management fees as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in Due to affiliates on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. During January 2023, we issued of 90,871 unregistered Class I shares of common stock to the Adviser as payment of the 1.2 million management fees accrued as of December 31, 2022. During February 2022, we issued 49,309 unregistered Class E shares of common stock to the Adviser as payment of the 0.6 million management fees accrued as of December 31, 2021. Each issuance to the Adviser and the Oaktree Adviser was made pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 As further described in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Adviser, and prior to the Adviser Transition the Oaktree Adviser, is entitled to a performance fee based on our total return. The performance fee becomes payable at the end of each calendar year and can be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash, shares of our common stock, or units of the Operating Partnership. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred performance fees of 6.6 million, 5.1 million, and 2.2 million, respectively. The performance fee for 2022 became payable on December 31, 2022, and in January 2023 we issued 481,598 shares of Class I common stock to the Adviser as payment of the 2022 performance fee. The performance fee for 2021 earned by the Oaktree Advisor became payable on the date of the Adviser Transition, and in December 2021 we issued 429,340 Class I shares of common stock to the Oaktree Adviser as payment of the 2021 performance fee earned by the Oaktree Adviser through the date of the Adviser Transition. The performance fee for 2020 earned by the Oaktree Adviser became payable on December 31, 2020, and was paid in cash in April 2021. Each issuance to the Adviser and the Oaktree Adviser was made pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 Additionally, the Special Limited Partner, an affiliate of Brookfield, previously held a performance participation interest in the Operating Partnership that entitled it to receive an allocation of the Operating Partnership s total return to its capital account. As further described in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the performance participation allocation for the period November 3, 2021 through December 31, 2021 was 2.3 million and became payable on December 31, 2021. In March 2022, we issued 186,362 Class E units in the Operating Partnership Class E OP Units to the Special Limited Partner as payment of the 2021 performance participation allocation. In June 2022, all such Class E OP Units were converted to 191,670 unregistered Class I shares of common stock at the then-applicable conversion factor per unit based on the most recently determined NAV of Class E OP Units and Class I shares of common stock. Each issuance to the Special Limited Partner was made pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 We have also sold Class I and Class C shares in private offerings to feeder vehicles that offer interests in such feeder vehicles to non-U.S. persons. The offer and sale of Class I and Class C shares to the feeder vehicles was exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation S thereunder. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received 210.1 million from the sale of 15,219,140 unregistered Class I shares and 104.2 million from the sale of 7,973,927 unregistered Class C shares. 
 We have also sold Class E shares to Brookfield and certain of its affiliates in one or more private offerings. The offer and sale of Class E shares was exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2). For the year ended December 31, 2022, we received 11.1 million from the sale of 818,982 unregistered Class E shares to affiliates of Brookfield . 

56 

Share Repurchases 
 We have adopted a share repurchase plan, whereby on a monthly basis, stockholders may request that we repurchase all or any portion of their shares. We may choose to repurchase all, some or none of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased at the end of any particular month, in our discretion, subject to any limitations in the share repurchase plan. 
 Under our share repurchase plan, to the extent we choose to repurchase shares in any particular month, we will only repurchase shares as of the opening of the last calendar day of that month (each such date, a Repurchase Date ). Repurchases will be made at the transaction price in effect on the Repurchase Date (which will generally be equal to our prior month s NAV per share), except that shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at 98 of the transaction price (an Early Repurchase Deduction subject to certain limited exceptions. Settlements of share repurchases will be made within three business days of the Repurchase Date. The Early Repurchase Deduction will not apply to shares acquired through our distribution reinvestment plan, to shares the Adviser elects to receive instead of cash in respect of its management or performance fees, or to shares issued to an affiliate of Brookfield in exchange for Class E units of the Operating Partnership that were issued to such entity in connection with its contribution of certain assets to the Operating Partnership in connection with the Adviser Transition. In addition, shares of our common stock are sold to certain feeder vehicles primarily created to hold our shares that in turn offer interests in such feeder vehicles to non-U.S. persons. For such feeder vehicles and similar arrangements in certain markets, we may not apply the Early Repurchase Deduction to the feeder vehicles or underlying investors, often because of administrative or systems limitations. 
 The total amount of aggregate repurchases of Class S , Class I , Class T , Class D , Class C , and Class E shares (excluding any Early Repurchase Deduction applicable to the repurchased shares) is limited to no more than 2 of our aggregate NAV per month and no more than 5 of our aggregate NAV per calendar quarter. 
 Should repurchase requests, in our judgment, place an undue burden on our liquidity, adversely affect our operations or risk having an adverse impact on our Company as a whole, or should we otherwise determine that investing our liquid assets in real properties or other illiquid investments rather than repurchasing our shares is in the best interests of our Company as a whole, then we may choose to repurchase fewer shares than have been requested to be repurchased, or none at all. Further, our board of directors may modify or suspend our share repurchase plan if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. In the event that we determine to repurchase some but not all of the shares submitted for repurchase during any month, shares repurchased at the end of the month will be repurchased on a pro rata basis. 
 If the transaction price for the applicable month is not made available by the tenth business day prior to the last business day of the month (or is changed after such date), then no repurchase requests will be accepted for such month and stockholders who wish to have their shares repurchased the following month must resubmit their repurchase requests. 
 We and the Operating Partnership have also entered into a repurchase arrangement with the Brookfield Investor (the Brookfield Repurchase Arrangement pursuant to which the Company and the Operating Partnership will offer to repurchase shares of common stock or Operating Partnership units from the Brookfield Investor at a price per share or unit equal to the most recently determined NAV per share or unit immediately prior to each repurchase. The Brookfield Investor has agreed to not seek repurchase of the shares of common stock and Operating Partnership units that it owns if doing so would bring the value of its equity holdings in us and the Operating Partnership below 50 million. In addition, the Brookfield Investor has agreed to hold all of the shares of common stock and Operating Partnership units that it received on the Adviser Transition date in consideration for the contribution by Brookfield of two multifamily properties and a 20 interest in a joint venture that owns a net lease property until the earlier of (i) the first date that our NAV reaches 1.5 billion and (ii) the date that is the third anniversary of November 2, 2021. Following such date, the Brookfield Investor may cause us or the Operating Partnership to repurchase its shares and Operating Partnership units (above the 50 million minimum), in an amount equal to the sum of (a) the amount available under our share repurchase plan s 2 monthly and 5 quarterly caps (after accounting for third-party investor repurchases) and (b) 25 of the amount by which net proceeds from the Offering and our private offerings of common stock for a given month exceed the amount of repurchases for such month pursuant to our share repurchase plan. We will not effect any such repurchase during any month in which the full amount of all shares requested to be repurchased by third-party investors under our share repurchase plan is not repurchased. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we and the Operating Partnership did not repurchase any shares or Operating Partnership units as part of the Brookfield Repurchase Arrangement. On May 13, 2022, our board of directors approved an amendment to the Brookfield Repurchase Arrangement in order to clarify that the Brookfield Repurchase Arrangement will not apply to shares of our common stock or units of the Operating Partnership held by affiliates of Brookfield that are feeder vehicles primarily created to hold our Class I and Class C shares of common stock that offer interests in such feeder vehicles to non-U.S. persons. 
 On November 30, 2021, the Operating Partnership and the Brookfield Investor entered into a subscription agreement (the Brookfield Subscription Agreement pursuant to which the Brookfield Investor agreed to purchase up to 83.0 million of Class E OP Units upon the request of the general partner of the Operating Partnership, of which we are the sole member. On December 1, 2021, the Brookfield Investor was issued 3,756,480 Class E OP Units in exchange for 45.0 million. On January 
 57 

3, 2022, the Brookfield Investor was issued 3,075,006 Class E OP Units in exchange for 38.0 million. On June 29, 2022, we, the Operating Partnership and the Brookfield Investor entered into an agreement pursuant to which all such Class E OP Units issued to the Brookfield Investor in connection with the Brookfield Subscription Agreement were converted to Class I shares of our common stock at the then-applicable conversion factor per unit based on the most recently determined NAV of Class E OP Units and Class I shares. The Class I shares held by the Brookfield Investor in connection with the Brookfield Subscription Agreement are not subject to the Brookfield Repurchase Arrangement, but may be redeemed, in whole or in part, for cash upon the request of the Brookfield Investor. 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased shares of our common stock in the following amounts, which represented all of the share repurchase requests received for the same period. 
 Month of: Total Number of Shares Repurchased (1) 
 Repurchases as a Percentage of Shares Outstanding Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Repurchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares Pending Repurchase Pursuant to Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 
 October 2022 1,018,934 1.16 13.8640 1,018,934 November 2022 (3) 
 590,162 0.66 13.9123 339,399 December 2022 934,630 1.02 13.4665 934,630 Total 2,543,726 2,292,963 
 (1) Repurchases are limited as described above. 
 (2) All repurchase requests under our share repurchase plan were satisfied. (3) Includes 250,763 Class I shares previously issued to the Adviser as payment for management fees. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 Not applicable. 
 58 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 References herein to the Company, we, us, or our refer to Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical data, this discussion contains forward-looking statements about our business, operations and financial performance based on current expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those in this discussion as a result of various factors, including but not limited to those discussed in Part I Item 1.A - Risk Factors in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 We are a Maryland corporation formed on July 27, 2017 to invest in commercial real estate assets. We seek to invest in well-located, high quality real estate properties that generate strong current cash flow and could further appreciate in value through our proactive, best-in-class asset management strategies. Our real estate-related debt strategy seeks to achieve high current income and superior risk-adjusted returns, as well as provide a source of liquidity. 
 We are externally managed by Brookfield REIT Adviser LLC (the Adviser ), an affiliate of Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. (together with its affiliates, Brookfield ), which was formed on December 9, 2022 upon the distribution and listing by Brookfield Corporation (formerly Brookfield Asset Management Inc.) of 25 of its asset management business. We are structured as an umbrella partnership real estate investment trust UPREIT ), which means that we own substantially all of our assets through our operating partnership, Brookfield REIT Operating Partnership L.P. (the Operating Partnership ), a Delaware limited partnership, of which we are the sole general partner. 
 On April 30, 2018, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), declared effective our registration statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-223022) for our initial public offering of up to 2.0 billion in shares of our common stock (the Initial Public Offering ). On November 2, 2021, the SEC declared effective our registration statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-255557) for our follow-on public offering of up to 7.5 billion in shares of our common stock in any combination of purchases of Class S, Class T, Class D and Class I shares of our common stock (the Follow-On Public Offering ). The share classes have different upfront selling commissions and ongoing stockholder servicing fees. The Initial Public Offering terminated upon the commencement of the Follow-On Public Offering. 
 In addition to the Follow-On Public Offering, we are conducting private offerings of Class I and Class C shares to feeder vehicles that offer interests in such vehicles to non-U.S. persons. The offer and sale of Class I and Class C shares to the feeder vehicles is exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation S thereunder. We are also offering Class E shares to Brookfield and certain of its affiliates in one or more private offerings. The offer and sale of Class E shares is exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2). 
 We qualified as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with our taxable year ending December 31, 2019, and we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income to the extent we annually distribute all of our net taxable income to stockholders and maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned and operated 19 investments in real estate and held investments in one unconsolidated real estate interest, three real estate-related loans, and 76 short-term real estate-related debt securities. We are not aware of any material trends or uncertainties, favorable or unfavorable, other than national economic conditions affecting real estate generally, that may be reasonably anticipated to have a material impact on either capital resources or the revenues or income to be derived from owning properties or real estate-related loans. 
 
 59 

2022 Highlights 
 Operating and Capital Raising Results: 
 Total return for the year ended December 31, 2022, excluding upfront selling commissions, was 11.37 for Class S, 12.68 for Class I and (0.59) for Class D shares. 1 Total return is calculated as the percent change in the NAV per share during the respective periods, plus the amount of any net distributions per share declared in the period. Management believes total return is a useful measure of the overall performance of our shares. 
 Annualized total return from inception through December 31, 2022, excluding upfront selling commissions, was 13.98 for Class S, 15.14 for Class I, and (0.59) for Class D shares. 1 
 Raised 635.5 million from the sale of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Declared monthly net distributions totaling 42.7 million for the year ended December, 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the annualized net distribution rate was 4.48 for Class S, 5.26 for Class I and 5.08 for Class D shares. 2 
 Reinvested distributions of 23.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Investment Activity: 
 Cl osed on property acquisitions during the year with an aggregate purchase price, excluding closing costs, of 545.2 million, including: 
 Acquired three multifamily properties for a total purchase price of 384.0 million, excluding closing costs. 
 Acquired two logistics properties for a total purchase price of 38.2 million, excluding closing costs. 
 Acquired 466 single-family rental properties for an aggregate purchase price of 123.0 million, excluding closing costs. 
 Closed on the following transactions during the year related to real estate-related loans and real estate-related securities: 
 Invested 296.4 million in real estate-related securities, consisting of commercial mortgage-backed securities CMBS ), residential mortgage-backed securities RMBS and corporate bonds. 
 Realized 16.4 million of proceeds from the sale or repayment of real estate-related loans and securities. 
 Financing Activity: 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, closed on an aggregate of 665.0 million of property-level financing, including a 372.8 million term loan secured by five multifamily properties. 
 In December 2022, we refinanced the Secured Credit Facility to extend the maturity date to January 2025. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our leverage ratio was 44.6 . 3 
 Current Portfolio: 
 Our portfolio as of December 31, 2022 consisted of 83 real estate properties, 14 real estate-related loans and securities, and the remainder in cash and cash equivalents. 
 Our real estate properties as of December 31, 2022 consisted of multifamily (56 ), net lease (26 ), single-family rental (7 ), office (6 and logistics (5 ). 
 As of December 31, 2022, our real estate-related loans and securities consisted of 79 investments with an aggregate fair value of 332.8 million. 

1 Year-to-date and since inception returns for Class D shares are calculated from June 1, 2022, the date the first Class D shares were issued. As of December 31, 2022, no Class T shares of common stock had been issued. 
 2 Reflects the current month s net distribution annualized and divided by the prior month s NAV. 
 3 The leverage ratio is calculated by dividing (i) the consolidated property-level and entity-level debt, excluding any third-party interests in such debt, net of cash, loan-related restricted cash, and trading securities by (ii) the gross asset value of real estate equity investments (calculated using the greater of fair value and cost of gross real estate assets), excluding any third-party interests in such investments, plus our equity in real estate-related debt investments. There is no indebtedness on our real estate-related debt investments. The leverage ratio would be higher if our pro rata share of debt within our unconsolidated investment was taken into account. 
 60 

Portfolio 
 The following table provides information regarding our portfolio of real properties as of December 31, 2022: 
 Investment (1) 
 Location Property Type Acquisition Date Ownership Percentage (2) 
 Purchase Price (3) 
 Square Feet/ Number of Units Occupancy Rate (4) 
 Anzio Apartments Atlanta, GA Multifamily April 2019 90 59.2 448 94 Arbors of Las Colinas Dallas, TX Multifamily December 2020 90 63.5 408 92 1110 Key Federal Hill Baltimore, MD Multifamily September 2021 100 73.6 224 97 Domain Orlando, FL Multifamily November 2021 100 74.1 324 98 The Burnham Nashville, TN Multifamily November 2021 100 129.0 328 94 Flats on Front Wilmington, NC Multifamily December 2021 100 97.5 273 95 Verso Apartments Beaverton, OR Multifamily December 2021 100 74.0 172 96 2626 South Side Flats Pittsburgh, PA Multifamily January 2022 100 90.0 264 93 The Parker Alexandria, VA Multifamily March 2022 100 136.0 360 97 Briggs Union Mount Laurel, NJ Multifamily April 2022 100 158.0 490 93 Principal Place (5) 
 London, UK Net Lease November 2021 20 99.8 644,000 100 DreamWorks Animation Studios Glendale, CA Net Lease December 2021 100 326.5 497,000 100 Two Liberty Center Arlington, VA Office August 2019 97 91.2 179,000 93 Lakes at West Covina Los Angeles, CA Office February 2020 95 41.0 177,000 91 6123-6227 Monroe Ct Morton Grove, IL Logistics November 2021 100 17.2 208,000 82 8400 Westphalia Road Upper Marlboro, MD Logistics November 2021 100 27.0 100,000 100 McLane Distribution Center Lakeland, FL Logistics November 2021 100 26.7 211,000 100 2003 Beaver Road Landover, MD Logistics February 2022 100 9.4 38,000 100 187 Bartram Parkway Franklin, IN Logistics February 2022 100 28.8 300,000 100 Single-Family Rentals Various Single-Family Rental Various 100 126.8 480 98 Total 1,749.3 
 (1) Investments in real estate properties includes our consolidated property investments and our unconsolidated investment in Principal Place. (2) The joint venture agreements entered into by us (other than the Principal Place joint venture) provide the other partner a profits interest based on achieving certain internal rate of return hurdles. Such investments are consolidated by us and any profits interest due to the other partners is reported within non-controlling interests. (3) Purchase price is presented in millions and excludes acquisition costs. (4) Occupancy rates as of December 31, 2022. For multifamily investments, occupancy represents the percentage of all leased units divided by the total 
 available units as of the date indicated. For office, net lease and logistics investments, occupancy represents the percentage of all leased square footage 
 divided by the total available square footage as of the date indicated. 
 (5) Purchase price represents our initial equity investment in the joint venture of 73.3 million GBP converted to USD using the spot rate on the acquisition date. 
 61 

Investments in Real Estate-Related Loans and Securities 
 The following table details our real estate-related loan investments as of December 31, 2022 in thousands): 
 Investment Collateral Interest Rate (1) 
 Maturity Date Payment Terms Face Amount Unamortized Discount/Origination Fees Carrying Amount IMC/AMC Bond Investment International Markets Center AmericasMart Atlanta L+6.15 December 2023 Principal due at maturity 25,000 (78) 24,922 The Avery Senior Loan (2) 
 The Avery Condominium San Francisco, California L+7.30 February 2023 (3) 
 Principal due at maturity (4) 
 6,315 (5) 6,310 The Avery Mezzanine Loan (2) 
 The Avery Condominium San Francisco, California L+12.50 February 2023 (3) 
 Principal due at maturity (4) 
 1,529 (1) 1,528 32,844 (84) 32,760 
 (1) The term L refers to the one-month US dollar-denominated London Interbank Offer Rate LIBOR ). As of December 31, 2022, one-month LIBOR was equal to 4.39 . 
 (2) Our investment is held through a membership interest in an entity which aggregates our interest with interests held by other funds managed by the Sub-Adviser. We have been allocated our proportionate share of the loan based on our membership interest in the aggregating entity. (3) The Sub-Adviser is negotiating a loan modification with the borrower. 
 (4) The loan agreement requires mandatory prepayments simultaneous with the closing of the sale of any condominium unit. 
 The weighted average remaining term of our real estate-related securities was approximately 2.5 years as of December 31, 2022. The following table details our real estate-related securities as of December 31, 2022 in thousands): 
 Type of Security Number of Positions Weighted Average Coupon (1) 
 Weighted Average Maturity Date (2) 
 Face Amount Cost Basis Fair Value CMBS - floating 33 L+3.64 November 2025 177,192 169,014 168,765 CMBS - fixed 10 4.54 June 2024 74,771 69,705 69,555 RMBS - floating 8 L+2.46 November 2024 19,325 19,048 19,175 RMBS - fixed 24 4.69 February 2026 42,989 41,658 40,414 Corporate bonds 1 4.75 March 2029 2,500 2,075 1,985 Total 76 6.63 July 2025 316,777 301,500 299,894 
 
 (1) The term L refers to the relevant floating benchmark rates, which include USD LIBOR and Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), as applicable to each security and loan. As of December 31, 2022, one-month LIBOR was equal to 4.39 . As of December 31, 2022, SOFR was equal to 4.30 . 
 (2) Weighted average maturity date is based on the fully extended maturity date of the instruments. 
 62 

Lease Expirations 
 The following table details the expiring leases at our office, logistics, and net lease properties by annualized base rent and square footage as of December 31, 2022. The table below excludes our multifamily and single-family rental properties as substantially all leases at such properties expire within 12 months. 
 Year Number of Expiring Leases Annualized Base Rent (1)(2) 
 of Total 
 Annualized Base 
 Rent Expiring 
 Approximate Gross Leasable Square Footage of Expiring Leases (2) 
 of Total Square Feet Expiring 2023 10 3,929 12 85 5 2024 6 496 2 53 3 2025 16 3,246 10 111 7 2026 8 2,799 9 95 6 2027 3 950 3 55 3 2028 6 1,192 4 35 2 2029 4 1,902 6 140 9 2030 3 553 1 54 3 2031 2032 1 1,319 4 211 13 Thereafter 3 16,084 49 763 49 Total 60 32,470 100 1,602 100 
 (1) Annualized base rent is determined from the annualized December 31, 2022 base rent per leased square foot of the applicable year and excludes tenant recoveries, straight-line rent, and above-market and below-market lease amortization. 
 (2) Annualized base rent and square feet presented in thousands. 
 63 

Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 
 2022 2021 Revenues Rental revenues 108,652 34,787 73,865 Other revenues 9,616 2,591 7,025 Total revenues 118,268 37,378 80,890 Expenses Rental property operating 41,302 15,465 25,837 General and administrative 9,562 7,057 2,505 Organizational expenses 3,459 (3,459) Management fee 10,512 2,651 7,861 Performance fee 6,566 5,143 1,423 Performance participation allocation 2,346 (2,346) Depreciation and amortization 55,684 18,370 37,314 Total expenses 123,626 54,491 69,135 Other (expense) income Income from real estate-related loans and securities 11,322 5,442 5,880 Interest expense (39,718) (6,758) (32,960) Realized gain on real estate investments, net 726 21,493 (20,767) Unrealized (loss) gain on investments, net (16,750) 1,837 (18,587) Realized gain on financial instruments 10,572 10,572 Total other (expense) income (33,848) 22,014 (55,862) Net (loss) income (39,206) 4,901 (44,107) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures 148 183 (35) Net income attributable to non-controlling interests - preferred stockholders (24) (24) Net loss (income) attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 4,669 (2,578) 7,247 Net (loss) income attributable to Brookfield REIT stockholders (34,413) 2,506 (36,919) Per common share data: Net (loss) income per share of common stock - basic and diluted (0.55) 0.11 (0.66) Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic and diluted 62,594 23,038 39,556 
 
 Revenues 
 Revenues primarily consist of base rent arising from tenant leases at our multifamily, net lease, office, logistics and single-family rental properties. Revenues increased 80.9 million from 37.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 118.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase is due to the significant acquisition activity and growth of the portfolio since December 31, 2021. We owned 19 consolidated investments as of December 31, 2022, compared to 14 consolidated investments as of December 31, 2021. However, for the majority of 2021, we only owned five consolidated investments. The components of revenue during these periods are as follows in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 
 2022 2021 Rental revenue 101,795 32,887 68,908 Tenant reimbursements 6,857 1,900 4,957 Ancillary income and fees 9,616 2,591 7,025 Total revenue 118,268 37,378 80,890 
 64 

Rental Property Operating Expenses 
 Rental property operating expenses consist of the costs of ownership and operation of our real estate properties, including real estate taxes, repairs and maintenance expenses, utilities, property management fees, and insurance expenses. Rental property operating expenses increased 25.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 to 41.3 million compared to 15.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is attributable to the increase in the portfolio size as described above. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses are corporate-level expenses that relate mainly to our compliance and administration costs, including legal fees, audit fees, professional tax fees, valuation fees, board of director fees and other professional fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022, general and administrative expenses were 9.6 million as compared to 7.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 2.5 million is primarily due to the increase in the size of the portfolio as described above. 
 Organizational Expenses 
 Organizational expenses primarily consist of legal and filing fees related to forming a business or entity. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred no organizational expenses, compared to 3.5 million of organizational expenses incurred for the year ended December 31, 2021. Expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021 relate to the formation of entities and the creation of the UPREIT structure in connection with the Adviser Transition. 
 Management Fee 
 Management fees are earned by our Adviser for providing services pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the total management fee expense was 10.5 million as compared to 2.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Management fees are calculated based on our aggregate NAV of Class S, Class I, Class T, Class D, and Class C shares (no management fees is paid on Class E shares) and are paid monthly. The increase in the current year was due to the growth of our NAV of Class S, Class I, Class T Class D and Class C shares, which increased by 870.8 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. 
 Performance Fee and Performance Participation Allocation 
 Performance fees and performance participation allocation relate to amounts paid to the Adviser or Special Limited Partner based on the total return for the period. For the year ended December 31, 2022, performance fees were 6.6 million compared to an aggregate 7.5 million of performance fees and performance participation allocation for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was due to the lower total return for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, depreciation and amortization increased 37.3 million compared to the corresponding period in 2021. The increase was driven by the significant growth in the size of our portfolio as described above. 
 Income from Real Estate-Related Loans and Securities 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest income from real estate-related loans and securities was 11.3 million and 5.4 million, respectively. The 5.9 million increase in interest income is primarily due to significant acquisition activity of real estate-related securities as well as the impact of rising interest rates during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we owned 76 positions in real estate-related securities with an aggregate fair value of 299.9 million, compared to four positions with an aggregate fair value of 19.5 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense is primarily related to interest payable on our property mortgage loans and other indebtedness. For the year ended December 31, 2022, interest expense was 39.7 million compared to 6.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to additional indebtedness related to the increase in the portfolio size as described above as well as the impact of rising interest rates on our variable rate debt. 
 Realized Gain on Real Estate Investments, Net 
 Realized gain on real estate investments is related to the gains recognized upon disposition of our investments in real estate and real estate-related loans and securities. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received gross proceeds of 13.5 million from the dispositions or repayments of real estate-related securities resulting in a realized gain of 0.6 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we realized gains of 21.5 million as the result of the sale of our ownership interest in the Ezlyn property and the sale or repayment of real estate-related loans and securities. 
 65 

Realized Gain on Financial Instruments 
 Realized gains on financial instruments consist of foreign currency swap settlements related to our unconsolidated non-U.S. investment in Principal Place. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had realized gains on financial instruments of 10.6 million, due to decreases in the GBP to USD exchange rate. We had no foreign currency swaps during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Unrealized Losses and Gains on Investments, Net 
 Unrealized losses and gains on investments, net consists of changes in the fair value of investments in real estate-related securities and investments in unconsolidated entities. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized unrealized losses of 16.8 million and unrealized gains of 1.8 million, respectively. The unrealized losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily attributable to both a foreign currency translation loss and a decrease in the fair market value of our unconsolidated non-U.S. investment in Principal Place. 
 Net (Loss) Income Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests 
 Net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests was 4.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests of 2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The loss or income allocable to redeemable non-controlling interests is related to interests held in the Operating Partnership by parties other than us. 
 Reimbursement by the Adviser 
 Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser will reimburse us for any expenses that cause our Total Operating Expenses in any four consecutive fiscal quarters to exceed the greater of: (i) 2 of our Average Invested Assets or (ii) 25 of our Net Income (each as defined in our charter) (the 2 /25 Limitation ). For the four consecutive quarters ended December 31, 2022, our Total Operating Expenses did not exceed the 2 /25 Limitation. 
 Refer to Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 for discussion of our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, which specific discussion is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary needs for liquidity are to fund investments, to make distributions to our stockholders, to repurchase shares of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase plan, to pay our offering and operating expenses, to fund capital expenditures at our properties, and to pay debt service on our outstanding indebtedness. Our operating expenses include, among other things, fees and expenses related to managing our properties and other investments, the management and performance fees we pay to the Adviser (to the extent the Adviser elects to receive such fees in cash) and general corporate expenses. 
 We believe that our current liquidity position is sufficient to meet the operating needs of our business, with 367.8 million of liquidity as of December 31, 2022, consisting of 61.8 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, 181.0 million of undrawn available capacity on our Secured Credit Facility and 125.0 million of undrawn available capacity on our Affiliate Line of Credit. We may also generate additional liquidity through the sale of our real estate-related loans and securities, which had an aggregate fair value of 332.8 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our portfolio remains conservatively leveraged at 44.6 as of December 31, 2022, and we can generate additional liquidity by incurring indebtedness secured by our investments. Our leverage ratio is calculated by dividing (i) the consolidated property-level and entity-level debt, excluding any third-party interests in such debt, net of cash, loan-related restricted cash, and trading securities by (ii) the gross asset value of real estate equity investments (calculated using the greater of fair value and cost of gross real estate assets), excluding any third-party interests in such investments, plus our equity in real estate-related debt investments. Additionally, there is no indebtedness on our real estate-related debt investments. 
 Our cash needs for acquisitions and other investments will be funded primarily from the sale of shares of our common stock and through the assumption or incurrence of debt. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received 635.5 million of proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock, including proceeds from our private offerings. In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 62.5 million in shares of our common stock under our share repurchase plan. 
 66 

The following table is a summary of our indebtedness as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 
 Principal Balance as of Indebtedness Interest Rate (1) 
 Maturity Date (2) 
 Maximum Facility Size December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Anzio Apartments mortgage loan L+1.59 May 2029 44,400 44,400 Two Liberty Center mortgage loan L+1.50 August 2024 62,085 62,085 Lakes at West Covina mortgage loan L+1.55 February 2025 25,604 25,604 Arbors of Las Colinas mortgage loan SOFR+2.24 January 2031 45,950 45,950 1110 Key Federal Hill mortgage loan 2.34 October 2028 51,520 51,520 Domain mortgage loan SOFR+1.50 December 2026 48,700 48,700 DreamWorks Animation Studios mortgage loan 3.20 March 2029 212,200 214,750 Briggs Union mortgage loan SOFR+1.75 December 2027 80,000 Secured Multifamily Term Loan (3) 
 SOFR+1.70 March 2027 372,760 Secured Credit Facility (4) 
 SOFR+2.00 January 2025 300,000 118,985 244,402 Affiliate Line of Credit (5) 
 SOFR+2.25 November 2023 125,000 105,000 Total Indebtedness 1,062,204 842,411 
 
 (1) The term L refers to the one-month US dollar-denominated LIBOR. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, one-month LIBOR was equal to 4.39 and 0.10 , respectively. The term SOFR refers to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, SOFR was 4.30 and 0.05 , respectively. (2) Includes the fully extended maturity date for loans with extension options at our discretion and that we currently expect to be able to exercise. (3) As of December 31, 2022, borrowings on the Secured Multifamily Term Loan are secured by The Burnham, Flats on Front, Verso Apartments, 2626 South Side Flats and The Parker. The Secured Multifamily Term Loan matures on March 21, 2025, and has two one-year extension options to March 2026 and 2027, subject to certain conditions. 
 (4) As of December 31, 2022, borrowings on the Secured Credit Facility were secured by the following properties: 6123-6227 Monroe Court, 2003 Beaver Road, 187 Bartram Parkway, and certain properties in the Single Family Rental Portfolio. In November 2022, we repaid an aggregate 36.4 million of the principal balance outstanding related to borrowings secured by 8400 Westphalia Road and McLane Distribution Center. In December 2022, we repaid 103.6 million of the principal balance outstanding related to borrowing secured by Briggs Union. As of December 31, 2021, borrowings on the Secured Credit Facility were secured by the following properties: The Burnham, Flats on Front, Verso Apartments, 8400 Westphalia Road, 6123-6227 Monroe Court, and McLane Distribution Center. (5) Borrowings under the Affiliate Line of Credit bear interest at a rate of the lowest then-current interest rate for any similar credit product offered by a third-party lender to us or our subsidiaries or, if not available, SOFR plus a 0.10 credit adjustment and a 2.25 margin. 
 
 67 

Cash Flows 
 The following table provides a breakdown of the net change in our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash in thousands): 
 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 2021 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities 65,357 15,721 9,322 Cash flows used in investing activities (826,530) (622,799) (128,643) Cash flows provided by financing activities 780,388 631,843 124,290 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 19,215 24,765 4,969 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities increased by 49.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the corresponding period in 2021 due to increased cash flows from the operations of our properties and income from our investments in real estate-related debt. The increase was primarily due to property acquisitions in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we owned 19 properties, compared to 14 properties as of December 31, 2021. However, for the majority of 2021, we only owned five consolidated investments. Cash flows provided by operating activities increased 6.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the corresponding period in 2020 due to increased cash flows from the operations of our properties and income from our investments in real estate-related debt. The increase was primarily due to property acquisitions in 2021. 
 Cash flows used in investing activities increased 203.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the corresponding period in 2021. The increase was primarily due to acquisitions of real estate properties and real estate-related debt, offset by cash flows provided by the sale of one real estate property, one real estate-related loan, and four real estate-related securities. Cash flows used in investing activities decreased 494.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the corresponding period in 2020 primarily due to fewer acquisitions in 2021. 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities increased 148.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the corresponding period in 2021. The increase is primarily due to borrowings from mortgage loans and credit facilities for property acquisitions. Cash flows provided by financing activities decreased 507.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the corresponding period in 2020 primarily due to a decrease in proceeds from borrowings from mortgage loans and credit facilities for property acquisitions. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of these financial statements in accordance with GAAP involve significant judgement and assumptions and require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. These judgments will affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our financial statements. The following is a summary of our significant accounting policies that we believe are the most affected by our judgements, estimates, and assumptions. 
 Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on Form 10-K for a summary of our critical accounting policies. 
 Principles of Consolidation and Variable Interest Entities 
 We consolidate entities in which we retain a controlling financial interest or entities that meet the definition of a variable interest entity VIE for which we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary. In performing our analysis of whether we are the primary beneficiary, at initial investment and at each quarterly reporting period, we consider whether we individually have the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly affect the entity s economic performance and also have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The determination of whether an entity is a VIE, and whether we are the primary beneficiary, involves significant judgments, including the determination of which activities most significantly affect the entity s performance, estimates about the current and future fair values and performance of assets held by the entity and/or general market conditions. 
 
 68 

Investments in Real Estate 
 In accordance with the guidance for business combinations, we determine whether the acquisition of a property qualifies as a business combination, which requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed constitute a business. If the property acquired is not a business, we account for the transaction as an asset acquisition. We evaluate each real estate acquisition to determine whether the integrated set of acquired assets and activities meets the definition of a business. 
 Upon acquisition of a property, we assesses the fair value of the acquired tangible and intangible assets (including land, buildings, tenant improvements, above-market and below-market leases, acquired in-place leases, other identified intangible assets and assumed liabilities) and we allocate the purchase price to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities. The most significant portion of the allocation is to building and land and requires the use of market based estimates and assumptions. We assess and considers fair value based on estimated cash flow projections that utilize discount and/or capitalization rates that it deems appropriate, as well as other available market information. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including the historical operating results, known and anticipated trends and market and economic conditions. 
 We also consider an allocation of the purchase price of other acquired intangibles, including acquired in-place leases that may have a customer relationship intangible value, including (but not limited to) the nature and extent of the existing relationship with the tenants, the tenants credit quality and expectations of lease renewals. For acquired in-place leases, above- and below-market lease values are recorded at their fair values (using a discount rate that reflects the risks associated with the lease acquired) equal to the difference between the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the in-place leases and management s estimate of fair market value lease rates for the corresponding in-place leases, measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above-market leases and the initial term plus the term of any below-market fixed rate renewal options for below-market leases. Other intangible assets acquired include amounts for in-place lease values that are based on our evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant s lease. Factors to be considered include estimates of carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods considering current market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases. In estimating carrying costs, we include real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses and estimates of lost rentals at market rates during the expected lease-up periods, depending on local market conditions. In estimating costs to execute similar leases, we consider leasing commissions, legal and other related expenses. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 We review our real estate portfolio each quarter or when there is an event or change in circumstances to determine if there are any indicators of impairment in the carrying values of any of our real estate assets. If the carrying amount of the real estate asset is no longer recoverable and exceeds the fair value of such investment, an impairment loss is recognized. The impairment loss is recognized based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its fair value. The evaluation of anticipated future cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results. Since cash flows on real estate properties considered to be long-lived assets to be held and used are considered on an undiscounted basis to determine whether an asset has been impaired, our strategy of holding properties over the long term directly decreases the likelihood of recording an impairment loss. If our strategy changes or market conditions otherwise dictate an earlier sale date, an impairment loss may be recognized, and such loss could be material to our results. If we determine that an impairment has occurred, the affected assets must be reduced to their fair value. 
 Related Party Transactions 
 We have and are expected to continue to engage in, transactions with related parties, including Brookfield REIT Advisor LLC, our Adviser and its affiliates, and Oaktree Fund Advisors LLC as Sub-Advisor and its affiliates. The results of our operations may be different if similar transactions were conducted with non-related parties. Our independent directors oversee and annually review our related party relationships and are required to approve any modifications to existing relationships, as well as any new related party transactions. 
 See Note 10 titled Related Party Transactions to our financial statements in this annual report on Form 10-K for additional information concerning our related party transactions. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on Form 10-K for a discussion concerning recent accounting pronouncements. 
 69 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We may be exposed to interest rate changes primarily as a result of long-term debt used to maintain liquidity, fund capital expenditures and expand our investment portfolio and operations. Market fluctuations in real estate financing may affect the availability and cost of funds needed to expand our investment portfolio. In addition, restrictions upon the availability of real estate financing or high interest rates for real estate loans could adversely affect our ability to dispose of real estate in the future. We seek to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. We may use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on loans secured by our assets. Also, we are exposed to credit, market and currency risk. 
 Market Risk 
 Market risk is the adverse effect on the value of a financial instrument that results from a change in interest rates. The market risk associated with interest-rate contracts is managed by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of market risk that may be undertaken. With regard to variable rate financing, we assess our interest rate cash flow risk by continually identifying and monitoring changes in interest rate exposures that may adversely impact expected future cash flows and by evaluating hedging opportunities. We maintain risk management control systems to monitor interest rate cash flow risk attributable to both our outstanding and forecasted debt obligations as well as our potential offsetting hedge positions. While this hedging strategy is designed to minimize the impact on our net income and funds from operations from changes in interest rates, the overall returns on your investment may be reduced. . 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk with respect to our variable-rate indebtedness, where an increase in interest rates would directly result in higher interest expense costs. We seek to manage our exposure to interest rate risk by utilizing a mix of fixed and floating rate financings with staggered maturities. We have also executed interest rate swaps and caps for a portion of these borrowings to hedge the risk of increasing interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of our variable rate indebtedness was 798.5 million and consisted of mortgage loans, our Secured Multifamily Term Loan and our Secured Credit Facility. 
 Certain of our mortgage loans and other indebtedness are variable rate and are indexed to the U.S. Dollar denominated LIBOR and the U.S. Dollar denominated SOFR (collectively, the Reference Rates ). For the year ended December 31, 2022, a 10 increase in the Reference Rates would have resulted in increased interest expense of 1.3 million. 
 Investments in Real Estate-Related Loans and Securities 
 As of December 31, 2022, we held 332.7 million of investments in three real estate-related loans and 76 real estate-related securities. Certain of our investments are variable rate and are indexed to the Reference Rates and as such, exposed to interest rate risk. Our net income will increase or decrease depending on interest rate movements. For the year ended December 31, 2022, a 10 increase or decrease in the Reference Rates would have resulted in an increase or decrease to income from our real estate-related loans and securities of 0.6 million. 
 We may also be exposed to market risk with respect to our investments in real estate-related securities due to changes in the fair value of our investments. We seek to manage our exposure to market risk with respect to our investments in real estate-related securities by making investments in securities backed by different types of collateral and varying credit ratings. The fair value of our investments may fluctuate, thus the amount we will realize upon any sale of our investments is unknown. However, as of December 31, 2022, a 10 change in the fair value of our investments in real estate-related securities would result in a change in the carrying value of our investments in real estate-related securities of 30.0 million. 
 Currency Risk 
 We may be exposed to currency risks related to our non-U.S. investments that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar USD ). We may seek to manage or mitigate our risk to the exposure of the effects of currency changes through the use of a wide variety of derivative financial instruments. As of December 31, 2022, we have one foreign exchange derivative with a notional hedged amount of 73.3 million. 
 Credit Risk 
 Credit risk includes the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of a derivative contract. If the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty will owe us, which creates credit risk for us. If the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we will owe the counterparty and, therefore, do not have credit risk. We seek to minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties. 
 70 

LIBOR Transition 
 The Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA in the United Kingdom ceased compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR in 2021. In response, the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York organized the Alternative Reference Rates Committee which identified the SOFR as its preferred alternative to LIBOR in derivatives and other financial contracts. In November 2020, the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, the benchmark administrator for USD LIBOR rates, proposed extending the publication of certain commonly used USD LIBOR settings until June 30, 2023 and the FCA issued a statement supporting such proposal. It is not possible to predict the effect of these changes, including when LIBOR will cease to be available or when there will be sufficient liquidity in the SOFR markets. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The financial statements required by this item and the reports of the independent accountants thereon required by Item 14(a)(2) appear on pages F- 2 to F- 41 . See accompanying Index to Financial Statements on page F-1. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, and summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K was made under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (a) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is timely recorded, processed, summarized and reported and (b) include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recent quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 71 

Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on this assessment, management has determined that our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, was effective. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 
 Not applicable. 
 72 

PART III. 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the company s definitive proxy statement to be filed not later than April 30, 2023 with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the company s definitive proxy statement to be filed not later than April 30, 2023 with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the company s definitive proxy statement to be filed not later than April 30, 2023 with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the company s definitive proxy statement to be filed not later than April 30, 2023 with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item relating to our principal accountant, Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. ), is incorporated by reference to the company s definitive proxy statement to be filed not later than April 30, 2023 with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 
 73 

PART IV. 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 12, 2018 (File No. 333-223022)). 
 3.2 
 Articles of Amendment of Oaktree Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. dated June 13, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on June 14, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.3 
 Articles Supplementary of Oaktree Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on February 16, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.4 
 Second Articles of Amendment of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.5 
 Articles Supplementary of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.6 
 Certificate of Correction to Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. s Articles Supplementary (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.7 
 Third Articles of Amendment of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K on January 10, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.8 
 Fourth Articles of Amendment of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K on November 22, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.1 
 Share Repurchase Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.2 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on March 13, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.3 
 Description of Registrant's Securities. 
 4.4 
 Brookfield Share/OP Unit Repurchase Arrangement (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.5 
 Omnibus Assignment, Conversion and Redemption Agreement, dated June 29, 2022, by and between BUSI II-C L.P. and Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc., among others (filed as Exhibit 10 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant's report on Form 13D on July 1, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.1 
 First Amendment to Uncommitted Unsecured Line of Credit, dated November 10, 2022, but effective as of November 2, 2022, by and among Brookfield Corporate Treasury Limited, Brookfield REIT Operating Partnership L.P., and Brookfield US Holdings Inc (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on November 14, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.2 
 Dealer Manager Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, by and between Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. and Brookfield Oaktree Wealth Solutions LLC (filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K on November 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.3 
 Form of Selected Dealer Agreement (filed as Exhibit 1.2 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-11 on October 28, 2021 (File No. 333-255557) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.4 
 Form of Selected Dealer Agreement (filed as Exhibit 1.3 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-11 on October 28, 2021 (File No. 333-255557) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.5 
 Adviser Transition Agreement, dated July 15, 2021, by and between Brookfield REIT Adviser LLC and Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.6 
 Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, dated March 21, 2022, by and among Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc., Brookfield REIT Operating Partnership L.P. and Brookfield REIT Adviser LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.7 
 Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Brookfield REIT Operating Partnership L.P. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 74 

10.8 
 Option Investments Sub-Advisory Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, by and among Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc., Brookfield REIT Operating Partnership L.P., Brookfield REIT Adviser LLC and Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.9 
 Amendment No. 1 to Option Investments Sub-Advisory Agreement, dated March 21, 2022, by and among Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc., Brookfield REIT Operating Partnership L.P., Brookfield REIT Adviser LLC and Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.10 
 Option Investments Purchase Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, by and among Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc., Brookfield REIT Operating Partnership L.P., Brookfield REIT Adviser LLC, and Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.11 
 Contribution Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, by and among BUSI II-C L.P., Brookfield REIT Operating Partnership L.P. and Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.12 
 Contribution Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, by and among BOP Nest Domain JV LLC, BOP Nest Domain LLC, BOP Nest Nashville JV LLC, BOP Nest Nashville LLC and Brookfield REIT Operating Partnership L.P. (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.13 
 Subscription Agreement, dated November 30, 2021, by and among BUSI II-C L.P. and Brookfield REIT Operating Partnership L.P. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on December 2, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.14 
 Trademark License Agreement, dated November 2, 2021, by and between Brookfield Office Properties Inc. and Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.15 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11/A, as filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 12, 2018 (file number 333-223022)). 
 10.16 
 Independent Director Compensation Policy (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.17 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.18 
 Uncommitted Unsecured Line of Credit, dated November 2, 2021, by and between Brookfield US Holdings Inc. and Brookfield REIT Operating Partnership L.P. (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.19 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, dated August 9, 2022, by and among Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc., Brookfield REIT Operating Partnership L.P. and Brookfield REIT Adviser LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on August 12, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant. 
 24.1 
 Power of Attorney, included in signature page. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1+ 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2+ 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 75 

Filed herewith. 
 Denotes management contract or compensation plan or agreement. 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. + This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibit shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 76 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. March 16, 2023 /s/ Zachary B. Vaughan Date Zachary B. Vaughan Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Zachary B. Vaughan and Dana E. Petitto his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or his or her substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done or by virtue hereof. 
 77 

March 16, 2023 /s/ Zachary B. Vaughan Date Zachary B. Vaughan Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 16, 2023 /s/ Dana E. Petitto Date Dana E. Petitto Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 16, 2023 /s/ Theodore C. Hanno Date Theodore C. Hanno Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) March 16, 2023 /s/ Manish H. Desai Date Manish H. Desai President and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Operating Officer) March 16, 2023 /s/ Brian W. Kingston Date Brian W. Kingston Chairman of the Board March 16, 2023 /s/ Lori-Ann Beausoleil Date Lori-Ann Beausoleil Director March 16, 2023 /s/ Richard W. Eaddy Date Richard W. Eaddy Director March 16, 2023 /s/ Thomas F. Farley Date Thomas F. Farley Director March 16, 2023 /s/ Lis S. Wigmore Date Lis S. Wigmore Director March 16, 2023 /s/ Robert Stelzl Date Robert Stelzl Director 
 
 78 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 2 02 1 
 F- 4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 F- 6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 F- 7 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 2 0 20 
 F- 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 
 Financial Statement Schedule: Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation as of December 31, 202 2 
 F- 40 
 
 Financial statement schedules other than those listed are omitted as they are not applicable or the required or equivalent information has been included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. 
 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholder s equity, and cash flows, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the index (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors of Oaktree Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations, Changes in Stockholders Equity, and Cash Flows of Oaktree Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the results of the Company's operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 We served as the Company s auditor from 2018 to 2020. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 30, 2021 
 
 F-3 

Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Investments in real estate, net Investments in real estate-related loans and securities, net Investments in unconsolidated entities Intangible assets, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts and other receivables, net Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Equity Mortgage loans, secured term loan and secured credit facility, net Unsecured revolving credit facility Due to affiliates Intangible liabilities, net Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Subscriptions received in advance Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Redeemable non-controlling interests attributable to OP unitholders Stockholders Equity Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued nor outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Common stock - Class S shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Common stock - Class I shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Common stock - Class T shares, par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued nor outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Common stock - Class D shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and no shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Common stock - Class C shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Common stock - Class E shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Stockholders Equity Non-controlling interests attributable to third party joint ventures Non-controlling interests attributable to preferred stockholders Total Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

The following table presents the assets and liabilities of investments consolidated as variable interest entities for which the Company is determined to be the primary beneficiary in thousands). 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Investments in real estate, net Intangible assets, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts and other receivables, net Other assets Total Assets Liabilities Mortgage loans, net Intangible liabilities, net Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Total Liabilities 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Rental revenues Other revenues Total revenues Expenses Rental property operating General and administrative Organizational expenses Management fee Performance fee Performance participation allocation Depreciation and amortization Total expenses Other (expense) income Income from real estate-related loans and securities Interest expense ) ) ) Realized gain on real estate investments, net Unrealized (loss) gain on investments, net ) Realized gain on financial instruments Total other (expense) income ) Net (loss) income ) ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures Net income attributable to non-controlling interests - preferred stockholders ) Net loss (income) attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests ) Net (loss) income attributable to Brookfield REIT stockholders ) ) Per common share data: Net (loss) income per share of common stock - basic and diluted Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands) 
 Par Value Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class S Common Stock Class C Common Stock Class E Common Stock Class D Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Non-controlling Interests Attributable to Third Party Joint Ventures Non-controlling Interests Attributable to Preferred Shareholders Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 
 ) Common stock issued Stock-based compensation Distribution reinvestment Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions ) ) ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) ) Offering costs ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 ) Common stock issued Preferred equity issued Stock-based compensation Distribution reinvestment Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions ) ) ) ) Adjustment to non-controlling interests related to Ezlyn disposition ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) ) Offering Costs ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Allocation to redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) Common stock issued Stock-based compensation Distribution reinvestment Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions ) ) ) ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) ) Offering Costs ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) ) ) Allocation to redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Management fees Performance fees Performance Participation Allocation Organization costs Amortization of above and below market leases and lease inducements ) ) Amortization of restricted stock grants Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of origination fees and discount ) ) ) Paid-in-kind interest ) Net gain on disposition of real estate ) Realized gain on investments in real estate-related loans and securities ) ) ) Unrealized loss (gain) on investments ) ) Distributions of earnings from unconsolidated entities Changes in assets and liabilities: Increase in lease inducements and origination costs ) ) Increase in other assets ) ) ) Increase in accounts and other receivables ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Increase (decrease) in due to affiliates ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Acquisitions of real estate ) ) ) Purchase of real estate-related loans and securities ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate-related loans and securities Proceeds from principal repayments of real estate-related loans Proceeds from disposition of real estate Refund (payment) of investment acquisition deposits ) Capital improvements to real estate ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of preferred membership interests Purchase of trading securities ) Proceeds from sale of trading securities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings from mortgage loans and secured term loan Borrowings from secured credit facility Repayment of mortgage loans ) ) Repayment of secured credit facility ) Proceeds from affiliate line of credit Repayments of affiliate line of credit ) Proceeds from issuance of OP units Proceeds from issuance of preferred units Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Subscriptions received in advance Payment of organizational and offering costs ) ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions ) ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests attributable to preferred stockholders ) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Net change in cash and cash-equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash-equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash-equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash to the consolidated balance sheets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplemental disclosures: Interest paid Non-cash investing and financing activities: Issuance of Brookfield REIT OP units as consideration for acquisitions of real estate Issuance of Class E common stock as consideration for acquisitions of real estate Disposition of real estate Preferred membership interest acquired from disposition of real estate Transfer of mortgage loan associated with disposition Assumption of mortgages in conjunction with acquisitions of real estate Accrued distributions Accrued stockholder servicing fee due to affiliate Management fees paid in shares Accrued capital expenditures Accrued repurchases in accounts payable Accrued repurchases in due to affiliates Accrued offering costs Additions of furniture, fixtures and equipment in lieu of rent 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 

1. 
 billion in shares of common stock (the Initial Public Offering ), which was initially declared effective on April 30, 2018 and terminated on November 2, 2021. The Company subsequently registered a follow-on offering with the SEC of up to billion in shares of common stock, consisting of up to billion in shares in its primary offering and up to billion in shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan, which was declared effective on November 2, 2021 (the Current Offering and with the Initial Public Offering, the Offering ). 
 Pursuant to the Offering, the Company is offering to the public any combination of classes of shares of its common stock, Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount. The publicly offered share classes have different upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and ongoing stockholder servicing fees. The purchase price per share for each class of common stock varies and generally equals the Company s prior month s net asset value NAV per share, as determined monthly, plus applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees. The Company intends to continue selling shares on a monthly basis. 
 In addition to the Offering, the Company is conducting private offerings of Class I and Class C shares to feeder vehicles that offer interests in such vehicles to non-U.S. persons. The offer and sale of Class I and Class C shares to the feeder vehicles is exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation S thereunder. The Company is also offering Class E shares to Brookfield and certain of its affiliates in one or more private offerings. The offer and sale of Class E shares is exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned investments in real estate, investment in an unconsolidated real estate venture, investments in real estate-related loans, and investments in real estate-related debt securities. The Company currently operates in reportable segments: multifamily, office, logistics, single-family rental, net lease and real estate-related loans and securities. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made changes to its reportable segments as detailed in Note 14. Investments in unconsolidated entities are included in the respective property segment as further described in Note 4. Financial results by segment are reported in Note 14. 

F-10 

2. 

F-11 

- years 
 Building and site improvements - years 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment - years 
 Tenant improvements Shorter of estimated useful life or lease term In-place lease intangibles Over lease term Above and below market leases Over lease term Lease origination costs Over lease term Present value of tax abatement savings Over tax abatement period 
 When assets are sold or retired, their costs and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts with the resulting gains or losses reflected in net income or loss for the period. 
 The Company s management reviews its real estate properties for impairment when there is an event or change in circumstances that indicates an impaired value. In reviewing the portfolio, the Company s management examines the type of asset, the economic situation in the area in which the asset is located, the economic situation in the industry in which the tenant is involved and the timeliness of the payments made by the tenant under its lease, changes in holding period, as well as any current correspondence that may have been had with the tenant, including property inspection reports. For each real estate asset for which indicators of impairment are identified, the Company performs a recoverability analysis that compares future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the Company s use and eventual disposition of the asset to its carrying value. If the undiscounted cash flow analysis yields an amount which is less than the asset s carrying amount, an impairment loss will be recorded equal to the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its estimated fair value. Since cash flows on real estate properties considered to be long-lived assets to be held and used are considered on an undiscounted basis to determine whether an asset has been impaired, the Company s strategy of holding properties over the long term directly decreases the likelihood of recording an impairment loss. If the Company s strategy changes or market conditions otherwise dictate an earlier sale date, an impairment loss may be recognized and such loss could be material to the Company s results. During the periods presented, such impairment occurred. 
 
 There were properties held for sale as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 F-12 

F-13 

million and million of net unrealized gains and million of net unrealized loss on its derivative instruments during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Realized gains or losses on foreign currency derivatives are recorded as Realized gain on financial instruments in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company recognized million of realized gains on its foreign currency contracts during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company did not have any realized gains on foreign currency contracts during the years ended 2021 and 2020. 
 Interest Rate Caps Foreign Currency Swap Contracts N/A 
 F-14 

F-15 

Investment in unconsolidated entities Derivatives Total 
 The following table details the Company s assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs in thousands): 
 Investment in unconsolidated entities Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Distributions of earnings from unconsolidated entities ) Unrealized loss on investments, net ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Valuation of Liabilities Not Measured at Fair Value 
 The fair value of the Company s indebtedness is estimated by modeling the cash flows required by the Company s debt agreements and discounting them back to the present value using an appropriate discount rate. Additionally, the Company considers current market rate and conditions by evaluating similar borrowing agreements with comparable loan-to-value ratios and credit profiles. The inputs used in determining the fair value of the Company s indebtedness are considered Level 3. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Company s mortgage loans and other indebtedness was approximately million below the outstanding principal balance. 
 million of organization and offering expenses on the Company s behalf through July 5, 2022, and the Company reimburses the Adviser for all such advanced expenses ratably over the 60 months following July 6, 2022. Additionally, the Adviser has agreed to advance organization and offering costs from July 6, 2022 through July 5, 2023, and the Company will reimburse the Adviser for all such advanced expenses ratably over the 60 months following July 6, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Adviser has advanced million of organization and offering expenses on the Company s behalf for expenses paid from July 6, 2022 through December 31, 2022. Any amount due to the Adviser but not paid is recorded as a component of Due to affiliates on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 F-16 

dilutive participating securities. 
 of the transaction price and ongoing stockholder servicing fees of per annum of the aggregate NAV for outstanding Class S and Class T shares with a limit of up to, in the aggregate, of the gross proceeds from such shares. The Dealer Manager is entitled to receive upfront selling commissions of up to of the transaction price and ongoing stockholder servicing fees of per annum of the aggregate NAV for outstanding Class D shares with a limit of up to, in the aggregate, of the gross proceeds from such shares. There are upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees or ongoing stockholder servicing fees with respect to Class I shares. The Dealer Manager has entered into agreements with the selected dealers distributing the Company s shares in the Current Offering, which provide, among other things, for the re-allowance of the full amount of the selling commissions and dealer manager fees and all or a portion of the stockholder servicing fees received by the Dealer Manager to such selected dealers. The Company accrues the full cost of the stockholder servicing fee as an offering cost at the time each Class T, Class S and Class D share is sold, which is recorded as a component of Due to affiliates in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Company previously accrued upfront selling commissions and ongoing stockholder servicing fees on a monthly basis as incurred and recorded the monthly accrual as a reduction of additional paid-in capital as part of the offering costs on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity. During the quarter ended September 30, 2021, the Company determined that it should have accrued the full cost of stockholder servicing fees for Class S shares at the time the shares were issued based on the contractual cap of 8.75 of gross proceeds (no Class T or Class D shares had been issued prior to September 30, 2021). The Company assessed the cumulative impact of the error on accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities and additional paid-in capital as of and for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. In accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No. 99, Materiality and SAB No. 108, Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements, the Company assessed the materiality of this correction on its financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. As a result of its analysis, the Company recorded a million reduction to equity and a corresponding increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities as of September 30, 2021. The Company concluded the effect was not material to its financial statements for any prior period nor the current year and, as such, those financial statements are not materially misstated. 
 F-17 

investments in real estate subject to ground leases and has therefore not recorded any right-of-use assets and lease liabilities in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments to amend the accounting for credit losses for certain financial instruments. The standard replaced the incurred loss impairment methodology pursuant to GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. As of January 1, 2022, the Company adopted this guidance and it did not have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3. 
 
 Land and land improvements Tenant improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Investments in real estate, net 
 Acquisitions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company acquired million of real estate investments, which were comprised of multifamily properties, logistics properties and single-family rental properties. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company acquired million of real estate investments, which were comprised of multifamily properties, logistics properties, net-lease property and single-family rental properties. 
 The following table provides further details of the properties acquired during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 
 Baltimore, MD Multifamily September 2021 Domain Orlando, FL Multifamily November 2021 The Burnham Nashville, TN Multifamily November 2021 6123-6227 Monroe Ct Morton Grove, IL Logistics November 2021 8400 Westphalia Road Upper Marlboro, MD Logistics November 2021 McLane Distribution Center Lakeland, FL Logistics November 2021 Flats on Front Wilmington, NC Multifamily December 2021 Verso Apartments Beaverton, OR Multifamily December 2021 DreamWorks Animation Studios Glendale, CA Net Lease December 2021 Single-Family Rentals Various Single-Family Rental Various 2021 2626 South Side Flats Pittsburgh, PA Multifamily January 2022 2003 Beaver Road Landover, MD Logistics February 2022 187 Bartram Parkway Franklin, IN Logistics February 2022 The Parker Alexandria, VA Multifamily March 2022 Briggs Union Mount Laurel, NJ Multifamily April 2022 Single-Family Rentals Various Single-Family Rental Various 2022 
 (1) Purchase price is inclusive of closing costs. 
 F-18 

Land and land improvements Tenant improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment In-place lease intangibles Lease origination costs Tax abatement intangible Above-market lease intangibles Below-market lease intangibles ) ) Total purchase price (1) 
 Assumed debt (2) 
 Net purchase price 
 (1) Purchase price is inclusive of closing costs. (2) Refer to Note 9 for additional details on the Company s mortgage loans and indebtedness. 

4. 
 interest in Principal Place, a net lease property located in London, United Kingdom, through an indirect interest in the joint venture that owns the property. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the Company s interest in Principal Place was million and million, respectively. 
 On November 2, 2021, the Company sold its ownership interest in Ezlyn, a multifamily property, to an affiliate of the Oaktree Adviser for million of consideration, consisting of million of cash and a million preferred equity interest in an affiliate of Oaktree. In connection with the Ezlyn disposition, the Company recognized a realized gain on sale of million and recorded the preferred equity interest using the equity method of accounting. On December 31, 2021, the Company assigned million of its preferred equity interest to the affiliate of the Oaktree Adviser for million of cash. As of December 31, 2021, the Company s carrying value of its preferred equity interest was million. On January 18, 2022, the Company assigned its remaining million preferred equity interest to the affiliate of the Oaktree Adviser for million of cash. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, investments in unconsolidated entities were million and million, respectively. 
 The following tables provide summarized financial information of the joint venture that owns Principal Place as of and for the periods set forth below in thousands): 
 Total Liabilities Total Equity 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 For the period November 2, 2021 through December 31, 2021 Total Revenues Total Expenses Net Loss ) ) 
 
 F-19 

5. 
 Lease origination costs Lease inducements Tax intangibles Above-market lease intangibles Total intangible assets Accumulated amortization: In-place lease intangibles ) ) Lease origination costs ) ) Lease inducements ) ) Tax intangibles ) ) Above-market lease intangibles ) ) Total accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net Intangible liabilities: Below-market lease intangibles ) ) Accumulated amortization Intangible liabilities, net ) ) 
 
 The weighted average amortization periods of the Company s intangible assets is months and intangible liabilities is months. 
 
 The following table details the Company s future amortization of intangibles for each of the next five years and thereafter as of December 31, 2022 in thousands): 
 In-place Lease Intangibles Above-market Lease Intangibles Other Intangibles Below-market Lease Intangibles 2023 ) 2024 ) 2025 ) 2026 ) 2027 ) Thereafter ) Total ) 

F-20 

6. 
 Real estate-related securities Total investments in real estate-related loans and securities 

December 2023 Principal due at maturity ) The Avery Senior Loan (2) 
 The Avery Condominium San Francisco, California L+ 
 February 2023 (3) 
 Principal due at maturity (4) 
 ) The Avery Mezzanine Loan (2) 
 The Avery Condominium San Francisco, California L+ 
 February 2023 (3) 
 Principal due at maturity (4) 
 ) Total ) 
 (1) The term L refers to the one-month US dollar-denominated LIBOR. As of December 31, 2022, one-month LIBOR was equal to . 
 (2) The Company s investment is held through its membership interest in an entity which aggregates the Company s interest with interests held by other funds managed by the Sub-Adviser. The Company has been allocated its proportionate share of the loan based on its membership interest in the aggregating entity. 
 (3) The Sub-Adviser is negotiating a loan modification with the borrower. 
 (4) The loan agreement requires mandatory prepayments simultaneous with the closing of the sale of any condominium unit. During the year ended December 31, 2022, t he Company received aggregate net repayments of million. 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 Investment Collateral Interest Rate (1) 
 Maturity Date Payment Terms Face Amount Unamortized Discount/Origination Fees Carrying Amount IMC/AMC Bond Investment International Markets Center AmericasMart Atlanta L+ 
 December 2023 Principal due at maturity ) 111 Montgomery (2) 
 The 111 Montgomery Street Condominium Brooklyn, New York L+ 
 February 2023 Principal due at maturity (3) 
 ) The Avery Senior Loan (2) 
 The Avery Condominium San Francisco, California L+ 
 February 2023 Principal due at maturity (3) 
 ) The Avery Mezzanine Loan (2) 
 The Avery Condominium San Francisco, California L+ 
 February 2023 Principal due at maturity (3) 
 ) Total ) 
 (1) The term L refers to the one-month US dollar-denominated LIBOR. As of December 31, 2021, one-month LIBOR was equal to . 
 (2) The Company s investment is held through its membership interest in an entity which aggregates the Company s interest with interests held by other funds managed by the Sub-Adviser. The Company has been allocated its proportionate share of the loan based on its membership interest in the aggregating entity. 
 (3) The loan agreement requires mandatory prepayments simultaneous with the closing of the sale of any condominium unit. During the year ended December 31, 2021, t he Company received aggregate net repayments of million. 

F-21 

November 2025 CMBS - fixed 10 June 2024 RMBS - floating 8 L+ 
 November 2024 RMBS - fixed 24 February 2026 Corporate bonds 1 March 2029 Total 76 July 2025 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 Type of Security Number of Positions Weighted Average Coupon (1) 
 Weighted Average Maturity Date (2) 
 Face Amount Cost Basis Fair Value CMBS - floating 4 L+ 
 February 2030 Total 4 L+ 
 February 2030 
 (1) The term L refers to the relevant floating benchmark rates, which include USD LIBOR and Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), as applicable to each security and loan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, one-month LIBOR was equal to and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, SOFR was equal to and , respectively. 
 (2) Weighted average maturity date is based on the fully extended maturity date of the instruments. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded net unrealized losses and net realized gains on its investments in real estate-related securities of million and million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded net unrealized gains and net realized gains on its investments in real estate-related securities of million and million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded net unrealized gains and net realized gains on its investments in real estate-related securities of million and million, respectively. Such amounts are recorded as components of Other income (expense) on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 7. 
 Accounts receivable Interest receivable Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Total accounts and other receivables, net Other assets December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Trading securities Derivative instruments Prepaid expenses Other Acquisition Deposits Total other assets 
 F-22 

8. 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses Distribution payable Real estate taxes payable Accrued interest expense Tenant security deposits Prepaid rent Total accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

9. 
 
 May 2029 Two Liberty Center mortgage loan L+ 
 August 2024 Lakes at West Covina mortgage loan L+ 
 February 2025 Arbors of Las Colinas mortgage loan SOFR+ 
 January 2031 1110 Key Federal Hill mortgage loan October 2028 Domain mortgage loan SOFR+ 
 December 2026 DreamWorks Animation Studios mortgage loan March 2029 Briggs Union mortgage loan SOFR+ 
 December 2027 Secured Multifamily Term Loan SOFR+ 
 March 2027 Secured Credit Facility (3)(4) 
 SOFR+ 
 January 2025 Affiliate Line of Credit (5) 
 SOFR+ 
 November 2023 Total indebtedness Less: deferred financing costs, net ) ) Total indebtedness, net 
 (1) The term L refers to the one-month US dollar-denominated LIBOR. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, one-month LIBOR was equal to and , respectively. The term SOFR refers to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, SOFR was and , respectively. 
 (2) Includes the fully extended maturity date for loans with extension options that are at the Company s discretion and the Company currently expects to be able to exercise. (3) The Company assumed debt totaling million in connection with the acquisition of Domain and The Burnham. The debt was refinanced in November 2021 with a million mortgage loan secured by Domain and a million borrowing on the Secured Credit Facility secured by The Burnham. 
 (4) As of December 31, 2022, borrowings on the Secured Credit Facility were secured by the following properties: 6123-6227 Monroe Court, 2003 Beaver Road, 187 Bartram Parkway, and certain properties in the Single Family Rental Portfolio. In November 2022, the Company repaid an aggregate million of the principal balance outstanding related to borrowings secured by 8400 Westphalia Road and McLane Distribution Center. In December 2022, the Company repaid million of the principal balance outstanding related to borrowing secured by Briggs Union. As of December 31, 2021, borrowings on the Secured Credit Facility were secured by the following properties: The Burnham, Flats on Front, Verso Apartments, 8400 Westphalia Road, 6123-6227 Monroe Court, and McLane Distribution Center. 
 (5) Borrowings under the Affiliate Line of Credit bear interest at a rate of the lowest then-current interest rate for any similar credit product offered by a third-party lender to the Company or its subsidiaries or, if not available, SOFR plus a credit adjustment and a margin. 
 
 F-23 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 The mortgage loans, Secured Multifamily Term Loan, and Secured Credit Facility are subject to various financial and operational covenants. These covenants require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios, which may include leverage, debt yield, and debt service coverage, among others. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is in compliance with all of its loan covenants that could result in a default under such agreements. At Two Liberty Center, cash flows from the property are currently held in a restricted cash account due to a debt service coverage ratio requirement. 
 Mortgage Loans 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company obtained financing of billion and million, respectively, in mortgage loans related to its properties, which were subject to customary terms and conditions. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company repaid million and million, respectively, of mortgage loans. 
 Secured Multifamily Term Loan 
 In March 2022, the Company entered into a term loan (the Secured Multifamily Term Loan providing for a senior secured loan with an aggregate principal amount of million. Borrowings on the Secured Multifamily Term Loan are secured by The Burnham, Flats on Front, Verso Apartments, 2626 South Side Flats and The Parker. Borrowings under the Secured Multifamily Term Loan bear interest at a rate of SOFR plus . The Secured Multifamily Term Loan matures in March 2025, and has two one-year extension options, subject to certain conditions. 
 Secured Credit Facility 
 In November 2021, the Company entered into a credit agreement with a lender (the Secured Credit Facility providing for a senior secured credit facility to be used for the acquisition or refinancing of properties. Borrowings on the Secured Credit Facility are secured by certain properties owned by the Company. 
 The initial maximum aggregate principal amount of the facility was million, which was increased to million in March 2022. In May 2022, the interest rate benchmark was converted from LIBOR to SOFR plus . The Secured Credit Facility had an initial maturity date in November 2022, which was extended to January 2023. 
 In December 2022, the Company refinanced the Secured Credit Facility with the lender. The maximum aggregate principal amount of the facility was amended to million, inclusive of a million revolving credit amount which the Company may repay and re-borrow upon request, subject to certain conditions. The Company may increase the available capacity on the Secured Credit Facility by an additional billion, subject to lender approval. The Secured Credit Facility bears interest at a rate of SOFR plus and has a maturity date of January 2025. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million and million, respectively, of outstanding borrowings on the Secured Credit Facility. 
 Affiliate Line of Credit 
 million. The Affiliate Line of Credit had an initial maturity date of November 2, 2022, and has one-year extension options subject to the lender s approval. Effective November 2, 2022, the maturity date was extended to November 2, 2023, and the interest rate benchmark was converted from LIBOR to SOFR. Borrowings under the Affiliate Line of Credit bear interest at a rate of the lowest then-current interest rate for any similar credit product offered by a third-party lender to the Company or its subsidiaries or, if not available, SOFR plus a credit adjustment and a margin. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and million, respectively, of outstanding borrowings on the Affiliate Line of Credit. 
 F-24 

10. 
 of the Company s NAV on its Class C, Class D, Class I, Class S and Class T shares of common stock (no management fee is paid on the Class E shares), payable monthly, as compensation for the services it provides to the Company. Prior to the Adviser Transition, the Oaktree Adviser was entitled to an annual management fee equal to of the Company s NAV, payable monthly, as compensation for the services it provides to the Company. The Oaktree Advisor agreed to waive the management fee through May 2020. The management fee can be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash or shares of the Company s common stock. To date, the Adviser, and previously the Oaktree Adviser, has elected to receive the management fee in Class I and Class E shares of the Company s common stock. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred million, million, and million, respectively, of management fees. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued unregistered Class I shares of common stock and unregistered Class E shares of common stock to the Adviser for the payment of 2022 management fees. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company issued and unregistered Class I shares of common stock to the Oaktree Adviser for payment of 2021 and 2020 management fees, respectively. The Company had accrued payables of million and million related to management fees as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in Due to affiliates on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. During January 2023, the Company issued unregistered Class I shares of common stock to the Adviser as payment of the million management fees accrued as of December 31, 2022. During February 2022, the Company issued unregistered Class E shares of common stock to the Adviser as payment of the million management fees accrued as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased Class I shares of common stock and Class E shares of common stock from the Adviser for a total repurchase amount of million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased Class I shares of common stock from the Oaktree Adviser for a total repurchase amount of million. 
 The Adviser, and prior to the Adviser Transition the Oaktree Adviser, is entitled to a performance fee based on the total return of the Company s Class C, Class D, Class I, Class S and Class T shares of common stock (no performance fee is paid on the Class E shares). Total return is defined as distributions paid or accrued plus the change in the Company s NAV, adjusted for subscriptions and repurchases. Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the performance fee is equal to of the total return in excess of a total return (after recouping any loss carryforward amount), subject to a catch-up. The performance fee becomes payable at the end of each calendar year and can be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash, shares of the Company s common stock, or units of the Operating Partnership. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized million, million, and million, respectively, of performance fees. 
 The performance fee for 2022 became payable on December 31, 2022, and in January 2023 the Company issued shares of Class I common stock to the Adviser as payment of the 2022 performance fee. The performance fee for 2021 earned by the Oaktree Advisor became payable on the date of the Adviser Transition, and in December 2021 the Company issued Class I shares of common stock to the Oaktree Adviser as payment of the 2021 performance fee earned by the Oaktree Adviser through the date of the Adviser Transition. The performance fee for 2020 earned by the Oaktree Adviser became payable on December 31, 2020, and was paid in cash in April 2021. In December 2021, the Company repurchased shares of Class I common stock from the Oaktree Adviser for a total repurchase amount of million. 
 For the period November 3, 2021 through December 31, 2021, the Special Limited Partner, an affiliate of Brookfield, received a performance participation allocation from the Operating Partnership based on the total return of the Operating Partnership. Total return is defined as distributions paid or accrued plus the change in the Company s NAV, adjusted for subscriptions and repurchases. Under the Operating Partnership agreement, the annual total return was allocated 100 to the Special Limited Partner only after the other unit holders received a total return of (after recouping any loss carryforward amount) and such allocation continued until the allocation between the Special Limited Partner and all other Operating Partnership unit holders was equal to and , respectively. The annual distribution of the performance participation interest was to be paid in Operating Partnership units or cash, at the election of the Special Limited Partner. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized million of performance participation allocation expense in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations for the period November 3, 2021 through December 31, 2021. Effective January 1, 2022, the Company amended the Advisory Agreement and the Operating Partnership agreement to provide for the payment of a performance fee to the Advisor and eliminate the performance participation allocation. 
 The performance participation allocation for the period November 3, 2021 through December 31, 2021 became payable on December 31, 2021, and in March 2022 the Company caused the Operating Partnership to issue Class E units in the Operating Partnership Class E OP Units to the Special Limited Partner as payment of the 2021 performance participation allocation. In June 2022, all such Class E OP Units were converted to unregistered Class I shares of common stock at 
 F-25 

of gross proceeds limit at the time such shares are sold. The Dealer Manager has entered into agreements with the selected dealers distributing the Company s shares in the Offering, which provide, among other things, for the re-allowance of the full amount of the selling commissions and dealer manager fees and all or a portion of the stockholder servicing fees received by the Dealer Manager to such selected dealers. 
 Acquisition of Investments 
 On November 2, 2021, the Company acquired multifamily properties and a interest in a joint venture that owns a net lease property (the Brookfield Portfolio from an affiliate of Brookfield. The aggregate consideration was million, which was equal to the fair value of the net assets of the Brookfield Portfolio based on third-party appraisals of the properties. The Company issued shares of Class E common stock and Class E OP Units as consideration for the acquisitions. In June 2022, of such Class E OP Units were converted to Class I shares of the Company s common stock at the then-applicable conversion factor per unit based on the most recently determined NAV of Class E OP Units and Class I shares. 
 Disposition of Investments 
 On November 2, 2021, the Company sold its interest in a multifamily property, Ezlyn, to an affiliate of the Oaktree Adviser for million. The sale price was equal to the most recently appraised value from a third-party appraiser obtained by the Company in connection with determining the Company s NAV. The Company received net proceeds of million, which consisted of million of cash and a million preferred equity interest in an affiliate of Oaktree. On December 31, 2021, the Company assigned million of its preferred equity interest to the affiliate of the Oaktree Adviser for million of cash. On January 18, 2022, the Company assigned its remaining million preferred equity interest to the affiliate of the Oaktree Adviser for million. 
 On November 26, 2021, the Company sold a real estate-related loan, Atlantis Mezzanine Loan, to an affiliate of Brookfield for million. The sale price was equal to the most recently appraised value from a third-party appraiser obtained by the Company in connection with determining the Company s NAV. 
 
 F-26 

million. For further details on the Affiliate Line of Credit, see Note 9 to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Oaktree Line of Credit 
 On June 5, 2020, the Company entered into a line of credit (the Oaktree Credit Agreement with an affiliate of Oaktree providing for a discretionary, unsecured, uncommitted credit facility in a maximum aggregate principal amount of million. Borrowings under the Oaktree Credit Agreement incurred interest at a rate of the then-current rate offered by a third-party lender, or, if no such rate was available, LIBOR plus . The Oaktree Credit Agreement was terminated on November 2, 2021, the date of the Adviser Transition. 
 Brookfield Repurchase Arrangement 
 One or more affiliates of Brookfield (individually or collectively, as the context may require, the Brookfield Investor was issued shares of the Company s common stock and Class E OP Units in connection with its contribution of the Brookfield Portfolio on November 2, 2021. The Company and the Operating Partnership have entered into a repurchase arrangement with the Brookfield Investor (the Brookfield Repurchase Arrangement pursuant to which the Company and the Operating Partnership will offer to repurchase shares of common stock or Operating Partnership units from the Brookfield Investor at a price per unit equal to the most recently determined NAV per share or unit immediately prior to each repurchase. The Brookfield Investor has agreed to not seek repurchase of the shares of common stock and Operating Partnership units that it owns if doing so would bring the value of its equity holdings in the Company and the Operating Partnership below million. In addition, the Brookfield Investor has agreed to hold all of the shares of common stock and Operating Partnership units that it received in consideration for the contribution of the Brookfield Portfolio until the earlier of (i) the first date that the Company s NAV reaches billion and (ii) the date that is the third anniversary of November 2, 2021. Following such date, the Brookfield Investor may cause the Company to repurchase its shares and Operating Partnership units (above the million minimum), in an amount equal to the sum of (a) the amount available under the Company s share repurchase plan s monthly and quarterly caps (after accounting for third-party investor repurchases) and (b) of the amount by which net proceeds from the Offering and the Company s private offerings of common stock for a given month exceed the amount of repurchases for such month pursuant to the Company s share repurchase plan. The Company will not effect any such repurchase during any month in which the full amount of all shares requested to be repurchased by third-party investors under the share repurchase plan is not repurchased. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company and the Operating Partnership did not repurchase any shares or Operating Partnership units from the Brookfield Investor as part of the Brookfield Repurchase Arrangement. 
 Oaktree Repurchase Agreement 
 On September 11, 2019, the board of directors of the Company, including a majority of the independent directors, adopted an arrangement with the Oaktree Investor (the Oaktree Repurchase Agreement to repurchase any shares of the Company s Class I common stock that Oaktree Investor, an affiliate of the Oaktree Adviser, acquired prior to the breaking of escrow in the Initial Public Offering. The board of directors approved the Oaktree Repurchase Agreement in recognition of the Oaktree Investor s intent to subscribe for shares of the Company s Class I common stock in an amount such that, together with all other subscriptions for the Company s common stock, the escrow minimum offering amount would be satisfied. As of December 6, 2019, the Company satisfied the minimum offering requirement and the Company s board of directors authorized the release of proceeds from escrow. As of such date, the escrow agent released gross proceeds of approximately million (including approximately million that was funded by the Oaktree Investor) to the Company in connection with the sale of shares of the Company s common stock. Under the Oaktree Repurchase Agreement, subject to certain limitations, on the last calendar day of each month the Company will offer to repurchase shares of its common stock from the Oaktree Investor in an aggregate dollar amount (the Monthly Repurchase Amount equal to (i) the net proceeds from new subscriptions that month less (ii) the aggregate repurchase price (excluding any amount of the aggregate repurchase price paid using cash flow from operations not 
 F-27 

per share initial cost of the shares and (b) the transaction price in effect for the Class I shares at the time of repurchase. The repurchase arrangement is not subject to any time limit and will continue until the Company has repurchased all of the Oaktree Investor s shares. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company repurchased shares for million and shares for million from the Oaktree Investor. On July 31, 2021, the Company repurchased the remaining shares subject to the Oaktree Repurchase Agreement and there are no shares outstanding subject to the Oaktree Repurchase Agreement. 
 Option Investments Purchase Agreement 
 The Company entered into an Option Investments Purchase Agreement with Oaktree on November 2, 2021, pursuant to which Oaktree will have the right to purchase the Operating Partnership s entire interest in four properties (Anzio Apartments, Arbors of Las Colinas, Two Liberty Center, and Lakes at West Covina), four real estate-related loan investments (IMC/AMC Bond Investment, 111 Montgomery, The Avery Senior Loan, The Avery Mezzanine Loan), and one real estate-related security investment (BX 2019 IMC G). Oaktree will have the right to purchase these investments for a period of 12 months following the earlier of (i) 18 months after November 2, 2021, the date of completion of the Adviser Transition, and (ii) the date on which the Company notifies Oaktree that it has issued in the aggregate billion of the Company s common stock to non-affiliates since November 2, 2021, at a price equal to the fair value of the applicable Option Investments, as determined in connection with the Company s most recently determined NAV immediately prior to the closing of such purchase. As of December 31, 2022, the conditions to commence the option period have not occurred. 
 Brookfield Subscription Agreement 
 On November 30, 2021, the Operating Partnership and the Brookfield Investor entered into a subscription agreement (the Brookfield Subscription Agreement pursuant to which the Brookfield Investor agreed to purchase up to million of Class E OP Units upon the request of the general partner of the Operating Partnership, of which the Company is the sole member. On December 1, 2021, the Brookfield Investor was issued Class E OP Units in exchange for million. On January 3, 2022, the Brookfield Investor was issued Class E OP Units in exchange for million. On June 29, 2022, the Company, the Operating Partnership and the Brookfield Investor entered into an agreement pursuant to which all such Class E OP Units issued to the Brookfield Investor in connection with the Brookfield Subscription Agreement were converted to Class I shares of the Company s common stock at the then-applicable conversion factor per unit based on the most recently determined NAV of Class E OP Units and Class I shares. The Class I shares held by the Brookfield Investor in connection with the Brookfield Subscription Agreement are not subject to the Brookfield Repurchase Arrangement, but the Brookfield Investor may request the Company repurchase its shares, in whole or in part, subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s share repurchase plan. 
 Affiliate Service Provider Expenses 
 The Company may retain certain of the Adviser s affiliates for necessary services relating to the Company s investments or its operations, including any administrative services, construction, special servicing, leasing, development, property oversight and other property management services, as well as services related to group purchasing, healthcare, consulting/brokerage, capital markets/credit origination, loan servicing, property, title and/or other types of insurance, management consulting and other similar operational matters. 
 The Company has engaged Brookfield Properties, an affiliate of Brookfield, to provide operational services (including, without limitation, property management, leasing, and construction management) and corporate support services (including, without limitation, accounting and administrative services) for the Company and certain of its properties. The Company has also engaged Conrex, an affiliate of Brookfield, to provide operational services (including, without limitation, property management, renovation, leasing, and turnover and maintenance oversight) for the Company s single-family rental properties. 
 The Company also reimburses Brookfield Properties, Conrex and other Brookfield operating affiliates for operating personnel expenses, including, but not limited to, employees who provide on-site maintenance, leasing, administrative and operational support services. Such employees may be fully dedicated or a shared resource amongst other investments. Employees compensation and expenses continue to be an expense of the affiliate, and if they are a shared resource, the affiliate allocates such expense to the Company according to their policies and procedures. Personnel expenses may include IT costs, HR support (i.e. payroll and benefits), rent and office services, basic financial services (i.e. account receivables, bank account administration), professional development, travel, professional fees and similar expenses. 
 
 F-28 

Single-family rental leasing, maintenance and turnover oversight fees (1) 
 Capitalized construction management fees (2) 
 Capitalized single-family rental renovation oversight fees (2) 
 Reimbursed personnel costs (3) 
 Total 
 (1) Included in Rental property operating expenses on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. (2) Included in Investments in real estate, net on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. (3) million included in Rental property operating expenses and million included in General and administrative expenses on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 A Brookfield affiliate in Luxembourg provides company secretarial, accounting and administrative services to the Company s unconsolidated non-U.S. investment. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred and , respectively, for these services at its ownership share. 
 Captive Insurance Company 
 BPG Bermuda Insurance Limited BAM Insurance Captive ), an affiliate of Brookfield, provides multifamily property and liability insurance for certain of the Company s multifamily properties. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid BAM Insurance Captive million and million, respectively, for insurance premiums. There were no premiums paid to BAM Insurance Captive for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Affiliate Title Service Provider 
 Horizon Land Services Horizon ), an affiliate of Brookfield, provides title insurance for certain of the Company s properties. Horizon acts as an agent for one or more underwriters in issuing title policies and/or providing support services in connection with investments by the Company. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid Horizon million and million, respectively, for title services. There were no services provided by Horizon to the Company for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Due to Affiliates 
 Advanced organization and offering costs Accrued performance fee Other (1) 
 Accrued management fee Accrued affiliate service provider expenses OP Units Distributions Payable Stock repurchase payable to Oaktree Adviser for management and performance fees Accrued performance participation allocation Total 
 (1) Represents costs advanced by the Adviser and the Sub-Adviser on behalf of the Company for general corporate expenses provided by unaffiliated third parties. 
 F-29 

11. 
 billion in shares in its primary offering and up to billion in shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan. The Initial Public Offering terminated upon the commencement of the Current Offering. Pursuant to the Current Offering, the Company is offering to sell any combination of four classes of shares of its common stock, Class T shares, Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount. The share classes have different upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and ongoing stockholder servicing fees. The Company is also offering Class I, Class C and Class E shares in private offerings exempt from registration. Other than the differences in upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees, ongoing stockholder servicing fees, management fees and performance fees, each class of common stock has the same economic and voting rights. 
 
 Class T common stock Class S common stock Class D common stock Class C common stock Class E common stock Class I common stock 

F-30 

Table of Contents 

 Common stock issued Distribution reinvestment Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Independent directors restricted stock vested (2) 
 December 31, 2020 Common stock issued Distribution reinvestment Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Independent directors restricted stock vested (2) 
 December 31, 2021 Common stock issued 41,459 Distribution reinvestment Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2022 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, no Class T shares of common stock had been issued. 
 (2) The independent directors restricted stock grants represent an aggregate million, million and million of the annual compensation paid to the independent directors for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Each grant is amortized over the one year service period of such grant. The restricted stock generally vests one year from the date of the grant. In November 2021, the restricted stock grants related to the independent directors annual compensation for the year ended December 31, 2021, vested upon the resignation of the independent directions in connection with the Adviser Transition. The restricted stock grants related to the independent directors annual compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022, will vest in March 2023. 

F-31 

Table of Contents 

 Stockholder servicing fee per share of common stock ) ) Management fee per share of common stock ) ) ) ) Net distributions declared per share of common stock 
 (1) The Company issued its first Class D shares of common stock in June 2022, thus no distributions were declared for Class D prior to this date. 
 (2) The Company did not have any Class T shares of common stock issued or outstanding, thus no distributions were declared for Class T during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Class S Class I Class D (1) 
 Class T (1) 
 Class C (2) 
 Class E (3) 
 Aggregate gross distributions declared per share of common stock Stockholder servicing fee per share of common stock ) Net distributions declared per share of common stock 
 (1) The Company did not have any Class D or Class T shares of common stock issued or outstanding, thus no distributions were declared for Class D or Class T during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 (2) The Company issued its first Class C shares of common stock in March 2021, thus no distributions were declared for Class C prior to this date. 
 (3) The Company issued its first Class E shares of common stock in November 2021, thus no distributions were declared for Class E prior to this date. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Class S Class I Class D (1) 
 Class T (1) 
 Aggregate gross distributions declared per share of common stock Stockholder servicing fee per share of common stock ) Net distributions declared per share of common stock 
 (1) The Company did not have any Class D or Class T shares of common stock issued or outstanding, thus no distributions were declared for Class D or Class T during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

F-32 

Table of Contents 

 million and million of distributions for and shares of common stock, respectively. 
 Non-controlling Interests Attributable to Preferred Shareholders 
 Certain subsidiaries of the Company have elected to be treated as REITs for U.S. federal income tax purpose. These subsidiaries have issued preferred non-voting shares to be held by investors to ensure compliance with the Code requirement that REITs have at least 100 shareholders. The preferred shares have a price of and carry a annual dividend payable annually. As of December 31, 2022, there were of preferred non-voting shares outstanding. 
 Redeemable Non-controlling Interest 
 The Brookfield Investor was issued Class E OP Units in connection with its contribution of the Brookfield Portfolio on November 2, 2021, subsequent cash contributions to the Operating Partnership pursuant to the Brookfield Subscription Agreement, and the settlement of prior year performance participation allocation. Due to the ability of the Brookfield Investor to redeem its Class E OP Units for shares of common stock or cash, subject to certain restrictions, the Company has classified the Class E OP Units held by the Brookfield Investor as Redeemable non-controlling interest in mezzanine equity on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Redeemable non-controlling interest is recorded at the greater of the carrying amount, adjusted for its share of the allocation of income or loss and dividends, or the redemption value, which is equivalent to fair value, of such units at the end of each measurement period. 
 Limited Partner Asset Contributions Limited Partner Cash Contributions Settlement of prior year performance participation allocation Conversion to Class I shares ) GAAP Income Allocation ) Distributions ) ) Distributions Reinvested Fair Value Allocation Balance at the end of the year 

F-33 

Table of Contents 

 of its aggregate NAV as of the last day of the previous calendar month and, in any calendar quarter, to shares whose aggregate value is no more than of its aggregate NAV as of the last day of the previous calendar quarter. In the event that the Company determines to repurchase some but not all of the shares submitted for repurchase during any month, shares repurchased at the end of the month will be repurchased on a pro rata basis. All unsatisfied repurchase requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next month or quarter, or upon the recommencement of the share repurchase plan, as applicable. 
 Shares are repurchased at a price equal to the transaction price on the applicable repurchase date, subject to any early repurchase deduction. Shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year are repurchased at of the transaction price. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company repurchased , and shares of common stock representing a total of million, million and million, respectively, inclusive of repurchases from the Oaktree Investor pursuant to the Oaktree Repurchase Agreement totaling and shares of common stock for million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company satisfied all repurchase requests during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 

 12. 

13. 
 Variable lease payments Total rental revenues 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 

14. 
 reportable segments: multifamily, office, logistics, single-family rental, net lease and real estate-related loans and securities. The Company continually evaluates the financial information used by the chief operating decision maker CODM in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made the following changes to its reportable segments based on the information used by the CODM: (1) single-family rentals (previously a component of alternatives) was established as a separate reportable segment; and (2) net lease was established as a new reportable segment, consisting of DreamWorks Animation Studios (previously a component of alternatives) and the Company s unconsolidated investment in Principal Place (previously a component of investments in unconsolidated entities). Net lease consists of properties that are leased to a single tenant in which the tenant is generally responsible for all property-related expenses, including taxes, insurance, and maintenance. Comparative periods have been recast to reflect these changes. 
 The Company allocates resources and evaluates results based on the performance of each segment individually. The Company believes that segment net operating income is the key performance metric that captures the unique operating characteristics of each segment. 
 The following table sets forth the total assets by segment in thousands): 
 Office Logistics Single-Family Rental Net Lease Real Estate-Related Loans and Securities Other (Corporate) Total assets 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 

 Other revenues Total revenues Expenses: Rental property operating Total expenses Income from real estate-related loans and securities Segment net operating income Realized gain on real estate investments Realized gain on financial instruments Unrealized loss on investments ) Depreciation and amortization General and administrative expenses Management fee Performance fee Interest expense Net loss ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures Net income attributable to non-controlling interests - preferred stockholders ) Net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests Net loss attributable to stockholders ) 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 

 Other revenues Total revenues Expenses: Rental property operating Total expenses Income from real estate-related loans and securities Segment net operating income ) Realized gain on real estate investments Unrealized gain on investments Depreciation and amortization General and administrative expenses Organizational costs Management fee Performance fee Performance participation allocation Interest expense Net income Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests ) Net income attributable to stockholders 

The following table sets forth the financial results by segment for the year ended December 31, 2020 in thousands): 
 Multifamily Office Real Estate- Related Loans and Securities Total Revenues: Rental revenues Other revenues Total revenues Expenses: Rental property operating Total expenses Income from real estate-related loans and securities Segment net operating income Realized gain on investments Unrealized gain on investments Depreciation and amortization General and administrative expenses Management fee Performance fee Interest expense Net loss ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures Net loss attributable to stockholders ) 

F-38 

Table of Contents 

15. 
 
 million and a SOFR strike rate of . 

F-39 

Table of Contents 

 ) 1986 2019 (1) Arbors of Las Colinas Dallas, TX ) 1984 2020 (1) 1110 Key Federal Hill Baltimore, MD ) 2019 2021 (1) Domain Orlando, FL ) 2017 2021 (1) The Burnham Nashville, TN (3) ) 2017 2021 (1) Flats on Front Wilmington, NC (3) ) 2021 2021 (1) Verso Apartments Beaverton, OR (3) ) 2021 2021 (1) 2626 South Side Flats Pittsburgh, PA (3) ) 2016 2022 (1) The Parker Alexandria, VA (3) ) 2016 2022 (1) Briggs Union Mount Laurel, NJ ) 2020 2022 (1) Total Multifamily Properties ) Logistics properties: 6123-6227 Monroe Ct Morton Grove, IL (2) ) 1968 2021 (1) 8400 Westphalia Road Upper Marlboro, MD ) 2005 2021 (1) McLane Distribution Center Lakeland, FL ) 1973 2021 (1) 2003 Beaver Road Landover, MD (2) ) 1983 2022 (1) 187 Bartram Parkway Franklin, IN (2) ) 2004 2022 (1) Total Logistics Properties ) Office properties: Two Liberty Center Arlington, VA ) 2007 2019 (1) Lakes at West Covina Los Angeles, CA ) 1990 2020 (1) Total Office Properties ) Net Lease properties: DreamWorks Animation Studios Glendale, CA ) 1997 2021 (1) Total Net Lease Properties ) Single Family Rental Portfolio Various (2) ) Various Various (1) Portfolio Total ) 
 (1) Refer to Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for details of depreciable lives. (2) These properties secure a million balance on the Secured Credit Facility. 
 (3) These properties secure a million balance on the Secured Multifamily Term Loan. 

F-40 

Table of Contents 

million . Accumulated depreciation does not include million of accumulated depreciation related to furniture, fixtures and equipment. 
 
 The following table summarizes activity for real estate and accumulated depreciation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Real Estate: Balance at the beginning of the year Additions during the year: Land and land improvements Building and building improvements Dispositions during the year: Land and land improvements ) Building and building improvements ) ) Balance at the end of the year Accumulated Depreciation: Balance at the beginning of the year ) ) Depreciation expense ) ) Dispositions Balance at the end of the year ) ) 
 F-41 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 exhibit43.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 
 Exhibit 4.3 

 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following is a brief description of the securities of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the Company or we, us or our registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). This description of the terms of our stock does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL ), and the full text of our charter and bylaws. 
 General 
 Under our charter, we have authority to issue a total of 1,050,000,000 shares of capital stock. Of the total shares of stock authorized, 1,000,000,000 shares are classified as common stock (of which 225,000,000 are classified as Class T shares, par value 0.01 per share, 225,000,000 are classified as Class S shares, par value 0.01 per share, 100,000,000 are classified as Class D shares, par value 0.01 per share, 250,000,000 are classified as Class I shares, par value of 0.01 per share, 100,000,000 shares are classified as Class C shares, no par value per share, and 100,000,000 shares are classified as Class E common stock, no par value per share) and 50,000,000 shares are classified as preferred stock with a par value 0.01 per share. In addition, our board of directors may amend our charter from time to time, without stockholder approval, to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue. 
 Common Stock 
 Subject to the restrictions on ownership and transfer of stock set forth in our charter and except as may otherwise be specified in our charter, the holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters voted on by stockholders, including election of our directors. The holders of common stock vote together as a single class on all actions to be taken by the stockholders provided, however, that with respect to (i) any amendment of the charter that would materially and adversely affect the rights, preferences and privileges of only a particular class of common stock or (ii) any matter submitted to stockholders that relates solely to a particular class of common stock, only the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of such affected class of common stock, with no other class of common stock voting except such affected class of common stock voting as a separate class, is required. Our charter does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of our directors. Therefore, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock can elect our entire board of directors. Subject to any preferential rights of any outstanding class or series of shares of stock and to the provisions in our charter regarding the restriction on ownership and transfer of stock, the holders of common stock are entitled to such distributions as may be authorized from time to time by our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of our board of directors) and declared by us out of legally available funds and, upon liquidation, are entitled to receive all assets available for distribution to our stockholders. Upon issuance for full payment in accordance with the terms of the offering, all shares of our common stock issued in the offering will be fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of common stock will not have preemptive rights, which means such holders will not have an automatic option to purchase any new shares of stock that we issue. 
 Our charter also contains a provision permitting our board of directors, without any action by our stockholders, to classify or reclassify any unissued common stock into one or more classes or series by setting or changing the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of repurchase of any new class or series of shares of stock. 
 We will generally not issue certificates for shares of our common stock. Shares of our common stock will be held in uncertificated form, which will eliminate the physical handling and safekeeping responsibilities inherent in owning transferable stock certificates and eliminate the need to return a duly executed stock certificate to effect a transfer. SS&C GIDS, Inc. acts as our registrar and as the transfer agent for our shares. 
 
 Class T Shares 
 Each Class T share issued in our primary offering will be subject to an upfront selling commission of up to 3.0 , and an upfront dealer manager fee of 0.5 , of the transaction price of each Class T share sold in the offering on the date of the purchase provided, however, that such amounts may vary at certain participating broker-dealers provided that the sum will not exceed 3.5 of the transaction price. Brookfield Oaktree Wealth Solutions LLC (the Dealer Manager anticipates that all of the upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees will be retained by, or reallowed (paid) to, participating broker-dealers. 
 We will pay the Dealer Manager selling commissions over time as a stockholder servicing fee with respect to our outstanding Class T shares equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate net asset value NAV of our outstanding 
 1 

Class T shares. For each Class T share, this stockholder serving fee consists of an advisor stockholder servicing fee and a dealer stockholder servicing fee. We expect that generally the advisor stockholder servicing fee will equal 0.65 per annum and the dealer stockholder servicing fee will equal 0.20 per annum, of the aggregate NAV for the Class T shares. However, with respect to Class T shares sold through certain participating broker-dealers, the advisor stockholder servicing fee and the dealer stockholder servicing fee may be other amounts, provided that the sum of such fees will always equal 0.85 per annum of the NAV of such shares. The stockholder servicing fees will be paid monthly in arrears. The Dealer Manager will reallow (pay) all of the stockholder servicing fees to participating broker-dealers and servicing broker-dealers for ongoing stockholder services performed by such broker-dealers, and will waive stockholder servicing fees to the extent a broker-dealer is not eligible to receive them for failure to provide such services. 
 The upfront selling commission and dealer manager fee will not be payable in respect of any Class T shares sold pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan, but such shares will be charged the stockholder servicing fee payable with respect to all our outstanding Class T shares. 
 We will cease paying the stockholder servicing fee with respect to any Class T share held in a stockholder s account at the end of the month in which the Dealer Manager in conjunction with the transfer agent determines that total upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees paid with respect to the shares held by such stockholder within such account would exceed, in the aggregate, 8.75 (or a lower limit as set forth in any applicable agreement between the Dealer Manager and a participating broker-dealer at the time such Class T share was issued) of the gross proceeds from the sale of such shares (including the gross proceeds of any shares issued under our distribution reinvestment plan with respect thereto). At the end of such month, such Class T shares (and any shares issued under our distribution reinvestment plan with respect thereto) held in such stockholder s account will convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares) with an equivalent aggregate NAV as such shares. 
 In addition, we will cease paying the stockholder servicing fee on the Class T shares on the earlier to occur of the following (i) a listing of Class I shares, (ii) our merger or consolidation with or into another entity in which we are not the surviving entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets, in each case in a transaction in which our stockholders receive cash, securities listed on a national exchange or a combination thereof, or (iii) the date following the completion of the offering on which, in the aggregate, underwriting compensation from all sources in connection with the offering, including upfront selling commissions, the stockholder servicing fee and other underwriting compensation, is equal to 10 of the gross proceeds from our primary offering. 
 
 Class S Shares 
 Each Class S share issued in our primary offering will be subject to an upfront selling commission of up to 3.5 of the transaction price of each Class S share sold in the offering on the date of the purchase. The Dealer Manager anticipates that all of the upfront selling commissions will be retained by, or reallowed (paid) to, participating broker-dealers. 
 We will pay the Dealer Manager selling commissions over time as a stockholder servicing fee with respect to our outstanding Class S shares equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV of our outstanding Class S shares. The stockholder servicing fees will be paid monthly in arrears. The Dealer Manager will reallow (pay) all of the stockholder servicing fees to participating broker-dealers and servicing broker-dealers for ongoing stockholder services performed by such broker-dealers, and will waive stockholder servicing fees to the extent a broker-dealer is not eligible to receive them for failure to provide such services. 
 The upfront selling commission will not be payable in respect of any Class S shares sold pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan, but such shares will be charged the stockholder servicing fee payable with respect to all our outstanding Class S shares. 
 We will cease paying the stockholder servicing fee with respect to any Class S share held in a stockholder s account at the end of the month in which the Dealer Manager in conjunction with the transfer agent determines that total upfront selling commissions and stockholder servicing fees paid with respect to the shares held by such stockholder within such account would exceed, in the aggregate, 8.75 of the gross proceeds from the sale of such shares (including the gross proceeds of any shares issued under our distribution reinvestment plan with respect thereto). At the end of such month, such Class S share (and any shares issued under our distribution reinvestment plan with respect thereto) will convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares) with an equivalent aggregate NAV as such shares. 
 In addition, we will cease paying the stockholder servicing fee on the Class S shares on the earlier to occur of the following (i) a listing of Class I shares, (ii) our merger or consolidation with or into another entity in which we are not the surviving entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets, in each case in a 
 2 

transaction in which our stockholders receive cash, securities listed on a national exchange or a combination thereof, or (iii) the date following the completion of the offering on which, in the aggregate, underwriting compensation from all sources in connection with the offering, including upfront selling commissions, the stockholder servicing fee and other underwriting compensation, is equal to 10 of the gross proceeds from our primary offering. 
 Class D Shares 
 Each Class D share issued in our primary offering will be subject to an upfront selling commission of up to 1.5 of the transaction price of each Class D share sold in the offering on the date of the purchase. The Dealer Manager anticipates that all of the upfront selling commissions will be retained by, or reallowed (paid) to, participating broker-dealers. 
 We will pay the Dealer Manager selling commissions over time as a stockholder servicing fee with respect to our outstanding Class D shares equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV of all our outstanding Class D shares, including any Class D shares sold pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. The stockholder servicing fees will be paid monthly in arrears. The Dealer Manager will reallow (pay) all of the stockholder servicing fees to participating broker-dealers and servicing broker-dealers for ongoing stockholder services performed by such broker-dealers, and will waive stockholder servicing fees to the extent a broker-dealer is not eligible to receive them for failure to provide such services. 
 Class D shares are available for purchase in the offering only (1) through fee-based programs, also known as wrap accounts, that provide access to Class D shares, (2) through participating broker-dealers that have alternative fee arrangements with their clients to provide access to Class D shares, (3) through certain registered investment advisers, (4) through bank trust departments or any other organization or person authorized to act in a fiduciary capacity for its clients or customers or (5) other categories of investors that we name in an amendment or supplement to our prospectus. 
 We will cease paying the stockholder servicing fee with respect to any Class D share held in a stockholder s account at the end of the month in which the Dealer Manager in conjunction with the transfer agent determines that total upfront selling commissions and stockholder servicing fees paid with respect to the shares held by such stockholder within such account would exceed, in the aggregate, 8.75 of the gross proceeds from the sale of such shares (including the gross proceeds of any shares issued under our distribution reinvestment plan with respect thereto). At the end of such month, such Class D shares (and any shares issued under our distribution reinvestment plan with respect thereto) held in such stockholder s account will convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares) with an equivalent aggregate NAV as such shares. 
 In addition, we will cease paying the stockholder servicing fee on the Class D shares on the earlier to occur of the following (i) a listing of Class I shares, (ii) our merger or consolidation with or into another entity in which we are not the surviving entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets, in each case in a transaction in which our stockholders receive cash, securities listed on a national exchange or a combination thereof, or (iii) the date following the completion of the offering on which, in the aggregate, underwriting compensation from all sources in connection with the offering, including upfront selling commissions, the stockholder servicing fee and other underwriting compensation, is equal to 10 of the gross proceeds from our primary offering. 
 Class I Shares 
 No upfront selling commissions or stockholder servicing fees will be paid for sales of any Class I shares. 
 Class I shares are available for purchase in the offering only (1) through fee-based programs, also known as wrap accounts, that provide access to Class I shares, (2) by endowments, foundations, pension funds and other institutional investors, (3) through participating broker-dealers that have alternative fee arrangements with their clients to provide access to Class I shares, (4) by our executive officers and directors and their immediate family members, as well as officers and employees of Brookfield REIT Adviser LLC (the Adviser ), Brookfield Corporation, Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. (together with its affiliates, Brookfield ), Oaktree Fund Advisors, LLC, Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. or other affiliates and their immediate family members, and, if approved by our board of directors, joint venture partners, consultants and other service providers or (5) other categories of investors that we name in an amendment or supplement to our prospectus. 
 Class C Shares 
 We are conducting a private offering of Class C shares to a feeder vehicle primarily created to hold our Class C shares, which in turn will offer interests in itself to investors. We will conduct such offerings pursuant to exemptions 
 3 

to registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and not as a part of the offering. No selling commissions, dealer manager fees or stockholder servicing fees are charged to purchasers in connection with the sale of any Class C shares. 
 Class E Shares 
 The Adviser may elect to receive all or a portion of its management fee in Class E shares of our common stock, and we may also issue Class E shares to Brookfield and certain of its affiliates and employees, and our independent directors in one or more private placements. We will conduct such private placements pursuant to exemptions to registration under the Securities Act and not as a part of the offering. No selling commissions, dealer manager fees or stockholder servicing fees are charged to purchasers in connection with the sale of any Class E shares. The Class E shares do not pay a management or performance fee. 
 Other Terms of Common Stock 
 If not already converted into Class I shares upon a determination that total upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees paid with respect to such shares would exceed the applicable limit as described in the Class T Shares, Class S Shares and Class D Shares sections above, each Class T share, Class S share, Class D share, Class C share and Class E share held in a stockholder s account will automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares) with an equivalent NAV as such share on the earliest of (i) a listing of Class I shares, (ii) our merger or consolidation with or into another entity or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets, in each case in a transaction in which our stockholders receive cash or securities listed on a national securities exchange or (iii) with respect to Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares, the end of the month following termination of the primary portion of the offering in which such Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares were sold on which, in the aggregate, underwriting compensation from all sources in connection with the offering, including upfront selling commissions, the stockholder servicing fee and other underwriting compensation, is equal to 10 of the gross proceeds of the primary portion of the offering. In addition, immediately before any liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each Class T share, Class S share, Class D share, Class C share and Class E share will automatically convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares) with an equivalent NAV as such share. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our charter authorizes our board of directors to designate and issue one or more classes or series of preferred stock without stockholder approval, and to establish the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of repurchase of each class or series of preferred stock so issued. Because our board of directors has the power to establish the preferences and rights of each class or series of preferred stock, it may afford the holders of any series or class of preferred stock preferences, powers and rights senior to the rights of holders of common stock. 
 However, the voting rights per share of any series or class of preferred stock sold in a private offering may not exceed voting rights which bear the same relationship to the voting rights of a publicly held share as the consideration paid to us for each privately-held preferred share bears to the book value of each outstanding publicly held share. If we issue preferred stock with a distribution preference over common stock, payment of any distribution preferences of outstanding preferred stock would reduce the amount of funds available for the payment of distributions on the common stock. Further, holders of preferred stock are normally entitled to receive a liquidation preference in the event we liquidate, dissolve or wind up before any payment is made to the common stockholders, likely reducing the amount common stockholders would otherwise receive upon such an occurrence. In addition, under certain circumstances, the issuance of preferred stock may render more difficult or tend to discourage a merger, offer or proxy contest, the assumption of control by a holder of a large block of our securities, or the removal of incumbent management. We have no present plans to issue any preferred stock, but we may do so at any time in the future without stockholder approval. 
 Meetings and Special Voting Requirements 
 An annual meeting of the stockholders will be held each year, upon reasonable notice to our stockholders, but no sooner than 30 days after delivery of our annual report to stockholders. Special meetings of stockholders may be called only upon the request of a majority of our directors, a majority of our independent directors or our chief executive officer, president or chairman of the board of directors and must be called by our secretary to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast at least 10 of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at the meeting. Upon receipt of a written request stating the purpose of any such special meeting, our secretary shall provide a written notice to our stockholders 
 4 

within 10 days of receipt of such written request, stating the purpose of the meeting and setting a meeting date not less than 15 nor more than 60 days after the distribution of such notice. The presence either in person or by proxy of stockholders entitled to cast at least 50 of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at the meeting on any matter will constitute a quorum. Generally, the affirmative vote of a majority of all votes cast is necessary to take stockholder action, except as described in the next paragraph and except that a majority of the votes represented in person or by proxy at a meeting at which a quorum is present is required to elect a director. 
 Under the MGCL and our charter, stockholders generally are entitled to vote at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present on (1) amendments to our charter, (2) our liquidation and dissolution, (3) a merger, consolidation, conversion, statutory share exchange or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets, and (4) election or removal of our directors. Except with respect to the election of directors or as otherwise provided in our charter, the vote of stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote is required to approve any such action, and no such action can be taken by our board of directors without such majority vote of our stockholders. In addition, although the North American Securities Administrators Association s Statement of Policy Regarding Real Estate Investment Trusts, as revised and adopted on May 7, 2007, indicate that stockholders are permitted to amend our charter or dissolve us without the necessity for concurrence by our board of directors, we are required to comply with the MGCL, which provides that any amendment to our charter or any dissolution of our company must first be declared advisable by our board of directors. Therefore, except with respect to the election or removal of our directors and certain amendments to our charter, prior to a stockholder vote, our board of directors must first adopt a resolution that the proposed action is advisable and directing the matter to be submitted to the stockholders. Accordingly, the only proposals to amend our charter or to dissolve our company that will be presented to our stockholders will be those that have been declared advisable by our board of directors. Stockholders are not entitled to exercise any of the rights of an objecting stockholder provided for in Title 3, Subtitle 2 of the MGCL unless our board of directors determines that such rights apply, with respect to all or any classes or series of stock, to one or more transactions occurring after the date of the determination in connection with which stockholders would otherwise be entitled to exercise such rights. Stockholders have the power, without the concurrence of the directors, to remove a director from our board of directors with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. 
 Stockholders are entitled to receive a copy of our stockholder list upon request. The list provided by us will include each stockholder s name, address and telephone number and number of shares of stock owned by each stockholder and will be sent within 10 days of our receipt of the request. The stockholder list shall be maintained as part of our books and records and shall be available for inspection by any stockholder or the stockholder s designated agent at our corporate offices upon the request of a stockholder. The stockholder list will be updated at least quarterly to reflect changes in the information contained therein. The copy of the stockholder list will be printed in alphabetical order, on white paper, and in a readily readable type size (in no event smaller than ten-point type). A stockholder requesting a list will be required to pay reasonable costs of postage and duplication. The purposes for which a stockholder may request a copy of the stockholder list include, but are not limited to, matters relating to stockholders voting rights, the exercise of stockholder rights under federal proxy laws and any other proper purpose. If the Adviser or our board of directors neglects or refuses to exhibit, produce or mail a copy of our stockholder list as requested, the Adviser or our board of directors, as the case may be, shall be liable to any stockholder requesting our stockholder list for the costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred by that stockholder for compelling the production of our stockholder list, and for actual damages suffered by any such stockholder by reason of such refusal or neglect. It shall be a defense that the actual purpose and reason for the requests for inspection or for a copy of our stockholder list is to secure such list or other information for the purpose of selling our stockholder list or copies thereof, or of using the same for a commercial purpose other than in the interest of the applicant as a stockholder relative to our affairs. We have the right to request that a requesting stockholder represent to us that the list will not be used to pursue commercial interests unrelated to such stockholder s interest in us. The remedies provided by our charter to stockholders requesting copies of our stockholder list are in addition to, and shall not in any way limit, other remedies available to stockholders under federal law, or the laws of any state. 
 In addition to the foregoing, stockholders have rights under Rule 14a-7 under the Exchange Act, which provides that, upon the request of a stockholder and the payment of the expenses of the distribution, we are required to distribute specific materials to stockholders in the context of the solicitation of proxies by a stockholder for voting on matters presented to stockholders or, at our option, provide requesting stockholders with a copy of the list of stockholders so that the requesting stockholder may make the distribution of such materials. 
 Furthermore, pursuant to our charter, any stockholder and any designated representative thereof shall be permitted access to our corporate records to which such stockholder is entitled under applicable law at all reasonable times, and may inspect and copy any of them for a reasonable charge. Under Maryland law, stockholders are entitled to inspect and copy only our bylaws, minutes of stockholder proceedings, annual statements of affairs, voting trust agreements and statements of stock and securities issued by us during the period specified by the requesting 
 5 

stockholder, which period may not be longer than 12 months prior to the date of the stockholder s request. Because our stockholders are entitled to inspect only those corporate records that stockholders are entitled to inspect and copy under Maryland law, our stockholders will not be entitled to inspect and copy the minutes of the meetings of our board of directors, which are records that certain states other than Maryland allow corporate stockholders to inspect and copy. Requests to inspect or copy our corporate records must be made in writing to Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc., Brookfield Place, 250 Vesey Street, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10281. It is the policy of our board of directors to comply with all proper requests for access to our corporate records in conformity with our charter and Maryland law. 
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer 
 Our charter contains restrictions on the number of shares of our stock that a person or group may own. No person or group may acquire or hold, directly or indirectly through application of constructive ownership rules, in excess of 9.9 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding common stock or 9.9 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding stock of all classes or series unless they receive an exemption from our board of directors. 
 Subject to certain limitations, our board of directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt a person prospectively or retroactively from, or modify, these limits, subject to such terms, conditions, representations and undertakings as it may determine. Our charter provides for, and our board of directors may grant, limited exemptions to certain persons who directly or indirectly own our stock, including directors, officers and stockholders controlled by them or trusts for the benefit of their families. 
 Our charter further prohibits any person from beneficially or constructively owning shares of our stock that would result in our being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code or otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a real estate investment trust REIT and any person from transferring shares of our stock if the transfer would result in our stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons. Any person who acquires or intends to acquire shares of our stock that may violate any of these restrictions, or who is the intended transferee of shares of our stock which are transferred to the trust, as described below, is required to give us immediate written notice, or in the case of a proposed or attempted transaction, give at least 15 days prior written notice, and provide us with such information as we may request in order to determine the effect of the transfer on our status as a REIT. The above restrictions will not apply if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to continue to qualify as a REIT or that compliance with such restrictions is no longer required for us to qualify as a REIT. 
 Any attempted transfer of our stock which, if effective, would result in violation of the above limitations, except for a transfer which results in shares being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons, in which case such transfer will be void and of no force and effect and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such shares, will cause the number of shares causing the violation, rounded to the nearest whole share, to be automatically transferred to a trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries designated by us and the proposed transferee will not acquire any rights in the shares. The automatic transfer will be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the business day, as defined in our charter, prior to the date of the transfer. Shares of our stock held in the trust will be issued and outstanding shares. The proposed transferee will not benefit economically from ownership of any shares of stock held in the trust, will have no rights to dividends and no rights to vote or other rights attributable to the shares of stock held in the trust. The trustee of the trust will have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to shares held in the trust. These rights will be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the charitable beneficiaries. Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to our discovery that shares of stock have been transferred to the trust will be paid by the recipient to the trustee upon demand. Any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid will be paid when due to the trustee. Any dividend or distribution paid to the trustee will be held in trust for the charitable beneficiaries. Subject to Maryland law, the trustee will have the authority to rescind as void any vote cast by the proposed transferee prior to our discovery that the shares have been transferred to the trust and to recast the vote in accordance with the desires of the trustee acting for the benefit of the charitable beneficiaries. However, if we have already taken irreversible corporate action, then the trustee will not have the authority to rescind and recast the vote. 
 Within 20 days of receiving notice from us that shares of our stock have been transferred to the trust, the trustee will sell the shares to a person designated by the trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the above ownership limitations. Upon the sale, the interest of the charitable beneficiaries in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the proposed transferee and to the charitable beneficiaries as follows. The proposed transferee will receive the lesser of (i) the price paid by the proposed transferee for the shares or, if the proposed transferee did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares to be held in the trust, such as a gift, devise or other similar transaction, the market price, as defined in our charter, of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the trust and (ii) the price per share received by the 
 6 

trustee from the sale or other disposition of the shares. Any net sale proceeds in excess of the amount payable per share to the proposed transferee will be paid immediately to the charitable beneficiaries. If, prior to our discovery that shares of our stock have been transferred to the trust, the shares are sold by the proposed transferee, then the shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the trust and, to the extent that the proposed transferee received an amount for the shares that exceeds the amount he was entitled to receive, the excess shall be paid to the trustee upon demand. 
 In addition, shares of our stock held in the trust will be deemed to have been offered for sale to us, or our designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that resulted in the transfer to the trust, or, in the case of a devise or gift, the market price at the time of the devise or gift and (ii) the market price on the date we, or our designee, accept the offer. We will have the right to accept the offer until the trustee has sold the shares. Upon a sale to us, the interest of the charitable beneficiaries in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the proposed transferee. 
 If the transfer to the trust as described above is not automatically effective for any reason to prevent violation of the above limitations or our failing to qualify as a REIT, then the transfer of the number of shares that otherwise cause any person to violate the above limitations will be void and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such shares. 
 
 All certificates, if any, representing shares of our stock issued in the future will bear a legend referring to the restrictions described above. 
 Every owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our stock during any taxable year, or such lower percentage as required by the Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder or as otherwise required by our board of directors, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, is required to give us written notice, stating his or her name and address, the number of shares of each class and series of our stock which he or she beneficially owns and a description of the manner in which the shares are held. Each such owner shall provide us with such additional information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of its beneficial ownership on our status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the ownership limits. In addition, each stockholder shall, upon demand, be required to provide us with such information as we may request in good faith in order to determine our status as a REIT and to comply with the requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance. 
 Any subsequent transferee of shares of our stock must also comply with the suitability standards we have established for our stockholders. 
 Distribution Policy 
 Distributions will be made on all classes of our common stock at the same time. The per share amount of distributions on our various classes of common stock will likely differ because of different allocations of class-specific stockholder servicing fees. We currently use the record share method of determining the per share amount of distributions on our various classes of common stock, although our board of directors may choose any other method. The record share method is one of several distribution calculation methods for multiple-class funds recommended, but not required, by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Under this method, the amount to be distributed on our common stock will be increased by the sum of all class-specific stockholder servicing fees, management fees and performance fees for such period. Such amount will be divided by the number of our common shares outstanding on the record date. Such per share amount will be reduced for each class of common stock by the per share amount of any class-specific stockholder servicing fees, management fees and performance fees allocable to such class. 
 Under the MGCL, our board of directors may delegate to a committee of directors the power to fix the amount and other terms of a distribution. In addition, if our board of directors gives general authorization for a distribution and provides for or establishes a method or procedure for determining the maximum amount of the distribution, our board of directors may delegate to one of our officers the power, in accordance with the general authorization, to fix the amount and other terms of the distribution. 
 Distributions in kind shall not be permitted, except for distributions of readily marketable securities, distributions of beneficial interests in a liquidating trust established for our dissolution and the liquidation of our assets in accordance with the terms of our charter or distributions in which (a) our board of directors advises each stockholder of the risks associated with direct ownership of the property, (b) our board of directors offers each stockholder the election of receiving such in-kind distributions, and (c) in-kind distributions are made only to those stockholders that 
 7 

accept such offer. Our stockholders who receive distributions in kind of marketable securities may incur transaction expenses in liquidating the securities. 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted a distribution reinvestment plan whereby stockholders (other than Alabama, Idaho, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Texas, Vermont and Washington investors and clients of certain participating broker-dealers that do not permit automatic enrollment in our distribution reinvestment plan) will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock unless they elect to receive their distributions in cash. Alabama, Idaho, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Texas, Vermont and Washington investors and clients of certain participating broker-dealers that do not permit automatic enrollment in our distribution reinvestment plan will automatically receive their distributions in cash unless they elect to have their cash distributions reinvested in additional shares of our common stock. Any cash distributions attributable to the class or classes of shares owned by participants in the distribution reinvestment plan will be immediately reinvested in our shares on behalf of the participants on the business day such distribution would have been paid to such stockholder. 
 The per share purchase price for shares purchased pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan will be equal to the transaction price for such shares at the time the distribution is payable. Stockholders will not pay upfront selling commissions when purchasing shares pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan. The stockholder servicing fees with respect to shares of our Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares are calculated based on our NAV for those shares and may reduce the NAV or, alternatively, the distributions payable with respect to shares of each such class, including shares issued in respect of distributions on such shares under the distribution reinvestment plan. Shares acquired under the distribution reinvestment plan will entitle the participant to the same rights and be treated in the same manner as shares of that class purchased in the offering. 
 We reserve the right to amend any aspect of our distribution reinvestment plan without the consent of our stockholders, provided that notice of any material amendment is sent to participants at least ten business days prior to the effective date of that amendment. In addition, we may suspend or terminate the distribution reinvestment plan for any reason at any time upon ten business days prior written notice to participants. A stockholder s participation in the plan will be terminated to the extent that a reinvestment of such stockholder s distributions in our shares would cause the percentage ownership or other limitations contained in our charter to be violated. Participants may terminate their participation in the distribution reinvestment plan with ten business days prior written notice to us. 
 Restrictions on Roll-Up Transactions 
 In connection with any proposed transaction considered a Roll-up Transaction involving us and the issuance of securities of an entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the Roll-up Transaction, an appraisal of all of our assets must be obtained from a competent independent appraiser. If the appraisal will be included in a prospectus used to offer the securities of the roll-up entity, the appraisal shall be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the states. The assets will be appraised on a consistent basis, and the appraisal will be based on the evaluation of all relevant information and shall indicate the value of the assets as of a date immediately prior to the announcement of the proposed Roll-up Transaction. The appraisal will assume an orderly liquidation of assets over a 12-month period. The terms of the engagement of the independent appraiser shall clearly state that the engagement is for our benefit and the benefit of our stockholders. A summary of the appraisal, indicating all material assumptions underlying the appraisal, will be included in a report to stockholders in connection with any proposed Roll-up Transaction. 
 A Roll-up Transaction is a transaction involving the acquisition, merger, conversion or consolidation, directly or indirectly, of us and the issuance of securities of another entity, or a Roll-up Entity, that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of such transaction. The term Roll-up Transaction does not include 
 
 a transaction involving our securities that have been for at least 12 months listed on a national securities exchange or 
 
 a transaction involving our conversion to a corporate, trust, or association form if, as a consequence of the transaction, there will be no significant adverse change in any of the following stockholder voting rights the term of our existence compensation to the Adviser or our investment objectives. 
 8 

In connection with a proposed Roll-up Transaction, the person sponsoring the Roll-up Transaction must offer to common stockholders who vote no on the proposal the choice of 
 
 accepting the securities of a Roll-up Entity offered in the proposed Roll-up Transaction or 
 
 one of the following 
 
 remaining as holders of our stock and preserving their interests therein on the same terms and conditions as existed previously or 
 
 receiving cash in an amount equal to the stockholder s pro rata share of the appraised value of our net assets. 
 We are prohibited from participating in any proposed Roll-up Transaction 
 
 that would result in the common stockholders having democracy rights in a Roll-up Entity that are less than those provided in our charter and bylaws, including rights with respect to the election and removal of directors, annual reports, annual and special meetings, amendment of our charter, and our dissolution 
 
 that includes provisions that would operate to materially impede or frustrate the accumulation of shares of stock by any purchaser of the securities of the Roll-up Entity, except to the minimum extent necessary to preserve the tax status of the Roll-up Entity, or which would limit the ability of an investor to exercise the voting rights of its securities of the Roll-up Entity on the basis of the number of shares of stock held by that investor 
 
 in which investors rights to access of records of the Roll-up Entity will be less than those provided in the Meetings and Special Voting Requirements section above or 
 
 in which any of the costs of the Roll-up Transaction would be borne by us if the Roll-up Transaction is rejected by our common stockholders. 
 Business Combinations 
 Under the MGCL, business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange, or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as 
 
 any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock or 
 
 an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding stock of the corporation. 
 A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which he or she otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, the board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board of directors. 
 After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between the Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the board of directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 
 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation and 
 
 9 

two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares of stock held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 
 These supermajority vote requirements do not apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares of our common stock in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares of our common stock. 
 The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors before the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Our board of directors has adopted a resolution providing that any business combination between us and any other person is exempted from this statute, provided that such business combination is first approved by our board of directors. This resolution, however, may be altered or repealed in whole or in part at any time. If this resolution is repealed or our board of directors fails to first approve the business combination, the statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 The MGCL provides that control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares of stock owned by the acquiror, by officers or by employees who are directors of the corporation are excluded from shares of stock entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquiror or in respect of which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power 
 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third 
 
 one-third or more but less than a majority or 
 
 a majority or more of all voting power. 
 Control shares do not include shares of stock the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval or shares acquired directly from the corporation. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition may compel our board of directors to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares of stock. The right to compel the calling of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then the corporation may redeem for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved. The right of the corporation to redeem control shares is subject to certain conditions and limitations. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of the shares of stock are considered and not approved or, if no such meeting is held, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquiror. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquiror becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares of stock entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares of stock as determined for purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiror in the control share acquisition. 
 The control share acquisition statute does not apply (1) to shares of stock acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction, or (2) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. 
 Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the Control Share Acquisition Act any and all acquisitions of our stock by any person. There can be no assurance that this provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 10 

Subtitle 8 
 Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL permits a Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act, and at least three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in its charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board of directors and notwithstanding any contrary provision in the charter or bylaws, to any or all of five provisions 
 
 a classified board of directors 
 
 a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a director 
 
 a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by vote of the directors 
 
 a requirement that a vacancy on the board of directors be filled only by the remaining directors and for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred and 
 
 a majority requirement for the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders. 
 In our charter, we have elected that vacancies on our board of directors be filled only by the remaining directors and for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred. Through provisions in our charter and bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8, we vest in our board of directors the exclusive power to fix the number of directorships, provided that the number is not less than three. We have not elected to be subject to any of the other provisions of Subtitle 8. 
 Vacancies on Board of Directors Removal of Directors 
 Any vacancy created by the death, resignation, removal, adjudicated incompetence or other incapacity of a director or an increase in the number of directors may be filled only by a vote of a majority of the remaining directors, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum. Any director elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is duly elected and qualifies. Our independent directors will choose the nominees to fill vacancies in our independent director positions. 
 Any director may resign at any time and may be removed with or without cause by our stockholders upon the affirmative vote of at least a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. The notice of any special meeting called for the purpose of the proposed removal shall indicate that the purpose, or one of the purposes, of the meeting is to determine if the director shall be removed. 
 Advance Notice of Director Nominations and New Business 
 Our bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to the board of directors and the proposal of business to be considered by our stockholders may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by or at the direction of our board of directors or (3) by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by our board of directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, at the time of giving the advance notice required by the bylaws and at the time of the meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual nominated or on such other business and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of the bylaws. With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to our board of directors at a special meeting may be made only (1) by or at the direction of our board of directors or (2) provided that the meeting has been called for the purpose of electing directors, by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by our board of directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting, at the time of giving the advance notice required by the bylaws and at the time of the meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual nominated and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the bylaws. 
 Tender Offers 
 Our charter provides that any tender offer made by any person, including any mini-tender offer, must comply with the provisions of Regulation 14D of the Exchange Act, including the notice and disclosure requirements. 
 11 

Among other things, the offeror must provide us notice of such tender offer at least ten business days before initiating the tender offer. If a person makes a tender offer that does not comply with such provisions, we may elect to grant tendering stockholders a rescission right with respect to their tendered shares. In addition, the non-complying offeror will be responsible for all of our expenses in connection with that offeror s noncompliance. 
 Anti-takeover Effect of Certain Provisions of Maryland Law and of our Charter and Bylaws 
 The business combination provisions and the control share acquisition provisions of Maryland law, the provision of our charter electing to be subject to a provision of Subtitle 8, and the advance notice provisions of our bylaws could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control of our company that might involve a premium price for stockholders or otherwise be in their best interest. 
 12 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex211_asof12312022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 Entity 
 Country State of Formation 
 111 Montgomery GAP REIT Member, LLC Delaware 111 Montgomery GAP, LLC Delaware Arbors and Anzio Apartments REIT, LLC Delaware Avery GAP REIT Member, LLC Delaware Avery Grand Avenue Partners, LLC Delaware BNTR 187 Bartram PKWY Holdings LLC Delaware BNTR 2003 Beaver Road LLC Delaware BNTR 2929 Old Tampa LLC Delaware BNTR 6123-6227 Monroe Court LLC Delaware BNTR 8400 Westphalia Road LLC Delaware BNTR Burbank Holdings LLC Delaware BNTR Logistics Acquisitions LLC Delaware BNTR Mount Laurel Propco LLC Delaware BNTR Parker at Huntington Propco LLC Delaware BNTR SFR Lower Vehicle LLC Delaware BNTR SFR Owner LLC Delaware BNTR SFR TRS LLC Delaware BNTR SFR Upper Vehicle LLC Delaware BNTR SSW Propco LLC Delaware BNTR Verso Propco LLC Delaware BOP (Luxembourg) Holdings S. r.l. Luxembourg BOP (Principal Place II) Holdings S. r.l. Luxembourg BOP (Principal Place II) S. r.l. Luxembourg BOP Nest Domain LLC Delaware BOP Nest Nashville LLC Delaware BOP Nest Nashville TRS II LLC Delaware Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust Inc. Maryland Brookfield REIT (US Plan) L.P. Delaware Brookfield REIT Facility Holdings LLC Delaware Brookfield REIT Finco GP LLC Delaware Brookfield REIT Finco L.P. Cayman Islands Brookfield REIT Liquid Holdings LLC Delaware Brookfield REIT Logistics Holdings LLC Delaware Brookfield REIT Lux S. r.l. Luxembourg Brookfield REIT MF Holdings LLC Delaware Brookfield REIT Office Holdings LLC Delaware Brookfield REIT Offshore TRS LLC Cayman Islands Brookfield REIT OP GP LLC Delaware 

Brookfield REIT Op Special Limited Partner L.P. Delaware Brookfield REIT Operating Partnership L.P. Delaware Brookfield REIT Parent Holdings LLC Delaware Brookfield REIT Parent TRS LLC Delaware Brookfield REIT SFR Holdings LLC Delaware BUSI II GP-C LLC Delaware BUSI II GP-P LLC Delaware BUSI II NTR Sub LLC Delaware BUSI II-C L.P. Delaware Dover Street Grand Avenue Parent TRS, LLC Delaware Dover Street Grand Avenue Partners, LLC Delaware Federal Hill Apartments GAP, LLC Delaware Federal Hill Apartments GAP, TRS LLC Delaware Federal Hill Apartments Property Owner, LLC Delaware Flats on Front LLC Delaware Franklin Tech Park Associates, LLC Delaware Furniture Markets REIT TL, LLC Delaware Lakes Property Owner JV LLC Delaware Lakes Property Owner LLC Delaware Markets GAP Term Loan Lender LLC Delaware Markets Term Loan Grand Avenue Partners, LLC Delaware Oaktree Real Estate Income Trust MGR, LLC Delaware Oaktree Segregated Debt Vehicle, LLC Delaware Oaktree Segregated REIT Vehicle 1, LLC Delaware Principal Place Commercial GP Limited England Principal Place Commercial Nominee Limited England Principal Place Commercial S. r.l. Luxembourg Principal Place Commerciale Limited Partnership UK San Jacinto Fee Owner LLC Delaware Sweetwater Fee Owner LLC Delaware The Lakes Grand Avenue Partners TRS, LLC Delaware The Lakes Grand Avenue Partners, LLC Delaware Tru MF Grand Avenue Partners II TRS, LLC Delaware Tru MF Grand Avenue Partners II, LLC Delaware Tru MF Venture II LLC Delaware Two Liberty Center Grand Avenue Partners, LLC Delaware Two Liberty Center LLC Delaware Two Liberty Center Owner LLC Delaware Two Liberty Center REIT LLC Delaware US 2 Op Holdings LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex-311_asof12312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Zachary B. Vaughan, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K (the report of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 16, 2023 
 s Zachary B. Vaughan Zachary B. Vaughan Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex-312_asof12312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Dana E. Petitto, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K (the report of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 16, 2023 
 s Dana E. Petitto Dana E. Petitto Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex-321_asof12312022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Zachary B. Vaughan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Zachary B. Vaughan Zachary B. Vaughan Chief Executive Officer March 16, 2023 
 
 This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex-322_asof12312022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Brookfield Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Dana E. Petitto, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Dana E. Petitto Dana E. Petitto Chief Financial Officer March 16, 2023 
 
 This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 oak-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 oak-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 oak-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 oak-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 oak-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

