<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1674168_0001628280-23-005817.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17897906</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>537534</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2682961</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6343265</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4227081</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3800124</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-005817.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301155716
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-005817
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		152
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hilton Grand Vacations Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001674168
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOTELS, ROOMING HOUSE, CAMPS & OTHER LODGING PLACES [7000]
		IRS NUMBER:				812545345
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37794
		FILM NUMBER:		23693266

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6355 METROWEST BOULEVARD, SUITE 180
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32835
		BUSINESS PHONE:		407-722-3100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6355 METROWEST BOULEVARD, SUITE 180
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32835

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-005817.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 hgv-20221231.htm
 10-K

hgv-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 
 Commission file number 
 ________________________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 ________________________________ 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 , 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code ) 
 (Former Name, Former Address, and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act : 
 (Title of each class) Trading Symbol (Name of each exchange on which registered) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 ________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirement for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x 
 Accelerated Filer o Non-Accelerated Filer o 
 Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 

Table of Contents 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). o Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was million (based on the closing sale price of the common stock on that date on the New York Stock Exchange). 
 There were shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of February 24, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. 
 FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 PART I 
 1 
 Item 1 Business 
 2 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 44 
 Item 2 Properties 
 44 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 44 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 
 PART II 
 45 
 Item 5 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 
 Item 6 - [Reserved] 
 46 
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 47 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 66 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 68 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 118 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 118 
 Item 9B Other Information 
 119 
 Item 9C - Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 119 
 PART III 
 120 
 Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 120 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 120 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 120 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 120 
 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 120 
 PART IV 
 120 
 Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 120 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 120 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 121 
 SIGNATURES 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements convey management s expectations as to the future of HGV, and are based on management s beliefs, expectations, assumptions and such plans, estimates, projections and other information available to management at the time HGV makes such statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by terminology such as the words outlook, believe, expect, potential, goal, continues, may, will, should, could, , would , seeks, approximately, projects, predicts, intends, plans, estimates, anticipates, future, guidance, target, or the negative version of these words or other comparable words, although not all forward-looking statements may contain such words. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include statements related to HGV s revenues, earnings, taxes, cash flow and related financial and operating measures, and expectations with respect to future operating, financial and business performance, and other anticipated future events and expectations that are not historical facts. 
 HGV cautions you that our forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those that are beyond HGV s control, which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the future results. Any one or more of these risks or uncertainties could adversely impact HGV s operations, revenue, operating profits and margins, key business operational metrics discussed under "Operational Metrics" below, financial condition or credit rating . 
 For additional information regarding factors that could cause HGV s actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, please see the risk factors discussed in Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors and the Summary of Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and those described from time to time in other periodic reports that we file with the SEC. There may be other risks and uncertainties that we are unable to predict at this time or that we currently do not expect to have a material adverse effect on our business. Except for HGV s ongoing obligations to disclose material information under the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments, changes in management s expectations, or otherwise. 
 Terms Used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Except where the context requires otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to Hilton Grand Vacations, HGV, the Company, we, us and our refer to Hilton Grand Vacations Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries. Legacy-HGV refers to our business and operations that existed both prior to and following the Diamond Acquisition (as defined below), excluding Legacy-Diamond. Legacy-Diamond refers to the business and operations that we acquired in the Diamond Acquisition. Except where the context requires otherwise, references to our properties or resorts refer to the timeshare properties that we manage or own. Of these resorts and units, a portion is directly owned by us or joint ventures in which we have an interest; the remaining resorts and units are owned by third-party owners. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Operational Metrics 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes discussion of terms that are not recognized terms under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles U.S. GAAP ), and financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, including earnings before interest expense (excluding interest expense relating to our non-recourse debt), taxes and depreciation and amortization EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. 
 Reference to Adjusted EBITDA means earnings before interest expense (excluding interest expense on non-recourse debt), taxes and depreciation and amortization or EBITDA, further adjusted to exclude certain items. Refer to Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Business and Financial Metrics and Terms Used by Management for further discussion of these financial metrics. 
 Operational Metrics 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K also includes discussion of key business operational metrics including contract sales, sales revenue, real estate profit, tour flow and volume per guest VPG ). 
 See Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Key Business and Financial Metrics and Terms Used by Management and -Results of Operations for a discussion of the meanings of these terms, the Company s reasons for providing non-GAAP financial measures, and reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP as well as further discussion on the key business operational metrics. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1. Business 
 
 Our History 
 On January 3, 2017, Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. Hilton completed a tax-free spin-off of each of HGV and Park Hotels Resorts Inc. Park ). As a result of the spin-off, HGV became an independent publicly traded company with common stock listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol HGV. Following the spin-off, Hilton did not retain any ownership in our company. In connection with the spinoff, we entered into agreements with Hilton and other third parties, including licenses to use the Hilton Grand Vacations brand. For more information regarding these agreements, see Business Key Agreements with Hilton Worldwide Holdings. 
 On August 2, 2021, we completed the acquisition of Dakota Holdings, Inc. Diamond ), the parent of Diamond Resorts International (the Diamond Acquisition ), by exchanging 100 of the outstanding equity interests of Diamond for shares of HGV common stock. Pre-existing HGV shareholders owned approximately 72 of the combined company immediately after giving effect to the Diamond Acquisition, with certain funds controlled by Apollo Global Management Inc. Apollo and other minority shareholders, which previously owned 100 of Diamond, holding the remaining approximately 28 at the time the Diamond Acquisition was completed. 
 The acquired portfolio of resort properties are included in Diamond's single- and multi-use trusts (collectively, the Diamond Collections or Collections ), or are stand-alone Diamond branded resorts in which we own inventory. In addition, there are affiliated resorts and hotels, which we do not manage, and which do not carry the Diamond brand but are a part of Diamond's network and, through THE Club and other Club offerings (collectively the Diamond Clubs ), are available for its members to use as vacation destinations. 
 
 Our Business 
 We are a global timeshare company engaged in developing, marketing, selling, managing and operating timeshare resorts, timeshare plans and ancillary reservation services, primarily under the Hilton Grand Vacations brand. Our Company also owns and operates Legacy-Diamond resorts and sales centers that have been acquired through the Diamond Acquisition, which are undergoing rebranding. Our operations primarily consist of: selling vacation ownership intervals and vacation ownership interests (collectively, VOIs , VOI for us and third parties; financing and servicing loans provided to consumers for their timeshare purchases; operating resorts and timeshare plans; and managing both our points-based Hilton Grand Vacations Club and Hilton Club exchange program (collectively the Legacy-HGV Club and the Diamond points-based multi-resort timeshare plans and exchange programs (the Legacy-Diamond Clubs ). 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had over 150 properties located in the United States U.S. ), Europe, Mexico, the Caribbean, Canada, and Japan. A significant number of our properties and VOIs are concentrated in Florida, Europe, Hawaii, California, Arizona, Nevada and Virginia. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 519,000 members across our club offerings. Legacy-HGV Club members have the flexibility to exchange their VOIs for stays at any Hilton Grand Vacations Club resort or any property in the Hilton system of 19 industry-leading brands across approximately 7,000 properties, as well as numerous experiential vacation options, such as cruises and guided tours, or they have the option to exchange their VOI for various other timeshare resorts throughout the world through an external exchange program. Legacy-Diamond Club members are able to utilize their points across the Diamond resorts, affiliated properties and alternative experiential options. 
 During 2022, we began offering a new club membership called HGV Max across certain of our sales centers. For any customer who purchases a VOI, this membership provides the ability to use points across all properties within our network. The membership provides new destinations for both Legacy-HGV and Legacy-Diamond club owners and broader vacation opportunities for new buyers. It also combines the best benefits from both Club programs, making Hilton hotel benefits available to Legacy-Diamond Club owners and new travel benefits, Hilton hotel discounts and alternative experiential options available to Legacy-HGV Club owners. The Legacy-HGV Club, Legacy-Diamond Clubs and HGV Max are collectively referred to as Clubs . 
 Our compelling VOI product allows customers to advance purchase a lifetime of vacations. Because our VOI owners generally purchase only the vacation time they intend to use each year, they are able to efficiently split the full cost of owning and maintaining a vacation residence with other owners. Our customers also benefit from the amenities and service at our Hilton-branded resorts and Diamond resorts. Furthermore, our points-based platform offers members tremendous flexibility, enabling us to more effectively adapt to their changing vacation needs over time. Building on the strength of that platform, we continuously seek new ways to add value to our Legacy-HGV Club membership and Legacy-Diamond Club membership, including enhanced product offerings, greater geographic distribution, broader exchange networks and further technological innovation, all of which drive better, more personalized vacation experiences and guest satisfaction. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 As innovators in the timeshare business, we enhance our inventory strategy by developing an inventory mix focused on developed properties as well as fee-for-service and just-in-time agreements to sell VOIs on behalf of or acquired from third-party developers. 
 
 Our Reportable Segments 
 We operate our business across two segments: (1) real estate sales and financing and (2) resort operations and club management. For more information regarding our segments, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, included in Item 7, and Note 22: Business Segments in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our real estate sales and financing segment primarily generates revenue from: 
 VOI Sales We sell our owned inventory and interests directly and, through our fee-for-service agreements, we sell VOIs on behalf of third-party developers using the Hilton Grand Vacations brand in exchange for sales, marketing and brand fees. Under these fee-for-service agreements, we earn commission fees based on a percentage of total interval sales. See Inventory and Development Activities and Marketing and Sales Activities below for further information. 
 Financing We provide consumer financing, which includes interest income generated from the origination of consumer loans to members to finance their purchase of VOIs owned by us. We also generate fee revenue from servicing the loans provided by third-party developers to purchasers of their VOIs. See Financing Activities below for information regarding our consumer financing activities. 
 Our resort operations and club management segment primarily generates revenue from: 
 Resort Management Our resort management services primarily consist of operating properties under management agreements for the benefit of homeowners associations HOA s) of VOI owners at both our resorts and those developed by third parties. Our management agreements with HOAs provide for a cost-plus management fee, which means we generally earn a fee equal to 10 to 15 of the costs to operate the applicable resort. See Resort and Club Management Activities below for information regarding our resort management activities. 
 Club Management We operate and manage the Clubs and receive annual membership fees as well as incremental fees depending on exchanges and transactions members choose for other vacation products and services within the Club system. 
 Rental of Available Inventory We generate rental revenue from unit rentals of unsold inventory and inventory made available due to ownership exchanges through our Clubs programs. This allows us to utilize otherwise unoccupied inventory to generate additional revenues. We also earn fee revenue from the rental of inventory owned by third parties as well as revenue from retail, spa and other outlets at our timeshare properties. See Resort and Club Management Activities below for further information. 
 Other than the United States, there were no countries that individually represented more than 10 of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Our VOI and Club Products 
 Each property provides a distinctive setting, while signature elements remain consistent, such as high-quality guest service, spacious units and extensive on-property amenities. Most resorts feature studio to three-bedroom condominium-style accommodations and amenities such as full kitchens, in-unit washers and dryers, spas and kids clubs. Our timeshare properties are relatively concentrated in significant tourist markets, including Florida, Europe, Hawaii, California, Arizona, Nevada and Virginia. 
 Our primary Legacy-HGV VOI product that we market and sell is fee-simple, deeded in perpetuity and right to use real estate interests, developed either by us or by third parties. This ownership interest is generally equivalent to one week on an annual or biennial basis, at the timeshare resort in which the VOI is located. Purchasers of a Legacy-HGV VOI also become members of a Legacy-HGV Club which allows the member to exchange their points for a number of vacation options. In addition to an annual membership fee, members pay incremental fees depending on exchange or services they choose. 
 Our primary Legacy-Diamond VOI product, which we acquired in the Diamond Acquisition, that we market and sell is a beneficial interest in one of our Collections, which are represented by an annual or biennial allotment of points that can be utilized for vacations at any of the resorts in that Collection. In general, purchasers of VOI in a Collection do not acquire a direct ownership interest in the resort properties in the Collection. Rather, for each Collection, one or more 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 trustees hold legal title to the deeded fee simple real estate interests or the functional equivalent, or, in some cases, leasehold real estate interests for the benefit of the respective Collection s association members in accordance with the applicable agreements. Purchasers of a Legacy-Diamond VOI are also offered the opportunity to become members of a Legacy-Diamond Club through which they can exchange their points for a number of vacation options. In addition to an annual membership fee, members pay transaction fees depending upon the exchange or service options they choose. 
 Persons who become members of the Legacy-HGV Club or Legacy-Diamond s The Club through the purchase of a qualifying VOI from an authorized HGV sales center become HGV Max members in their respective Club through which such members have access to more properties in more destinations and discounts across the Hilton portfolio of hotels and resorts. Specifically, along with other benefits, HGV Max members of a Legacy-HGV Club have access to resorts available in The Club. Likewise, HGV Max members of The Club have access to resorts available within the Legacy-HGV Club. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 519,000 members across our various club offerings. 
 
 Inventory and Development Activities 
 We secure VOI inventory by developing or acquiring resorts in strategic markets, building additional phases at our existing resorts, re-acquiring inventory from owners in default and in the open market and sourcing inventory from third-party developers through fee-for-service and just-in-time transactions. 
 Our development activities involving the acquisition of real estate are followed by construction or renovation to create individual vacation ownership units. These development activities, and the related management of construction activities, are performed either by us or third-party developers. The development and construction of the units require a large upfront investment of capital and can take several years to complete in the case of a ground-up project. Additionally, the VOIs must be legally registered prior to sale to our end customers. This investment cannot be recovered until the individual VOIs are sold to purchasers which can take several years. Traditionally, timeshare operators have funded 100 of the investment necessary to acquire land and construct timeshare properties. 
 We also source VOIs through fee-for-service agreements with third-party developers. These agreements enable us to generate fees from the marketing and sale of Hilton-branded VOIs and Legacy-HGV Club memberships and from the management of the timeshare properties without requiring us to fund up-front acquisition and construction costs or incur unsold inventory maintenance costs. The capital investment we make in connection with these projects is typically limited to the cost of constructing our on-site sales centers. In just-in-time transactions, we acquire and sell inventory in transactions that are designed to closely correlate the timing of our acquisition of inventory with our sale of that inventory to purchasers. We refer to fee-for-service transactions and just-in-time sales as capital-efficient transactions. Over time, these capital-efficient transactions have evolved from sourcing inventory from distressed properties to sourcing from new construction projects. For the year ended December 31, 2022, sales from fee-for-service and just-in-time inventory were 29 and 15 of contract sales, respectively. The estimated contract sales value related to our inventory that is currently available for sale at open or soon-to-be open projects and inventory at new or existing projects that will become available for sale in the future upon registration, delivery or construction is approximately 11 billion at current pricing. Capital-efficient arrangements represent approximately 39 of that supply. Our fee-for-service sales generally improve returns on invested capital and liquidity, while sales of owned inventory, including just-in-time inventory, typically result in a greater contribution to the profitability of our real estate sales and financing segment. 
 Owners can generally offer their VOIs for resale on the secondary market, which can create pricing pressure on the sale of developer inventory. Given the structure of our Legacy-HGV products, purchasers of Legacy-HGV VOIs on the secondary market will generally become a Legacy-HGV Club member. Purchasers of a Legacy-Diamond VOI on the secondary market may elect to join a Legacy-Diamond Club. Once a member of the Clubs, the member will be responsible for paying annual fees. All purchasers will be responsible for paying applicable maintenance fees, property taxes and any assessments that are levied by the relevant HOA. While we do not have an obligation to repurchase intervals previously sold, most of our VOIs provide us with a right of first refusal on secondary market sales. We monitor sales that occur in the secondary market and exercise our right of first refusal in certain cases. 
 
 Marketing and Sales Activities 
 Our marketing and sales activities are based on targeted direct marketing and a highly personalized sales approach. We use targeted direct marketing to reach potential members who are identified as having the financial ability to pay for our products, are frequent leisure travelers and have an affinity with our brands. Tour flow quality impacts key metrics such as close rate and VPG, defined in Key Business and Financial Metrics and Terms Used by Management Real Estate Sales Metrics. Additionally, the quality of tour flows impacts sales revenue and the collectability of our timeshare financing receivables. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 71 of our contract sales were to our existing owners. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 We sell our vacation ownership products through our distribution network of both in-market and off-site sales centers. Our products are currently marketed for sale throughout the United States, Mexico, Canada, Europe and Japan. We operate sales distribution centers in major markets and popular leisure destinations with year-round demand and a history of being a friendly environment for vacation ownership. We have approximately 50 sales distribution centers in various domestic and international locations. A phased rebranding of the Legacy-Diamond acquired sales centers began in late 2021. 
 Our sales tours are designed to provide potential members with an overview of our company and our products, as well as a customized presentation to explain how our products can meet their vacationing needs. Our sales centers use proprietary sales technology to deliver a highly transparent and customized sales approach. Consumers place a great deal of trust in the Hilton brand, and we believe that preserving that trust is essential. We hire our sales associates using an assessment-based, candidate screening system, which is a proprietary tool we use to uphold our selection criteria. Once hired, we emphasize training, professionalism and product knowledge, and our sales associates receive significant product and sales training before interacting with potential members. Most U.S.-based sales associates are licensed real estate agents and a real estate broker is involved with each sales center. We manage consistency of sales presentation and team member professionalism using a variety of sales tools and technology and through a post-presentation survey of our tour guests. Our focus is on treating members and guests with the highest degree of respect. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 We originate loans for members purchasing our developed and acquired VOIs who qualify according to our underwriting criteria. We generate interest income from the spread between the revenue generated on loans originated less our costs to fund and service those loans. We also earn fee revenue from servicing our own portfolio and the loans provided by third-party developers of our fee-for-service projects to purchasers of their VOIs. 
 Our timeshare financing receivables are collateralized by the underlying VOIs and are generally structured as 10-year, fully-amortizing loans that bear a fixed interest rate ranging from 2.5 to 25 per annum. The interest rate on our loans is determined by, among other factors, the amount of the down payment, the borrower s credit profile and the loan term. As of December 31, 2022, the average loan outstanding was approximately 23,000 with a weighted average interest rate of 14.7 . 
 Prepayment is permitted without penalty. When a member defaults, we ultimately return their VOI to inventory for resale and that member no longer participates in our Clubs. 
 We have a revolving timeshare receivable credit facility Timeshare Facility ). We periodically securitize timeshare financing receivables we originate in connection with the sale of VOIs to monetize receivables and achieve an efficient return on capital and manage our working capital needs. 
 Timeshare Financing Receivables Origination 
 In underwriting each loan, we obtain a credit application and a minimum down payment of 10 of the purchase price on the majority of sales of VOIs. For U.S. and Canadian purchasers seeking financing, which represented approximately 90 of the individuals we provided financing to over the last three years, we apply the credit evaluation score methodology developed by the Fair Isaac Corporation FICO to credit files compiled and maintained by Experian and Equifax. Higher credit scores equate to lower collection risk and lower credit scores equate to higher collection risk. Over the last three years, the weighted-average FICO score for loans to U.S. and Canadian borrowers at the time of origination was 736 (out of a maximum potential score of 850). For non-North American purchasers seeking financing, consisting principally of purchasers in Japan, we generally observe that these borrowers have experienced default rates comparable to U.S. and Canadian borrowers within the 750 to 774 FICO score band. 
 Our underwriting standards are influenced by the changing economic and financial market conditions. We have the ability to modify our down payment requirements and credit thresholds in the face of stronger or weaker market conditions. Our underwriting standards have resulted in a strong, well-seasoned consumer loan portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, our entire portfolio consists of originated loans and loans that were acquired as part of the Diamond Acquisition, which are referred to as acquired loans. As of December 31, 2022, the entire portfolio had a gross balance of approximately 2,468 million derived from approximately 107,000 loans. The portfolio had a weighted average length of loan of 10 years and the weighted average remaining length of loan of 8 years. 
 We also finance our working capital needs in part by borrowing against timeshare financing receivables. In general, we seek to use the majority of our financed VOI sales as collateral to borrow against the Timeshare Facility and subsequently transfer those loans into a term securitization after the loans have seasoned and an appropriately sized portfolio has been assembled. We target securitizations that range in size from 250 million to 350 million and we expect the timing of future securitizations will depend on our anticipated sales volume, financing propensity and capital needs. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 The strong performance of our outstanding loan securitizations demonstrates that loans originated by us are well regarded for their performance in the securitization market. In the future, we expect to regularly access the term securitization market, replenishing capacity on our Timeshare Facility in the process. 
 Loan Portfolio Servicing 
 We have a skilled, integrated consumer finance team. This team is responsible for payment processing and loan servicing, collections, default recovery and portfolio reporting and analytics. Accounts more than 30 days past due are deemed delinquent. We reserve for all loans based on our static pool method. When a loan associated with a product is more than 120 days past due, it is reserved at 100 . Arrangements are then made to recover the interval through various processes depending on the type of inventory and regulatory requirements which could include a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure or foreclosure. 
 We monitor numerous metrics including collection rates, defaults and bankruptcies. Our consumer finance team is also responsible for selecting and processing loans pledged or to be pledged in our securitizations and preparing monthly servicing reports. 
 
 Resort and Club Management Activities 
 Resort Management 
 Prior to the initiation of VOI sales at a timeshare resort owned by us or by a third party with whom we have entered into a fee-for-service agreement, we enter into a management agreement with the relevant HOA. Each of the HOAs are governed by a board of directors comprised of owner or developer representatives that are charged with ensuring that the resorts are well-maintained and financially stable. Our services include day-to-day operations of the resorts, maintenance of the resorts, preparation of books and financial records including, reports, budgets and projections, arranging for annual audits and maintenance fee billing and collections and personal employment training and oversight. Our HOA management agreements provide for a cost-plus management fee, which means we generally earn a fee between 10 and 15 of the costs to operate the applicable resort. As a result, the fees we earn are highly predictable, unlike traditional revenue-based hotel management fees, and our management fees generally are unaffected by changes in rental rate or occupancy. Further, because maintenance fees are paid annually by owners, our management fees are recurring and less volatile than hotel management fees. We are also reimbursed for the costs incurred to perform our services, principally related to personnel providing on-site services. The original term of our management agreements is typically governed by state timeshare laws and ranges from three to five years. The agreements generally are subject to automatic renewal for one- to three-year periods unless either party provides advance notice of termination before the expiration of the term. Since our inception, none of the management agreements relating to our developed or fee-for-service properties have been terminated or lapsed, including management agreements obtained as part of the Diamond Acquisition. 
 To fund resort operations, owners are assessed an annual maintenance fee, which includes our management fee. In 2022, HOAs collected approximately 1,016 million in maintenance fees, including our applicable management fees, which is net of our contributions to the HOAs for unsold VOIs that we own. Because these funds are collected early in the year, we have substantial visibility of collection. These fees represent each owner s allocable share of the management fee and the costs of operating and maintaining the resorts, which generally includes personnel, property taxes, insurance, a capital asset reserve to fund refurbishment and other related costs. If a VOI owner defaults on payment of its maintenance fees and there is no lien against the mortgage note or contract, the HOA has the right to recover the defaulting owner s VOI. As a service to HOAs at certain owned resorts, subject to our inventory needs, we have the ability to reduce the bad debt expense at the HOAs by assuming the defaulted owner s obligations in exchange for an agreed purchase price. We are then able to resell those VOIs through our normal distribution channels. 
 A portion of the annual maintenance fees collected from owners each year is set aside as a capital asset reserve for property renovations. The renovations funded by these fees enable HOAs to keep properties modern, which helps our branded properties consistently receive among the highest quality assurance scores within the Hilton portfolio of brands. HOAs engage an independent consulting firm to compile a reserve study. Typically, HOAs budget the reserve study to target property renovations on a 6- and 12-year cycle. HOAs generally replace soft goods every six years and hard goods every 12 years. These reserves also benefit our members by limiting the risk of special assessments and steep increases in maintenance fees due to deferred capital expenditures. 
 Club Management 
 We also manage and operate our Clubs providing exclusive exchange, leisure travel and reservation services to our Club members. When owners purchase a VOI, they are generally enrolled in a Club which allows the member to exchange their points for a number of vacation options. In addition to an annual membership fee, Club members pay incremental fees depending on exchanges they choose within the Club system. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Rental of Available Inventory 
 We rent unsold VOI inventory, third-party inventory and inventory made available due to ownership exchanges through our Clubs programs. By using our websites, Hilton s websites and other direct booking channels to rent available inventory, we are able to reach potential new members that may already have an affinity for and loyalty to the Hilton brands and introduce them to our products. Inventory rentals allow us to utilize otherwise unoccupied inventory to generate additional revenues and provision of ancillary services. We earn a fee from rentals of third-party inventory. Additionally, we provide ancillary offerings including food and beverage, retail and spa offerings at these timeshare properties. 
 
 Competition 
 The timeshare industry has historically been highly competitive and comprised of a number of national and regional companies that develop, finance and operate timeshare properties. 
 Our timeshare business competes with other timeshare developers for sales of VOIs based principally on location, quality of accommodations, price, service levels and amenities, financing terms, quality of service, terms of property use, reservation systems, flexibility for members to exchange into time at other timeshare properties or other travel rewards, including access to hotel loyalty programs, as well as brand name recognition and reputation. We also compete for property acquisitions and partnerships with entities that have similar investment objectives as us. We own certain other trademarks and trade names for various properties. In the competitive industry in which we operate, trademarks, service marks, trade names and logos are very important to the marketing and sales of our products. There is also significant competition for talent at all levels within the industry, in particular for sales and management. Our primary competitors in the timeshare space include Marriott Vacations Worldwide, Travel + Leisure Co., Disney Vacation Club, Holiday Inn Club Vacations, Westgate Resorts and Bluegreen Vacations. 
 In addition, our timeshare business competes with other entities engaged in the leisure and vacation industry, including resorts, hotels, cruises and other accommodation alternatives, such as condominium and single-family home rentals. We also compete with home and apartment sharing services that operate websites that market available privately-owned residential properties that can be rented on a nightly, weekly or monthly basis. In certain markets, we compete with established independent timeshare operators, and it is possible that other potential competitors may develop properties near our current resort locations. In addition, we face competition from other timeshare management companies in the management of resorts on behalf of owners on the basis of quality, cost, types of services offered and relationship. We compete with other timeshare companies for off-site sales centers, through which we market our products to potential members, including in locations like high-traffic shopping centers and tourist attractions in leisure destinations. 
 Recent and potential future consolidation in the highly fragmented timeshare industry may increase competition. Consolidation may create competitors that enjoy significant advantages resulting from, among other things, a lower cost of, and greater access to, capital and enhanced operating efficiencies. 
 We generally do not face competition in our consumer financing business to finance sales of our VOIs. However, we do face competition from financial institutions providing other forms of consumer credit, which may lead to full or partial prepayment of our timeshare financing receivables. 
 
 Seasonality and Cyclicality 
 We experience modest seasonality in timeshare sales at certain resorts, with stronger revenue generation during traditional vacation periods for those locations. Our business is moderately cyclical as the demand for VOIs is affected by the availability and cost of financing for purchases of VOIs, as well as general economic conditions and the relative health of the travel industry. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 Our business is subject to various international, national, federal, state and local laws, regulations and policies in jurisdictions in which we operate. Some laws, regulations and policies impact multiple areas of our business, such as securities, anti-discrimination, anti-fraud, data protection and security and anti-corruption and bribery laws and regulations or government economic sanctions, including applicable regulations under the U.S. Treasury s Office of Foreign Asset Control and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ). The FCPA and similar anti-corruption and bribery laws in other jurisdictions outside the U.S. generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or generating business. Other laws, regulations and policies primarily affect one of our areas of business: real estate development activities; marketing and sales activities; consumer financing, lending and related activities; and resort and club management activities. We will continue to be subject to applicable new legislation, rules and regulations that have been proposed, or may be proposed, by federal, state and local authorities relating to the origination, servicing and securitization of mortgage loans. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Real Estate Development Regulation 
 Our real estate development activities are regulated under a number of different timeshare, condominium and land sales disclosure statutes in many jurisdictions. We are generally subject to laws and regulations typically applicable to real estate development, subdivision and construction activities, such as laws relating to zoning, land use restrictions, environmental regulation, accessibility, title transfers, title insurance and taxation. In the United States, these include the Fair Housing Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and the Accessibility Guidelines promulgated thereunder, which we refer to collectively as (the ADA ). In addition, we are subject to laws in some jurisdictions that impose liability on property developers for construction defects discovered or repairs made by future owners of property developed by the developer. 
 Marketing and Sales Regulation 
 Our marketing and sales activities are highly regulated in the U.S. and in non-U.S. jurisdictions. In addition to regulations implementing laws enacted specifically for the timeshare industry, a wide variety of laws and regulations govern our marketing and sales activities, including regulations implementing the USA PATRIOT Act, Foreign Investment In Real Property Tax Act, the Federal Interstate Land Sales Full Disclosure Act and fair housing statutes, U.S. Federal Trade Commission FTC and state Little FTC Acts and other regulations governing unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices including unfair or deceptive trade practices and unfair competition, state attorney general regulations, anti-fraud laws, prize, gift and sweepstakes laws, real estate, title agency or insurance and other licensing or registration laws and regulations, anti-money laundering, consumer information privacy and security, breach notification, information sharing and telemarketing laws, home solicitation sales laws, tour operator laws, lodging certificate and seller of travel laws and other consumer protection laws. 
 We must obtain the approval of numerous governmental authorities for our marketing and sales activities. Changes in circumstances or applicable law may necessitate the application for or modification of existing approvals. In addition, many jurisdictions, including many jurisdictions in the United States, Canada and Mexico, require that we file detailed registration or offering statements with regulatory authorities disclosing information regarding our VOIs, such as information concerning the intervals being offered, the project, resort or program to which the intervals relate, applicable timeshare plans, evidence of title, details regarding our business, the purchaser s rights and obligations with respect to such intervals, and a description of the manner in which we intend to offer and advertise such intervals. 
 When we sell VOIs, including non-U.S. jurisdictions such as Mexico and Canada, local law grants the purchaser of a VOI the right to cancel a purchase contract during a specified rescission period following the later of the date the contract was signed or the date the purchaser received the last of the documents required to be provided by us. 
 In recent years, regulators in many jurisdictions have increased regulations and enforcement actions related to telemarketing operations, including requiring adherence to the federal Telephone Consumer Protection Act and do not call legislation. These measures have significantly increased the costs associated with telemarketing, in particular with respect to telemarketing to mobile numbers. While we continue to be subject to telemarketing risks and potential liability, we believe that our exposure to adverse effects from telemarketing legislation and enforcement is mitigated in some instances by the use of permission-based marketing in which we obtain permission to contact prospective purchasers in the future. We have also implemented procedures to comply with federal and state do not call regulations including subscribing to the federal do not call registry and certain state do not call registries as well as maintaining an internal do not call list. 
 Lending Regulation 
 Our lending and related activities are subject to a number of laws and regulations including those of applicable supervisory agencies such as, in the United States, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the FTC, and the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, and, in the case of our international operations, the Financial Conduct Authority (in the United Kingdom) and other similar or equivalent agencies in other countries and regions in which we operate. These laws and regulations, some of which contain exceptions applicable to the timeshare industry, may include, among others, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act and Regulation X, the Truth In Lending Act and Regulation Z, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Housing Act and implementing regulations, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E, unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices regulations and the Credit Practices rules, the USA PATRIOT Act, the Right to Financial Privacy Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Servicemember s Civil Relief Act and the Bank Secrecy Act. Our lending and related activities are also subject to the laws and regulations of other jurisdictions, including, among others, laws and regulations related to consumer loans, retail installment contracts, mortgage lending, fair debt collection and credit reporting practices, loan servicing, consumer debt collection practices, mortgage disclosure, lender or mortgage loan originator licensing and registration and anti-money laundering. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Resort and Club Management Regulation 
 Our resort management activities are subject to laws and regulations regarding community association management, public lodging, food and beverage services, liquor licensing, labor, employment, health care, health and safety, accessibility, discrimination, immigration, gaming and the environment (including climate change). In addition, many jurisdictions in which we manage our resorts have statutory provisions that limit the duration of the initial and renewal terms of our management agreements for HOAs. 
 Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to certain requirements and potential liabilities under various U.S. federal, state and local and foreign environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and incur costs in complying with such requirements. The costs of complying with these requirements are generally covered by the HOAs that operate the affected resort property and are our responsibility for assets owned by us. These laws and regulations govern actions including air emissions, the use, storage and disposal of hazardous and toxic substances, and wastewater disposal. In addition to investigation and remediation liabilities that could arise under such laws, we may also face personal injury, property damage, fines or other claims by third parties concerning environmental compliance or contamination. We use and store hazardous and toxic substances, such as cleaning materials, pool chemicals, heating oil and fuel for back-up generators at some of our facilities, and we generate certain wastes in connection with our operations. Some of our properties include, and some of our future properties may include, older buildings, and some may have, or may historically have had, dry-cleaning facilities and underground storage tanks for heating oil and back-up generators. We have, from time to time, been responsible for investigating and remediating contamination at some of our facilities, such as contamination that has been discovered when we have removed underground storage tanks, and we could be held responsible for any contamination resulting from the disposal of wastes that we generate, including at locations where such wastes have been sent for disposal. In some cases, we may be entitled to indemnification from the party that caused the contamination pursuant to our management, construction or renovation agreements, but there can be no assurance that we would be able to recover all or any costs we incur in addressing such problems. From time to time, we may also be required to manage, abate, remove or contain mold, lead, asbestos-containing materials, radon gas or other hazardous conditions found in or on our properties. We have implemented an on-going operations and maintenance plan at each of our properties that seeks to identify and remediate these conditions as appropriate. Although we have incurred, and expect that we will continue to incur, costs relating to the investigation, identification and remediation of hazardous materials known or discovered to exist at our properties, those costs have not had, and are not expected to have, a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Human Capital 
 For more than 30 years, we have created and delivered vacation experiences for guests from around the world. Our people first talent strategy is inclusive of programs and services that are designed to ensure that our employees feel engaged, appreciated and rewarded for their contributions. We focus on hiring practices that are reflective of our values and seek customer-centric individuals that embody a spirit of service towards our owners, guests and fellow team members. We believe hiring people with different backgrounds, cultures and perspectives leads to increased creativity and innovation. We are committed to connecting with and engaging talent from diverse backgrounds to ensure our team member population is reflective of the communities in which we live and work. 
 Using a multi-channel approach, we grow our HGV talent network through a variety of outreach programs that include targeted media, team member referrals and diversity outreach. As of December 31, 2022, more than 14,500 Team Members were employed at our timeshare resorts, call centers, sales centers, and corporate locations around the world. 
 We focus on employee retention initiatives, and have designed purposeful programs to nourish every aspect of the team member experience. These programs reward and highlight milestones, recognize the exceptional service standards of our diverse team member population, and promote our values. 
 Additionally, we make it a priority to appreciate and recognize team member milestones throughout their journey with HGV. We offer flexible recognition programs that support leaders to create meaningful and impactful moments for their teams. 
 We are committed to an inclusive workforce that fully represents many different cultures, backgrounds and viewpoints. Our Team Member Resource Groups ("TMRGs"), which are voluntary, employee-led groups, play an integral part in our culture of inclusion as we strive to foster openness, integrity and respect. We currently have 12 TMRG s: African American, Asia Pacific Islander, Hispanic Latino, LGBTQ Friends, Military, Women s, Disabilities, Environmental, Wisdom, Multi-Cultural, Parenting Caregivers, and Young Professionals. Each group is sponsored by a senior executive who provides leadership and helps drive initiatives across the business. In addition, we believe that multiple perspectives generate better solutions and relatability with our diverse base of customers and consumers. We 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 strive to ensure a common inclusion that we believe is reflected in our programs and initiatives, and we regularly seek team member feedback through our monthly pulse-checks, our annual engagement survey and ongoing discussions with our TMRG s. 
 Through a variety of delivery methods, we offer over 1,500 training and development courses to all of our team members focused on a variety of core competencies, including: leadership, diversity and inclusion, skills training, business acumen, culture and personal growth. In 2022, team members had approximately 140,000 course completions totaling 77,000 training hours, of which over 40,000 course completions and 31,000 training hours were dedicated to compliance training. 
 Approximately 71 of our team members are enrolled in our health and well-being programs. We offer a suite of benefit and wellness programs to support the diverse needs of our team members, including but not limited to: medical, dental, vision, an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 401(K), Employee Assistance Program, tuition reimbursement, spending accounts, life and disability insurance, discount programs, and a variety of voluntary benefits. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 9 of our employees were covered by various collective bargaining agreements, generally addressing pay rates, working hours, other terms and conditions of employment, certain employee benefits and orderly settlement of labor disputes. 
 
 Key Agreements with Hilton Worldwide Holdings 
 On January 3, 2017, in connection with the completion of the spin-off, each of us, Hilton and Park Hotels Resorts Inc. became a separate and independently traded company. In connection with the spin-off, we entered into various agreements with Hilton and Park. Certain of such agreements have been fully performed. However, several agreements continue to govern certain key transactions and arrangements between the parties, in particular between us and Hilton, including our license agreement. The following is a summary of the terms of such agreements. 
 Amended and Restated License Agreement 
 General 
 In connection with the spin-off, we entered into a long-term license agreement with Hilton granting us (i) the right to use certain trademarks, including, without limitation, Hilton Grand Vacations, HGV, and Hilton Club (collectively, the Hilton Marks ), in connection with the current and future operation of a Hilton branded vacation ownership business (the Licensed Business ), (ii) a license or right to use certain other Hilton-owned intellectual property, including promotional content and access to Hilton s reservation system and property management software (collectively with the Hilton Marks, the Hilton IP ), (iii) the right to use Hilton s loyalty program data and other customer information Hilton Data to promote the Licensed Business and for other internal business purposes, and (iv) certain other rights. In exchange for these rights, we have agreed to pay Hilton license and other fees, and have agreed to certain restrictions on the operation of our business. In most cases, such rights are exclusive to us, but there are certain exceptions, many of which are described below. While the license agreement permits us to operate certain businesses that do not conflict with Hilton s business, including non-Hilton branded vacation ownership business, we are not permitted to use any Hilton IP or Hilton Data for such non-Hilton branded portions of our businesses without Hilton s prior consent. 
 In March 2021, in connection with entering into a definitive agreement to complete, and in anticipation of consummating, the Diamond Acquisition, we amended and restated the license agreement to account for integrating the Diamond business and properties. In April 2022, we and Hilton further amended the license agreement to define, among other things, (a) a 5-year plan for rebranding and integrating a majority of the Diamond properties into our branded properties, along with minimum room conversion requirements, (b) converting all of the Diamond sales centers into our branded sales centers, and (c) the new licensed marks, HGV Max and Hilton Vacation Club (which new licensed marks are part of the Hilton Marks). 
 Initial Term and Renewal Terms 
 The initial term of the license agreement will expire on December 31, 2116. After the initial term ends, we may continue to use the Hilton IP and Hilton Data on a non-exclusive basis for a tail period of 30 years in connection with our then existing licensed timeshare business and properties, provided that we continue to comply with the terms of the license agreement, including the payment of license and other fees. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, Hilton is not permitted to compete or use the Hilton IP or Hilton Data in the vacation ownership business (or license others to do so), and we generally have the exclusive right to use the Hilton IP and Hilton Data for our vacation ownership business (subject to certain limited exceptions) until December 31, 2051. Such exclusivity and non-competition period may be extended for additional 10-year terms if we achieve certain revenue targets in the last year of the exclusivity term or any subsequent renewal term, as applicable, or, if we do not achieve such 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 applicable revenue target, by making a payment equal to 5 of the difference between certain revenue actually achieved and the applicable certain revenue target to cover such shortfall. Our ability to elect to make such additional payment to cover any shortfall is subject to a maximum of five payments during the renewal terms. 
 License Fee and Other Fees 
 In exchange for the license and various rights granted to us by Hilton, we pay a license fee of 5 of gross revenues to Hilton quarterly in arrears, as well as specified additional fees. Gross revenues include our gross sales for the initial sale or re-sale of interests in the Licensed Business (subject to certain limited exceptions), property operations revenue, transient rental revenue and other certain revenues earned all with respect to the Licensed Business. 
 To account for the integration of the Diamond business into our operations, Hilton agreed to a reduced license fee for the initial five (5) years following the closing of the Diamond Acquisition for gross revenue arising from properties and sales centers that are rebranded and become part of the Licensed Business. The reduced license fee ranges from 2 to 4 of the applicable gross revenue, increasing annually until it reaches 5 during the fifth year and beyond. This reduced license fee structure is contingent upon us achieving certain minimum rebranding milestones related to room conversions with respect to the Diamond business and properties on an annual and cumulative basis over the five-year rebranding plan. If we do not achieve such minimum milestones, we will be subject to an escalated license fee of up to an additional 1 , plus the original fee percentage, of the applicable gross revenue. The escalated license fee is subject to being readjusted to the original fee percentage if we achieve the applicable cumulative rebranding target milestone in subsequent years. If we fail to achieve the final cumulative target by September 30, 2031, Hilton has the election, by notice to us, to prohibit our future offering of HGV Max. 
 The license agreement also provides for a reduced license fee, ranging from 0 to 1.5 , over the initial five (5) years following the closing of the Diamond Acquisition for certain property level revenues (such as retail, food and beverage and transient rental at properties operating under the new Hilton Vacations Club brand) related to Diamond properties that are converted into our branded properties and become part of the Licensed Business. 
 Pending the rebranding, and so long as they remain non-Hilton licensed branded properties, the Diamond properties are required to be operated as a separate operation in accordance with the license agreement. As discussed above, we are not permitted to use any Hilton IP or Hilton Data for such non-Hilton branded properties, and, accordingly, no license fees are owed to Hilton in connection with revenues associated with such properties and unbranded operations. The license agreement sets forth specific parameters and requirements for any separation operations, including, without limitation, requirements for separate sales centers and personnel for sales related to such non-Hilton branded properties and operating such properties in completely separate physical locations as our Hilton-branded properties, subject to certain limited exceptions. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred license fee expense of 124 million, 80 million, and 51 million, respectively. 
 During the term of the license agreement, we are required to participate in Hilton s loyalty program, currently known as the Hilton Honors program. We can purchase Hilton Honors points at cost for 20 years after the date of the original license agreement, and thereafter at the market rate (with a most favored nation provision, pursuant to which such market rate is no higher than the price paid by strategic partners that purchase a comparable volume of points annually on comparable business terms). For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we paid Hilton 68 million, 43 million and 41 million, respectively, for Hilton Honors points. 
 We have entered into a separate agreement with Hilton that governs the transfer of calls from Hilton to us and other related telemarketing services. Under this agreement, Hilton is required to use its reasonable best efforts to transfer calls to us at a level consistent with past practice prior to the spin-off for the first ten years. Hilton is required to provide the call transfer services at cost for the first 30 years and at market rates thereafter. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we paid Hilton 12 million, 9 million and 6 million, respectively, for such call transfers. 
 Brand Standards; Additional Properties or Projects 
 We are required to comply with the Hilton brand standards applicable to the Licensed Business (which includes any part of the Diamond business that becomes part of the Licensed Business). The conversion of any Diamond property into our branded property is subject to an approval process by Hilton. In addition, the Diamond properties rebranding and conversions are subject to an additional fire and life safety review process by Hilton. Hilton also has the right to enter our vacation ownership properties at any time without notice and additional permission from us in order to verify that we are complying with the license agreement and Hilton s standards and guidelines. 
 We are required to obtain Hilton s consent to develop or operate any additional vacation ownership properties under the Hilton Marks (including on our own undeveloped parcels). 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Deflagging of Properties 
 Hilton has the right to deflag (prevent use of any Hilton IP or Hilton Data at) any property in our Licensed Business in certain circumstances, including if (i) a 10 million or more final judgment is assessed against such property or a foreclosure suit is initiated against such property and not vacated; (ii) an ongoing threat or danger to public health or safety occurs at such property; (iii) such property fails to meet certain quality assurance system performance thresholds; or (iv) such property is not operated in compliance with the license agreement or Hilton s other standards and agreements, and such breaches are not cured in accordance with the license agreement. 
 Certain Prohibited Transactions 
 The license agreement limits our ability to complete or participate in certain corporate transactions. Specifically, unless we obtain Hilton s prior written consent, we may not be able to: (i) merge with or acquire a Hilton competitor or a vacation ownership business that has entered into an operating agreement with a Hilton competitor; (ii) merge with or acquire a vacation ownership business together with a lodging business; or (iii) be acquired or combined with any entity other than an affiliate. However, we may acquire control of a business that is not a vacation ownership business or a lodging business without Hilton s consent, but we are required to operate such business as a separate operation that does not use the Hilton IP or Hilton Data unless Hilton consents to such use. As previously noted, under the license agreement, we are required to operate the Diamond business as a separate operation, pending the conversion of any Diamond properties to our branded property in accordance with the rebrand plan, which must be approved by Hilton. As previously disclosed, we obtained Hilton's consent under the license agreement for the Diamond Acquisition. 
 Without Hilton s prior consent, we may not assign our rights under the license agreement, except to one of our affiliates as part of an internal reorganization for tax or administrative purposes. 
 Other Restrictions 
 The license agreement imposes various other restrictions and requirements that pertain to, without limitation, co-sponsoring credit cards and other payment alternatives, engaging in any lodging business, confidentiality and data security, and strict maintenance of, and compliance with, separation operations that do not use any of Hilton IP or Hilton Data. 
 Termination Rights; Damages 
 Hilton has the right to terminate the license agreement as a whole if, among other things: (i) we file for bankruptcy or cease business operations; (ii) 25 percent or more of our Hilton-branded vacation ownership properties fail certain performance thresholds or the overall customer satisfaction score for all our Hilton-branded vacation ownership properties falls below a certain threshold level, and we do not promptly cure such failures; (iii) we operate the Licensed Business in a way that has a material adverse effect on Hilton; (iv) we fail to pay certain amounts due to Hilton (and in certain cases, do not promptly cure such failures); (v) we contest Hilton s ownership of the Hilton IP or the Hilton Data; (vi) we merge with, consolidate with or are acquired by a competitor of Hilton; or (vii) we assign the agreement to a non-affiliate without Hilton s consent. 
 Under the license agreement, our right to use the Hilton Marks as a trade, corporate, d/b/a or similar name will automatically terminate if: (i) the aggregate number of units of accommodation in our Licensed Business falls below two-thirds of the total number of units of accommodation in our entire vacation ownership business; (ii) we merge with or acquire control of the assets of certain Hilton competitors and we or they use their brands in any business after such acquisition; or (iii) we become an affiliate of another Hilton competitor. 
 If we breach our obligations under the license agreement, Hilton may, in addition to terminating the license agreement, be entitled to (depending on the nature of the breach): seek injunctive relief and/or monetary damages; suspend our access to and terminate our rights to use Licensed IP and/or Hilton Data (other than the Hilton Marks and certain other content); or terminate our rights to use the Licensed IP (including the Hilton Marks) and Hilton Data at specific locations that are not in compliance with performance standards. 
 If the license agreement terminates due to our fault before the end of the term, we are required to cease use of the Hilton IP and Hilton Data according to a specified schedule. Hilton has the right to demand liquidated damages based upon its uncollected royalties and fees for the remainder of the term. 
 We are required to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Hilton from and against any claim or liability resulting from: (i) third-party claims based on (a) our breach of the license agreement; (b) the operation of our vacation ownership properties; (c) any use of the Hilton IP or Hilton Data in violation of the license agreement and (d) any use of any content provided to us pursuant to the license agreement; or (ii) claims based on any security breach of our systems and/or unauthorized use or disclosure of Hilton Data. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended and Restated License Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 10.2 to HGV s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021, and the First Amendment to Amended and Restated License Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to HGV s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 7, 2022. 
 Distribution Agreement 
 We entered into a Distribution Agreement with Hilton and Park (the Distribution Agreement in connection with the spin-off. The Distribution Agreement provided for certain transfers of assets and assumptions of liabilities by each of Hilton, HGV and Park and the settlement or extinguishment of certain liabilities and other obligations among Hilton, HGV and Park. In addition, HGV, Hilton and Park agreed that losses related to certain contingent liabilities (and related costs and expenses) that generally are not specifically attributable to any of the separated real estate business, the timeshare business or the retained business of Hilton Shared Contingent Liabilities will be apportioned among the parties according to fixed percentages of 65 , 26 and 9 for Hilton, Park and HGV, respectively. Costs and expenses of, and indemnification obligations to, third party professional advisors arising out of the foregoing actions also may be subject to these provisions. Subject to certain limitations and exceptions, Hilton will generally be vested with the exclusive management and control of all matters pertaining to any such Shared Contingent Liabilities. To date, there have been no contingent liabilities subject to these provisions since the spin-off. The Distribution Agreement also provides for cross-indemnities that, except as otherwise provided in the Distribution Agreement, are principally designed to place financial responsibility for the obligations and liabilities of each business with the appropriate company. 
 The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Distribution Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 2.1 to HGV s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2017. 
 Tax Matters Agreement 
 We have entered into a Tax Matters Agreement with Hilton and Park (the Tax Matters Agreement that governs the respective rights, responsibilities and obligations of Hilton, Park and us after the spin-off with respect to tax liabilities and benefits, tax attributes, tax contests and other tax sharing regarding U.S. federal, state, local and foreign income taxes, other tax matters and related tax returns. Although binding between the parties, the Tax Matters Agreement is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service IRS ). We and Park each will continue to have several liabilities with Hilton to the IRS for the consolidated U.S. federal income taxes of the Hilton consolidated group relating to the taxable periods in which we and Park were part of that group. The Tax Matters Agreement specifies the portion, if any, of this tax liability for which we and Park will bear responsibility, and each party has agreed to indemnify the other two parties against any amounts for which they are not responsible. The Tax Matters Agreement also provides special rules for allocating tax liabilities in the event that the spin-off is not tax-free. In general, under the Tax Matters Agreement, each party is responsible for any taxes imposed on Hilton that arise from the failure of the spin-off and certain related transactions to qualify as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, as applicable, and certain other relevant provisions of the Code, to the extent that the failure to qualify is attributable to actions taken by such party (or with respect to such party s stock). The parties share responsibility, in accordance with sharing percentages applicable to Shared Contingent Liabilities, for any such taxes imposed on Hilton that are not attributable to actions taken by a party. In addition, to the extent that any taxes that may be imposed on the Hilton consolidated group for the taxable periods prior to the spin-offs relates to our timeshare business, we would be liable for the full amount under the Tax Matters Agreement. 
 The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Tax Matters Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 10.2 to HGV s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2017. 
 Stockholders Agreement with Apollo 
 In connection with the Diamond Acquisition, the Company, certain funds affiliated with Apollo, and, for certain limited purposes, Hilton entered into a stockholders agreement on August 2, 2021. For purposes of this section, the term Apollo Investors includes any affiliates of Apollo to whom the Apollo Closing Shares (defined below) may be transferred. 
 Board and Governance Rights 
 Under the stockholders agreement, the Apollo Investors have the right to designate two individuals (the Apollo Designees to serve on the Company s board of directors, out of a total of nine directors. If our Board increases its size, for every three additional directors added, the Apollo Investors have the right to appoint the third such director so long as the Apollo Investors (or their affiliates who have executed a joinder agreement to become party to the stockholders 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 agreement) retain 23,935,707 of the aggregate number of shares of our common stock that the Apollo Investors received in the Diamond Acquisition (such shares, the Apollo Closing Shares ). 
 The Apollo Investors right to designate members of the board of directors will step down as their ownership decreases, as follows: (a) ownership below 17,951,780 of the Apollo Closing Shares, one Apollo Designee will be required to resign; and (b) ownership below 11,967,853 of the Apollo Closing Shares, the second Apollo Designee will be required to resign, and the Apollo Investors will no longer be entitled to any representation on our Board. The Apollo Investors are not permitted to buy back into the right to designate any Apollo Designees to our Board by acquiring shares of our common stock in the future. 
 Transfer Restrictions 
 The Apollo Investors were subject to a 160-day lock-up period that expired on January 9, 2022. Currently, the Apollo Investors may freely transfer their shares so long as such transfers (i) comply with the volume and manner of sale restrictions in Rule 144, (ii) (a) involve the transfer of less than 5 of our total outstanding stock to any person or group, and (b) are not to certain competitors of HGV or Hilton, known holders of 5 or more of our common stock or known activists, or (iii) are pursuant to an underwritten offering or a broker-facilitated block trade. 
 Standstill Obligations 
 The Apollo Investors are subject to certain standstill obligations so long as they (i) own a number of shares equal to 5 of the total outstanding shares of our common stock or (ii) have the right to designate at least one director (later of these two dates, the Standstill Removal Date ). Such standstill obligations include customary prohibitions on certain actions, including acquiring additional stock of the Company, seeking to control or influence our board of directors or our management, and publicly offering to acquire HGV. 
 Voting Matters 
 So long as the Apollo Investors own at least 5,983,927 of the Apollo Closing Shares, they are obligated to vote all of their shares as recommended by our board of directors with respect to routine matters put to a vote of our stockholders. So long as the Apollo Investors hold at least 11,967,853 of the Apollo Closing Shares, the consent of the Apollo Investors is required to (i) amend our certificate of incorporation or bylaws in a manner that would require stockholder approval and would materially, disproportionately and adversely affect the rights of the Apollo Investors, or (ii) increase the size of our board of directors to exceed twelve directors; provided, that the Apollo Investors have no such consent right for amendments to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws to adopt a poison pill approved by our board of directors. 
 Registration Rights 
 The Apollo Investors have certain customary registration rights pursuant to which they may request that we register the Apollo Closing Shares on a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, subject to standard carve-outs. In addition, the Apollo Investors have certain piggyback rights allowing them to participate in registered public offerings by the Company. The Apollo Investors are responsible for paying all expenses for the registration of their shares. 
 Pre-emptive Rights 
 The Apollo Investors have limited preemptive rights on certain future equity issuances by us, subject to customary carve-outs and limitations, so long as the Apollo Investors own at least 11,967,853 shares of the Apollo Closing Shares. 
 Termination 
 The stockholders agreement will terminate when the Apollo Investors no longer own at least 5,983,927 of the Apollo Closing Shares; provided, that certain provisions have different termination dates. 
 The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the stockholders agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to HGV s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 3, 2021. 
 Where You Can Find More Information 
 Our website address is www.hgv.com. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference herein. We file reports with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements on Schedule 14A (both preliminary and final, as applicable), and certain amendments to these reports. Copies of these reports are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file the reports with the SEC. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks of which you should be aware before making an investment decision. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Macroeconomic and other factors beyond our control; 
 Contraction in the global economy or low levels of economic growth; 
 Risks inherent to the timeshare and hospitality industry, including reliance on tourism and travel, and competition within the industry; 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, other epidemics or pandemics, and related events, including the various measures implemented or adopted to respond to the pandemic; 
 Material harm to our business if we breach our license agreement with Hilton or the agreement is terminated; 
 Our ability to use the Hilton brands and trademarks and rebrand the acquired Diamond business and properties; 
 The quality and reputation of the Hilton brands and affiliation with the Hilton Honors loyalty program; 
 The ability of our critical marketing programs and activities to generate tour flow and contract sales and increase our revenues; 
 Financial and operational risks related to acquisitions and business ventures, including partnerships or joint ventures; 
 Our dependence on development activities and risks related to our real estate investments; 
 The geographic concentration of properties we manage; 
 Our current operations and future expansion outside of the United States; 
 Our ability to hire, retain and motivate key personnel and our reliance on the services of our management team and employees; 
 Third-party reservation channels affecting our bookings for room rental revenue; 
 Impairment losses that could adversely affect our results of operations; 
 Our insurance policies not covering all potential losses; 
 Our ability to remediate an identified material weakness and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures; 
 A decline in developed or acquired VOI inventory or failure to enter into and maintain fee-for service agreements or inability to source VOI inventory or finance sales if we or third-party developers are unable to access capital; 
 The sales of VOIs in the secondary market; 
 Our limited underwriting standards and a possible decline in the default rates or other credit metrics underlying our timeshare financing receivables; 
 The expiration, termination or renegotiation of our management agreements; 
 Disagreements with VOI owners or HOAs or the failure of HOA boards to collect sufficient fees or increases in maintenance fees at our resorts; 
 Failure to keep pace with developments in technology; 
 Lack of awareness or understanding of and failure to effectively manage our social media; 
 Cyber-attacks or our failure to maintain the security and integrity of company, employee, customer or third-party data; 
 Our ability to comply with a wide variety of laws, regulations and policies, including those applicable to our international operations; 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in privacy laws, environmental laws, tax laws or accounting rules or regulations; 
 Failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our international operations; 
 Our substantial indebtedness and other contractual obligations, restrictions imposed on us by certain of our debt agreements and instruments and our variable rate indebtedness which subjects us to interest rate risk; 
 Failure to comply with agreements relating to our outstanding indebtedness; 
 Our ability, or the ability of our subsidiaries, to generate sufficient cash to meet our needs and service our indebtedness; 
 Potential liabilities related to our spin-off from Hilton, including U.S. federal income tax liabilities, liabilities arising out of state and federal fraudulent conveyance laws and the possible assumption of responsibilities for obligations allocated to Hilton or Park; 
 The sufficiency of any indemnity Hilton or Park is required to provide us and the amount of any indemnity we may be required to provide Hilton or Park related to the period prior to the spin-off; 
 The ability of our board of directors to change corporate policies without stockholder approval; 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law and consent requirements in our license agreement with Hilton that may deter a potential business combination transaction; 
 Fluctuation in the market price and trading volume of our common stock; 
 Our ability to repurchase our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program or that our share repurchase program will enhance long-term shareholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the price of our common stock and diminish our cash reserves. 
 The actions of activist stockholders; 
 Our ability to integrate the Diamond business successfully or realize the anticipated cost savings, synergies and growth in operating results; and 
 Our ability to effectively manage our expanded operations resulting from the Diamond Acquisition, including the trust system associated with the Diamond business. 
 The foregoing is only a summary of our risks. These and other risks are discussed more fully in the section entitled Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Factors 
 We are subject to various risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and stock price. You should carefully consider the risk factors discussed below, in addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Further, other risks and uncertainties not presently known to management or that management currently deems less significant also may result in material and adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and stock price. The risks below also include forward-looking statements; and actual results and events may differ substantially from those discussed or highlighted in these forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Industry 
 Macroeconomic and other factors beyond our control can adversely affect and reduce demand for our products and services. 
 Macroeconomic and other factors beyond our control can reduce demand for our products and services, including demand for timeshare products. These factors include, but are not limited to: 
 changes in general economic conditions, including low consumer confidence, high unemployment levels and depressed real estate prices resulting from the severity and duration of any downturn in the U.S. or global economy; 
 war, political conditions or civil unrest, violence or terrorist activities or threats and heightened travel security measures instituted in response to these events; 
 the financial and general business condition of the travel industry; 
 statements, actions or interventions by governmental officials related to travel and the resulting negative public perception of such travel; 
 conditions that negatively shape public perception of travel, including travel-related accidents and outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases, such as COVID-19, Ebola, avian flu, severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), H1N1 (swine flu) and the Zika virus; 
 cyber-attacks; 
 price and availability of natural resources and supplies; 
 natural or manmade disasters, such as earthquakes, windstorms, tornadoes, hurricanes, typhoons, tsunamis, volcanic eruptions, floods, drought, fires, oil spills and nuclear incidents, and the effects of climate change increasing the frequency and severity of extreme weather events; and 
 organized labor activities, which could cause a diversion of business from resorts involved in labor negotiations and loss of business generally for the resorts we manage as a result of certain labor tactics. 
 Any one or more of these factors can adversely affect, and from time to time have adversely affected, individual resorts, particular regions and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Contraction in the global economy or low levels of economic growth could adversely affect our revenues and profitability as well as limit or slow our future growth. 
 Consumer demand for products and services provided by the timeshare industry is closely linked to the performance of the general economy and is sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels. Decreased global or regional demand for products and services provided by the timeshare industry can be especially pronounced during periods of economic contraction or low levels of economic growth, and the recovery period in our industry may lag overall economic improvement. Declines in demand for our products and services due to general economic conditions could negatively affect our business by decreasing the revenues we are able to generate from our VOI sales, financing activities and Club and resort operations. In addition, many of the expenses associated with our business, including personnel costs, interest, rent, property taxes, insurance and utilities, are relatively fixed. During a period of overall economic weakness, if we are unable to meaningfully decrease these costs as demand for our products and services decreases, our business operations and financial performance may be adversely affected. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to business, financial and operating risks inherent to the timeshare and hospitality industry, any of which could reduce our revenues and limit opportunities for growth. 
 Our business is subject to a number of business, financial and operating risks inherent to the timeshare industry, including: 
 changes in the supply and demand for our products and services; 
 our ability to securitize the receivables that we originate in connection with VOI sales; 
 delays in or cancellations of planned or future development or refurbishment projects; 
 the financial condition of third-party developers with whom we do business; 
 relationships with third-party developers, our Club members and HOAs; 
 changes in desirability of geographic regions of our resorts and affiliated resorts, geographic concentration of our operations and shortages of desirable locations for development; 
 changes in operating costs, including energy, food, employee compensation and benefits and insurance; 
 increases in costs due to inflation or otherwise, including increases in our operating costs, that may not be fully offset by price and fee increases in our business; 
 changes in taxes and/or governmental regulations that influence or set wages, prices, interest rates or construction and maintenance procedures and costs; 
 significant increases in cost of health care coverage for employees, and various government regulation with respect to health care coverage; 
 shortages of labor or labor disruptions; 
 the availability and cost of capital necessary for us, and third-party developers with whom we do business, to fund investments, capital expenditures and service debt obligations; 
 significant competition from other timeshare businesses and hospitality providers in the markets in which we operate; 
 market and/or consumer perception and reputation of timeshare companies and the industry in general; 
 the economic environment for and trends in the tourism and hospitality industry, which may impact the vacationing and purchasing decisions of consumers; 
 the influence of social media on consumers lodging decisions; 
 increases in the use of third-party and competitor internet services to book hotel reservations, secure short-term lodging accommodations and market vacation rental properties; 
 legal, business or regulatory issues unique to the geographic locations of our resorts and affiliated resorts, which could increase the cost of or result in delays in entering into or expanding in those locations. 
 limited underwriting standards due to the real-time nature of industry sales practices; 
 private resales of VOIs and the sale of VOIs in the secondary market; and 
 the impact on the industry of unlawful or deceptive third-party VOI resale or vacation package sales schemes. 
 Any of these factors could increase our costs or limit or reduce the prices we are able to charge for our products and services or otherwise affect our ability to maintain existing properties or products, develop new properties, products and services or source VOI supply from third parties. As a result, any of these factors can reduce our revenues and limit opportunities for growth. 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry. 
 The timeshare industry is highly competitive. The Hilton brands we use compete with the timeshare brands affiliated with major hotel chains in national and international venues, and we compete generally with the vacation rental options generally offered by the lodging and travel industry (e.g., hotels, resorts, home and apartment sharing services, and condominium rentals) and other options such as cruises. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 We also compete with other timeshare developers for sales of VOIs based principally on location, quality of accommodations, price, service levels and amenities, financing terms, quality of service, terms of property use, reservation systems, flexibility for VOI owners to exchange into time at other timeshare properties, or other travel rewards, including access to hotel loyalty programs, as well as brand name recognition and reputation. A number of our competitors are significantly larger than we are and have potentially greater access to capital resources and broader marketing, sales and distribution capabilities. We also compete with numerous other smaller owners and operators of timeshare resorts, as well as home and apartment sharing services that market available privately owned residential properties that can be rented on a nightly, weekly or monthly basis. In addition, we are in competition with national and independent timeshare resale companies and members reselling existing VOIs on the secondary market, which could reduce demand or prices for sales of new VOIs. We also compete with other timeshare management companies in the management of resorts on behalf of owners on the basis of quality, cost, types of services offered and relationship. We compete with other timeshare companies for off-site sales centers, through which we market our products to potential members, including in locations like high-traffic shopping centers and tourist attractions in leisure destinations. 
 We compete for property acquisitions and partnerships with entities that have similar investment objectives as we do. This competition could limit the number of, or negatively affect the cost of, suitable investment opportunities available to us. 
 Recent and potential future consolidation in the highly fragmented timeshare industry may increase competition. Consolidation may create competitors that enjoy significant advantages resulting from, among other things, a lower cost of, and greater access to, capital and enhanced operating efficiencies. 
 Our ability to remain competitive and to attract and retain members depends on our success in distinguishing the quality and value of our products and services from those offered by others. If we cannot compete successfully in these areas or if our marketing and sales efforts are not successful and we are unable to convert customers to a sufficient number of sales, this could negatively affect our operating profits and margins and our ability to recover the expense of our marketing programs and grow our business, diminish our market share and reduce our earnings. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and related events have had, and may from time to time continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the various measures taken or implemented by governments and other authorities in the United States and around the world, businesses, organizations and individuals had, and may from time to time continue to have, an adverse impact on domestic and international travel, consumer demand for travel, commercial activities across the travel, lodging and hospitality industries, businesses generally, and consequently, on our business and operations. These measures, as well as a drop in demand for travel and leisure activities, adversely impacted our business. 
 In response to the pandemic, we implemented a variety of measures that are or were required, or we believe are advisable, for our business with the goal of keeping our customers, owners, team members, and the communities we serve as safe as reasonably feasible from the COVID-19 virus. 
 The conditions caused by the pandemic continue to be unpredictable, including as a result of new variants and governmental responses or restrictions and changes in behavior as a result. We will continue to monitor and respond to any restrictions or recommendations of national and local governments and public health agencies related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and could be subject to similar restrictions or impacts resulting from epidemics or global pandemics in the future. 
 
 Risks Related to the Operation of Our Business 
 We do not own the Hilton brands and our business will be materially harmed if we breach our license agreement with Hilton or it is terminated. 
 Following the spin-off of HGV from Hilton in January 2017, Hilton retained ownership of the Hilton-branded trademarks, tradenames and certain related intellectual property used in the operation of our business. We entered into a license agreement with Hilton granting us the right to use the Hilton-branded trademarks, trade names and related intellectual property in our business for the term of the agreement. The license agreement was amended and restated in connection with the Diamond Acquisition to facilitate our integration of the Diamond business and create a license fee structure related to the integration. If we breach our obligations under the license agreement, Hilton may be entitled to terminate the license agreement or terminate our rights to use the Hilton brands and other Hilton intellectual property at properties that do not meet applicable standards and policies, or to exercise other remedies. Pursuant to the license agreement, Hilton would be the sole owner of certain licensed marks related to any new brands associated with the Diamond portfolio that are developed by us. If the license agreement is terminated, we could lose the right to use one or more of such new brands. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 The termination of the license agreement or exercise of other remedies would materially harm our business and results of operations and impair our ability to market and sell our products and maintain our competitive position. For example, if we are not able to rely on the strength of the Hilton brands to attract prospective members and guests in the marketplace, our revenue and profits would decline and our marketing and sales expenses would increase. If we are not able to use Hilton s marketing databases and corporate-level advertising channels to reach potential members and guests, including Hilton s internet address as a channel through which to market available inventory, our member growth would be adversely affected and our revenue would materially decline, and it is unlikely that we would be able to replace the revenue associated with those channels. 
 Even if the license agreement remains in effect, the termination or restriction of our rights to use any branded trademarks, trade names and related intellectual property licensed to us by Hilton at properties that fail to meet applicable standards and policies, or any deterioration of quality or reputation of the Hilton brands (even deterioration not leading to termination of our rights under the license agreement or not caused by us), could also harm our reputation and impair our ability to market and sell our products, which could materially harm our business. 
 In addition, if license agreement terms relating to the Hilton Honors loyalty program terminate, we would not be able to offer Hilton Honors points to our members and guests. This would adversely affect our ability to sell our products, offer the flexibility associated with our Club membership and sustain our collection performance on our timeshare financing receivables portfolio. 
 Finally, the license agreement imposes a number of restrictions or prohibitions on our business and operations, and our ability to engage in a number of transactions, including, without limitations, acquiring or being acquired by another entity, and engaging in any lodging business or otherwise competing with Hilton, in each case without Hilton s consent. Any noncompliance with any of these provision may result in the termination of the license agreement, either automatically or at Hilton s election. In addition, while we are permitted under the license agreement to engage in certain other businesses, including owning and operating vacation ownership business and properties that are not Hilton-branded, in such instances, we are not permitted to use any of the rights and assets provided by Hilton under the license agreement in connection with such business and operation. In fact, we are required to comply with various requirements to operate such business and properties as separate operation. However, if any such non-Hilton branded vacation ownership properties and related units exceed certain thresholds, we may lose certain rights to use the Hilton trademark, including our Hilton Grand Vacations corporate name. In addition, any non-compliance with the separation operations provision may give rise to Hilton s ability to terminate the license agreement. Any of the foregoing and other factors that lead to Hilton s termination of the license agreement will have a material and irreparable adverse impact on our business. See Item 1. Business Key Agreements with Hilton Worldwide Holdings. 
 We will rely on Hilton to consent to our use of its trademarks at new properties we manage in the future. 
 Under the terms of our license agreement with Hilton, we are required to obtain Hilton s consent to use its trademarks in circumstances specified in the license agreement. Hilton may reject a proposed project in certain circumstances. Any requirements to obtain Hilton s consent to our expansion plans, including the ongoing conversion of the acquired Diamond resorts to Hilton branded properties, or the need to identify and secure alternative expansion opportunities because Hilton does not allow us to use its trademarks with proposed new projects, may delay implementation of our expansion plans, cause us to incur additional expense or reduce the financial viability of our projects. Further, if Hilton does not permit us to use its trademarks in connection with our expansion plans, our ability to expand our Hilton-branded timeshare business would cease and our ability to remain competitive may be materially adversely affected. See Our ability to integrate the acquired Diamond business could be harmed if Hilton does not consent to the use of their trademarks in connection with the conversion of Diamond resorts and Item 1. Business Key Agreements with Hilton Worldwide Holdings. 
 Our business depends on the quality and reputation of the Hilton brands and affiliation with the Hilton Honors loyalty program. 
 Currently, our Legacy HGV products and services are offered under the Hilton brand names and affiliated with the Hilton Honors loyalty program, and we intend to continue to develop and offer products and services under the Hilton brands and affiliated with the Hilton Honors loyalty program in the future, including the products acquired in the Diamond Acquisition. In addition, the license agreement contains significant prohibitions on our ability to own or operate properties that are not Hilton brand names. The concentration of our products and services under these brands and program may expose us to risks of brand or program deterioration, or reputational decline, that are greater than if our portfolio were more diverse. Furthermore, as we are not the owner of the Hilton brands or the Hilton Honors loyalty program, changes to these brands and program or our access to them, including our ability to buy points to offer to our members and potential members, could negatively affect our business. Any failure by Hilton to protect the trademarks, trade names and intellectual property that we license from it could reduce the value of the Hilton brands and also harm our business. If these 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 brands or program deteriorate or materially change in an adverse manner, or the reputation of these brands or program declines, our market share, reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 We rely on several critical marketing programs and activities to generate tour flow and contract sales and increase our revenues. 
 We rely on several critical marketing activities to engage with potential VOI purchasers for generating tour flow, contract sales and financing fees, resort management and other revenues. These include targeted direct marketing, transfers of calls by Hilton of its customers to us pursuant to an agreement, and the successful implementation of our digital and technology-based marketing strategy. Any significant changes to one or more factors that adversely affect such marketing activities, such as changes in consumer behavior and preference for vacations or a decrease in the number of calls being transferred from Hilton due to increasing consumer reliance on digital tools, will adversely impact our revenue. 
 We may experience financial and operational risks in connection with acquisitions and other opportunistic business ventures. 
 We will consider strategic acquisitions to expand our inventory options and distribution capabilities; however, we may be unable to identify attractive acquisition candidates or complete transactions on favorable terms. Future acquisitions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities and/or the assumption of contingent liabilities. These acquisitions may also be structured in such a way that we will be assuming unknown or undisclosed liabilities or obligations. Moreover, we may be unable to efficiently integrate acquisitions, management attention and other resources may be diverted away from other potentially more profitable areas of our business and in some cases these acquisitions may turn out to be less compatible with our growth and operational strategy than originally anticipated. The occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As part of our business strategy, we also intend to continue collaborating with Hilton on timeshare development opportunities at new and existing hotel properties and explore growth opportunities along the Hilton brand spectrum, as well as expand our marketing partnerships and travel exchange partners. However, we may be unable to successfully enter into these arrangements on favorable terms or launch related products and services, or such products and services may not gain acceptance among our members or be profitable. The failure to develop and execute any such initiatives on a cost-effective basis could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Partnership or joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on partners or co-venturers financial condition, disputes between us and our partners or co-venturers and our obligation to guaranty certain obligations beyond the amount of our investments. 
 We have co-invested with third parties and we may in the future co-invest with other third parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities, acquiring non-controlling interests in, or sharing responsibility for managing the affairs, of a timeshare property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. Consequently, with respect to any such third-party arrangements, we would not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the property, partnership, joint venture or other entity, and may, under certain circumstances, be exposed to risks not present if a third party were not involved, including the possibility that partners or co-venturers might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contribution. In addition, we may be forced to make contributions to maintain the value of the property. Such investments may also have the potential risk of impasses on decisions, such as a sale, because neither we nor the partner or co-venturer may have full control over the partnership or joint venture. We and our respective partners or co-venturers may each have the right to trigger a buy-sell right or forced sale arrangement, which could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partners or co-venturers interest, or to sell the underlying asset, either on unfavorable terms or at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction. In addition, a sale or transfer by us to a third party of our interests in the partnership or joint venture may be subject to consent rights or rights of first refusal in favor of our partners or co-venturers, which would in each case restrict our ability to dispose of our interest in the partnership or joint venture. Any or all of these factors could adversely affect the value of our investment, our ability to exit, sell or dispose of our investment at times that are beneficial to us, or our financial commitment to maintaining our interest in the joint ventures. 
 Our joint ventures may be subject to debt and the refinancing of such debt, and we may be required to provide certain guarantees or be responsible for the full amount of the debt, beyond the amount of our equity investment, in certain circumstances in the event of a default. Our joint venture partners may take actions that are inconsistent with the interests of the partnership or joint venture, or in violation of the financing arrangements and trigger our guaranty, which may expose us to substantial financial obligation and commitment that are beyond our ability to fund. In addition, partners or co-venturers may have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals and may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our policies or objectives. In some instances, 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 partners or co-venturers may have competing interests in our markets that could create conflict of interest issues. Disputes between us and partners or co-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers from focusing their time and effort on our business. Consequently, actions by or disputes with partners or co-venturers might result in subjecting assets owned by the partnership or joint venture, and to the extent of any guarantee our assets, to additional risk. In addition, we may, in certain circumstances, be liable for the actions of our third-party partners or co-venturers. 
 Our dependence on development activities exposes us to project cost and completion risks. 
 We secure VOI inventory in part by developing new timeshare properties and new phases of existing timeshare properties. We have continued our construction activities as a critical source of developing new inventories that we sell and will continue to sell. Our ongoing involvement in the development of inventory presents a number of risks, including: 
 weakness in the capital markets limiting our ability to raise capital for completion of projects or for development of future properties or products; 
 construction costs and the costs of materials and supplies, to the extent they escalate faster than the pace at which we can increase the price of VOIs, adversely affecting our profits and margins; 
 construction delays, supply chain delays, labor shortages, zoning and other local, state or federal governmental approvals, particularly in new geographic areas with which we are unfamiliar, cost overruns, lender financial defaults, or natural or man-made disasters, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, hurricanes, floods, fires, volcanic eruptions and oil spills, increasing overall project costs, affecting timing of project completion or resulting in project cancellations; 
 any liability or alleged liability or resultant delays associated with latent defects in design or construction of projects we have developed or that we construct in the future adversely affecting our business, financial condition and reputation; 
 failure by third-party contractors to perform for any reason, exposing us to operational, reputational and financial harm; and 
 the existence of any title defects in properties we acquire. 
 We also source inventory from third-party developers that are exposed to such risks, and the occurrence of any of these risks with respect to those third parties could have a material adverse effect on our access to the inventory sourced from these developers. In addition, developing new VOIs to market and sell requires us to register such VOIs in applicable states, which necessitates the incurrence of additional time and cost, and in many jurisdictions, the exact date of any such registration approvals cannot be accurately predicted. Any significant delays in timeshare project registration approvals will materially adversely impact our sales activities and thereby negatively impact our revenue. See Our business is regulated under a wide variety of laws, regulations and policies, and failure to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our business. 
 Our real estate investments subject us to numerous risks. 
 We are subject to the risks that generally relate to investments in and the development of real property. A variety of factors affect income from properties and real estate values, including laws and regulations, insurance, interest rate levels and the availability of financing. Our license agreement or other agreements with Hilton may require us to incur unexpected costs required to cause our properties to comply with applicable standards and policies. In recent years, our financial results have been positively impacted by a lower interest rate environment. However, when interest rates increase the cost of acquiring, developing, expanding or renovating real property increases, and real property values may decrease as the number of potential buyers decrease. Similarly, as financing becomes less available, it becomes more difficult both to acquire and develop real property. Many costs of real estate investments, such as real estate taxes, insurance premiums, maintenance costs and certain operating costs, are generally more fixed than variable, and as a result are not reduced even when a property is not fully sold or occupied. If any of these risks were realized, they could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 We manage a concentration of properties in particular geographic areas, which exposes our business to the effects of regional events and occurrences. 
 Our properties are concentrated in certain geographic areas including Florida, Europe, Hawaii, California, Arizona, Nevada, and Virginia and are, therefore, particularly susceptible to adverse developments in those areas. These economic developments include regional economic downturns, significant increases in the number of our competitors products in these markets, and potentially higher labor, real estate, tax or other costs in the geographic markets in which we are concentrated. In addition, the properties we manage are subject to the effects of adverse acts of natural or man-made 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 disasters, including earthquakes, windstorms, tornadoes, hurricanes, typhoons, tsunamis, volcanic eruptions, floods, drought, fires, oil spills and nuclear incidents. Extreme weather events and adverse weather conditions, including hurricanes, flooding and forest fires, that impact the areas in which our properties are concentrated may increase in frequency and severity as a result of climate change. Depending on the severity of these disasters, the damage could require closure of all or substantially all of these properties in one or more markets for a period of time while the necessary repairs and renovations, as applicable, are undertaken. In addition, we cannot guarantee that the amount of insurance maintained for these properties from time to time would entirely cover damages caused by any such event. Further, actual or threatened war, political conditions or civil unrest, violence or terrorist activities or threats and heightened travel security measures instituted in response to these events, could also interrupt or deter vacation plans to our key markets. As a result of this geographic concentration of properties, we face a greater risk of a negative effect on our revenues in the event these areas are more severely and more frequently affected by adverse economic and competitive conditions, extreme weather, man-made disasters, and political and civil unrest. 
 Our current operations and future expansion outside of the United States make us susceptible to the risks of doing business internationally, which could lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits or disrupt our business. 
 We currently have timeshare properties located in the United States, Europe, Mexico, the Caribbean, Canada and Japan. We also market our products and services in the Asia Pacific region, primarily in Japan and South Korea. In addition, as part of our business strategy, we intend to continue the expansion of our operations in Japan, including by developing property there and selling VOIs at properties located in Japan, as well as explore further expansion opportunities in other countries located in the Asia Pacific region, Mexico, Europe and the Caribbean. Such activities may not be limited only to marketing efforts for existing international and U.S. properties and products in other countries, but may also include acquiring, developing, managing, marketing, offering and/or financing timeshare properties and VOI related products and services in such countries. Current and future international operations expose us to a number of additional challenges and risks that may not be inherent in operating solely in the U.S., including, for example, the following: 
 rapid changes in governmental, economic, legislative or political policy; 
 political or civil unrest, acts of terrorism or the threat of international boycotts or U.S. anti-boycott legislation; 
 negative impact on governmental relationships between those countries in which we currently operate or have future expansion plans, on one hand, and the U.S., on the other hand, which may result in undesirable trade, travel or similar regulations, thereby negatively affecting the tourism industry generally, and the timeshare and leisure industry specifically; 
 increases in anti-American sentiment and the identification of the Hilton brands as American brands; 
 recessionary trends or economic instability in international markets; 
 changes in foreign currency exchange rates or currency restructurings and hyperinflation or deflation in the countries in which we operate; 
 the effect of disruptions caused by severe weather, natural disasters, outbreaks of disease or other events that make travel to a particular region less attractive or more difficult; 
 the presence and acceptance of varying levels of business corruption in international markets and the effect of various anti-corruption and other laws; 
 the imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds; 
 the ability to comply with or effect of complying with complex and changing laws, regulations and policies of foreign governments that may affect investments or operations, including foreign ownership restrictions, import and export controls, tariffs, embargoes, increases in taxes paid and other changes in applicable tax laws; 
 uncertain, unfamiliar and/or unpredictable regulatory environment that may adversely affect the acquisition, development, management, marketing, sales, financings, and related activities that affect the lodging, real estate, and travel industries, and, more specifically, to the timeshare industry, such as zoning laws, real estate development regulations, and consumer privacy; 
 exposure to litigation in foreign jurisdictions, including the expense and time necessary to litigate and the potential of adverse outcomes: 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 consequences of the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union, including new or different regulations; 
 uncertainties as to local laws regarding, and enforcement of, contract and intellectual property rights; 
 forced nationalization of resort properties by local, state or national governments; 
 different social or cultural norms and practices that are not customary in the U.S.; and 
 the difficulties involved in managing an organization doing business in different countries. 
 These and other factors may materially adversely affect our business generally, future expansion plans, revenues from international operations, and costs and profits, as well as our financial condition. Our acquisition of Diamond has expanded our operations to a number of jurisdictions in which we had not previously operated and subjected us to a number of additional legal considerations. Expansion of our international operations into other countries and territories may result in greater inefficiencies in navigating the risks of operating internationally and could result in greater effects on our business than would be experienced by a company with greater international experience. 
 Similarly, we market our U.S. and international properties in Japan, have begun developing products and services in Japan, and intend to continue the expansion of our operations in Japan. The Japanese economy has in recent years experienced periods of fiscal and economic volatility, and we may be unable to properly predict the effect of such volatility, including the actions that may be taken by the Japanese government, in a way that fully mitigates the impact of such volatility on our marketing activities and businesses in Japan. 
 In Mexico, the developer of certain acquired Diamond resorts has agreed to requirements that would consider themselves Mexican nationals with respect to certain properties. The developer also agreed to not invoke the protection of the government in matters relating to the property. Generally, rules in Mexico limit ownership of land near Mexico s borders and beaches to Mexican citizens and companies, unless granted the right by the Mexican government. If the developer of the resorts in Mexico fails to comply with the agreement with the Mexican government, it would forfeit the land back to Mexico. 
 We rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain our corporate culture, we may not be able to grow effectively. 
 Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition in our industry for qualified employees is intense, and certain of our competitors have directly targeted our employees. Our compensation arrangements may not always be successful in attracting new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees, and we may need to increase compensation in order to maintain our workforce. 
 The loss of any members of our management team could adversely affect our strategic, member and guest relationships and impede our ability to execute our business strategies. If we cannot recruit, train, develop or retain sufficient numbers of talented employees, we could experience increased employee turnover, decreased member and guest satisfaction, low morale, inefficiency or internal control failures, which could materially reduce our profits. In addition, insufficient numbers of skilled employees at our properties could constrain our ability to maintain our current levels of business or successfully expand our business. 
 We believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork. As our organization grows, and we are required to implement more complex organizational management structures, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture and attract and retain employees. This could negatively affect our future success. 
 Third-party reservation channels may negatively affect our bookings for room rental revenues. 
 Some stays at the properties we manage are booked through third-party internet travel intermediaries, such as expedia.com, orbitz.com and booking.com, as well as lesser-known and/or newly emerging online travel service providers. As the percentage of internet bookings increases, these intermediaries may be able to obtain higher commissions, reduced room rates or other significant contract concessions from us. Moreover, some of these internet travel intermediaries are attempting to commoditize lodging, by increasing the importance of price and general indicators of quality (such as three-star property at the expense of brand identification. These intermediaries also generally employ aggressive marketing strategies, including expending significant resources for online and television advertising campaigns to drive consumers to their websites. Additionally, consumers can book stays at the properties we manage through other distribution channels, including travel agents, travel membership associations and meeting procurement firms. Over time, consumers may develop loyalties to these third-party reservation systems rather than to our booking channels. Although we expect to 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 derive most of our business from traditional channels and our websites (and those of Hilton), our business and profitability could be adversely affected if customer loyalties change significantly, diverting bookings away from our distribution channels. 
 Changes to estimates or projections used to assess the fair value of our assets, or operating results that are lower than our current estimates at certain locations, may cause us to incur impairment losses that could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our total assets include intangible assets with finite useful lives and long-lived assets, principally property and equipment and VOI inventory. We evaluate our intangible assets with finite useful lives and long-lived assets for impairment when circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Our evaluation of impairment requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions including projections of future results. After performing our evaluation for impairment, including an analysis to determine the recoverability of long-lived assets, we will record an impairment loss when the carrying value of the underlying asset, asset group or reporting unit exceeds its fair value. We carry our VOI inventory at the lower of cost or estimated fair value, less costs to sell. If the estimates or assumptions used in our evaluation of impairment or fair value change, we may be required to record impairment losses on certain of these assets. If these impairment losses are significant, our results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 Our insurance policies may not cover all potential losses. 
 We maintain insurance coverage for liability, property, business interruption, cyber liability and other risks with respect to business operations. While we have comprehensive property and liability insurance policies with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary, market forces beyond our control may limit the scope of the insurance coverage we can obtain or our ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. The cost of our insurance may increase, and our coverage levels may decrease, which may affect our ability to maintain customary insurance coverage and deductibles at acceptable costs. There is a limit as well as various sub-limits on the amount of insurance proceeds we will receive in excess of applicable deductibles. If an insurable event occurs that affects more than one of our properties, the claims from each affected property may be considered together to determine whether the per occurrence limit, annual aggregate limit or sub-limits, depending on the type of claim, have been reached. If the limits or sub-limits are exceeded, each affected property may only receive a proportional share of the amount of insurance proceeds provided for under the policy. Further, certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, war, terrorist acts, such as biological or chemical terrorism, political risks, some environmental hazards and/or natural or man-made disasters, may be outside the general coverage limits of our policy, subject to large deductibles, deemed uninsurable or too cost-prohibitive to justify insuring against. In addition, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of the affected resort or in some cases may not provide a recovery for any part of a loss. As a result, we could lose some or all the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future marketing, sales or revenue opportunities from the property. Further, we could remain obligated under guarantees or other financial obligations related to the property despite the loss of product inventory, and our members could be required to contribute toward deductibles to help cover losses. 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to Diamond. If we are unable to remediate this material weakness, experience additional material weaknesses, or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial results, in which case our business may be harmed, our stock price could be adversely affected, and we may otherwise experience other adverse consequences. 
 As a public company, we are required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We must also include a report issued by our independent registered public accounting firm based on their audit of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 As discussed in Part II, Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in connection with our year-end assessment of internal control over financial reporting, our management determined that, as of December 31, 2022, we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting due to a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting related to Diamond, which we acquired on August 2, 2021. Specifically, our management concluded that Diamond, which was privately owned prior to our acquisition and, accordingly, not a reporting company under the Exchange Act, did not adequately identify, design and implement the process-level controls for its significant processes that are necessary for compliance with the requirements for reporting companies pursuant to the Exchange Act, and Diamond did not have appropriate information technology controls for its information technology systems or such controls did not operate for a sufficient period of time prior to the assessment date. 
 We are taking, and will continue to take, steps to enhance the risk assessment process and design and implementation of internal controls over financial reporting with respect to Diamond, including incorporating additional 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 controls and processes, and enhancing and revising the design of our existing financial reporting and information technology controls and procedures. However, the material weakness will not be considered remediated until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. There can be no assurances that such remediation steps will be complete in our anticipated timeframe or if they will successfully remediate the material weakness identified on a timely basis. As a result, we may not be successful in making the improvements necessary to remediate such material weakness, be able to do so in a timely manner, or be able to identify and remediate additional control deficiencies, including material weaknesses, in the future. Any one or more of these outcomes could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements, which could adversely affect our business generally and lead to other adverse consequences, including, without limitation, the loss of investor confidence in us, reduction of our stock price, and exposure to litigation or government investigations and/or sanctions. 
 Our business could be adversely impacted if we have deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures, including as a result of the material weakness identified by management. 
 The design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures are closely tied to and interdependent with our internal control over financial reporting. Our disclosure controls and procedures, as may be updated to include additional controls and processes, and enhanced to revise the design of existing financial reporting and information technology controls and procedures as previously discussed, are designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act and applicable rules and regulations is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in such rules and forms, and that such required information is accumulated and communicated to our management in a timely manner. Nonetheless, our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent all omissions, errors, or misstatements due to a number of factors, including, without limitation, resource constraints, benefits of the controls and procedures relative to their costs, human error and judgment, or intentional circumvention by individual acts, any of which may cause omissions, errors, or misstatements. While management will continue to review the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, including our internal controls over financial reporting, there can be no guarantee that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls will prevent all omissions, errors and misstatements, intentional or otherwise, any occurrence of which may result in material omissions or misstatements in our filings with the SEC, which could materially adversely affect our financial results, investor confidence, our stock price, and our business generally. 
 
 Risks Related to the Sale of VOIs 
 A decline in developed or acquired VOI inventory or our failure to enter into and maintain fee-for-service agreements may have an adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 
 In addition to VOI supply that we develop or acquire, we source VOIs through fee-for-service agreements with third-party developers. If we fail to develop timeshare properties, acquire inventory or are unsuccessful in entering into new agreements with third-party developers, we may experience a decline in VOI supply, which could result in a decrease in our revenues. Approximately 44 of our contract sales were from capital-efficient sources for the year ended December 31, 2022. As part of our strategy to optimize our sales mix of capital-efficient inventory, we will continue to acquire inventory and enter into additional fee-for-service agreements to source inventory. These arrangements may expose us to additional risk as we will not control development activities or timing of development completion. If third parties with whom we enter into agreements are not able to fulfill their obligations to us, the inventory we expect to acquire or market and sell on their behalf may not be available on time or at all, or may not otherwise be within agreed-upon specifications, including the specifications that we must meet in order to use Hilton s trademarks at such properties. If our counterparties do not perform as expected and we do not have access to the expected inventory or obtain access to inventory from alternative sources on a timely basis, our ability to achieve sales goals may be adversely affected. 
 In addition, a decline in VOI supply could result in a decrease of financing revenues that are generated by VOI purchases and fee and rental revenues that are generated by our resort and Club management services. 
 Our ability to source VOI inventory and finance VOI sales may be impaired if we or the third-party developers with whom we do business are unable to access capital when necessary. 
 The availability of funds for new investments, primarily developing, acquiring or repurchasing VOI inventory, depends in part on liquidity factors and capital markets over which we can exert little, if any, control. Instability in the financial markets and any resulting contraction of available liquidity and leverage could constrain the capital markets for investments in timeshare products. In addition, we intend to access the securitization markets to securitize our timeshare financing receivables. Any future deterioration in the financial markets could preclude, limit, delay or increase the cost to us of future securitizations. Instability in the financial markets could also affect the timing and volume of any securitizations we undertake, as well as the financial terms of such securitizations. Any indebtedness we incur, including 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 indebtedness under these facilities, may adversely affect our ability to obtain any additional financing necessary to develop or acquire additional VOI inventory, to make other investments in our business, or to repurchase VOIs on the secondary market. Furthermore, volatility in the financial markets, due to tightening of underwriting standards by lenders and credit rating agencies, among other things, could result in less availability of credit and increased costs for what is available. As a result, we may not be able to obtain financing on attractive terms or at all. If our overall cost of borrowing increases, the increased costs would likely reduce future cash flow available for distribution, affecting our growth and development plans. 
 We also require the issuance of surety bonds in connection with our real estate development and VOI sales activity. The availability, terms and conditions and pricing of our bonding capacity is dependent on, among other things, continued financial strength and stability of the insurance company affiliates providing the bonding capacity, general availability of such capacity, and our corporate credit rating. If bonding capacity is unavailable, or alternatively, if the terms and conditions and pricing of such bonding capacity are unacceptable to us, our business could be negatively affected. 
 We have and will continue to enter into fee-for-service agreements with third-party developers to source inventory. These agreements enable us to generate fees from the marketing and sales services we provide, Club memberships and from the management of the timeshare properties without requiring us to fund acquisition and construction costs. If these developers are not able to obtain or maintain financing necessary for their operations, we may not be able to enter into these arrangements, which would limit opportunities for growth and reduce our revenues. 
 The sale of VOIs in the secondary market by existing members could cause our sales revenues and profits to decline. 
 Existing members have offered, and are expected to continue to offer, their VOIs for sale on the secondary market. The sale of VOIs has been made easier by recent development of virtual marketplaces assisting members with the sale of their VOIs. The prices at which these intervals are sold are typically less than the prices at which we would sell the intervals. As a result, these sales create additional pricing pressure on our sale of VOIs, which could cause our sales revenues and profits to decline. In addition, if the secondary market for VOIs becomes more organized or financing for such resales becomes more available, our ability to sell VOIs could be adversely affected and/or the resulting availability of VOIs (particularly where the VOIs are available for sale at lower prices than the prices at which we would sell them) could adversely affect our sales revenues. Further, unlawful, fraudulent or deceptive third-party VOI resale or vacation package sales schemes could damage the reputation of the industry, our reputation and brand value, or affect our ability to collect management fees, which may adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. 
 Development of a strong secondary market may also cause a decline in the volume of VOI inventory that we are able to repurchase, which could adversely affect our development margin, as we utilize this low-cost inventory source to supplement our inventory needs and help manage our cost of vacation ownership products. 
 We have limited underwriting standards due to the real-time nature of industry sales practices, and do not include traditional ability-to-pay factors such as income verification which may affect loan default rates. If purchasers default on the loans that we provide to finance their VOI purchases, our revenues, cash flows and profits could be reduced. 
 We originate loans for purchasers of our VOIs who qualify according to our credit criteria. Our underwriting standards generally employ FICO score-based standards, down payment ratios, and borrowing history, but due to the real-time nature of industry sales practices, do not include certain traditional ability-to-pay factors, such as income verification. 
 Providing secured financing to some purchasers of VOIs subjects us to the risk of purchaser default. As of December 31, 2022, our consumer loan portfolio had a balance of approximately 2.5 billion and experienced default rates of 7.92 , 8.93 and 6.34 for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. If a purchaser defaults under the financing that we provide, we could be forced to write off the loan and reclaim ownership of the VOI. We may be unable to resell the property in a timely manner or at a price sufficient to allow us to recover written-off loan balances, or at all. Also, if a purchaser of a VOI defaults on the related loan during the early part of the amortization period, we may not have recovered the marketing, selling and general and administrative costs associated with the sale of that VOI. If we are unable to recover any of the principal amount of the loan from a defaulting purchaser, or if the allowances for losses from such defaults are inadequate, our revenues and profits could be reduced. 
 If default rates increase beyond current projections and result in higher than expected foreclosure activity, our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, the transactions in which we have securitized timeshare financing receivables in the capital markets contain certain portfolio performance requirements related to default, delinquency and recovery rates, which, if not met, would result in loss or disruption of cash flow until portfolio performance sufficiently improves to satisfy the requirements. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 If the default rates or other credit metrics underlying our timeshare financing receivables deteriorate, our timeshare financing receivable securitization program could be adversely affected. 
 Our timeshare financing receivable securitization program could be adversely affected if any pool of timeshare financing receivables fails to meet certain performance ratios, which could occur if the default rate or other credit metrics of the underlying timeshare financing receivables deteriorate. In addition, if we offer timeshare financings to our customers with terms longer than those generally offered in the industry, we may not be able to securitize those timeshare financing receivables. Our ability to sell securities backed by our timeshare financing receivables depends on the continued ability and willingness of capital market participants to invest in such securities. Asset-backed securities issued in our timeshare financing receivable securitization program could be downgraded by credit agencies in the future. If a downgrade occurs, our ability to complete other securitization transactions on acceptable terms or at all could be jeopardized, and we could be forced to rely on other potentially more expensive and less attractive funding sources, to the extent available. Similarly, if other operators of vacation ownership products were to experience significant financial difficulties, or if the timeshare industry as a whole were to contract, we could experience difficulty in securing funding on acceptable terms. The occurrence of any of the foregoing would decrease our profitability and might require us to adjust our business operations, including by reducing or suspending our provision of financing to purchasers of VOIs. Sales of VOIs may decline if we reduce or suspend the provision of financing to purchasers, which may adversely affect our cash flows, revenues and profits. 
 The expiration, termination or renegotiation of our management agreements could adversely affect our cash flows, revenues and profits. 
 We enter into management agreements with the HOAs for the timeshare resorts developed/acquired by us or by third parties with whom we have entered into fee-for-service agreements. Our management agreements generally provide for a cost-plus management fee equal to 10 to 15 of the costs to operate the applicable resort. We also receive revenues that represent reimbursement for the costs incurred to perform our services, principally related to personnel providing on-site services. The original term of our management agreements is typically governed by state timeshare laws, and ranges from three to five years, and many of these agreements renew automatically for one- to three-year periods, unless either party provides advance notice of termination before the expiration of the term. Any of these agreements may expire at the end of its then-current term (following notice by a party of non-renewal) or be terminated, or the contract terms may be renegotiated in a manner adverse to us. If a management agreement is terminated or not renewed on favorable terms, our cash flows, revenues and profits could be adversely affected. 
 Increased activity by third-party exit companies' owners may adversely impact our business. 
 The acquired Diamond business has been significantly targeted by organized activities of third parties that actively pursue timeshare owners claiming to provide timeshare interest transfers and/or exit services. Any increases in the level of participation by timeshare owners in response to such overtures and/or delinquencies or defaults with respect to the timeshare loans owed by such owners may disrupt our business and affect cash flow from collections on the timeshare loans. In addition, exit companies may target HGV owners to a greater extent than they already do in light of the Diamond Acquisition. 
 Disagreements with VOI owners, HOAs and other third parties may result in litigation and/or loss of management contracts. 
 The nature of our responsibilities in managing timeshare properties may from time to time give rise to disagreements with VOI owners and HOAs. To develop and maintain positive relations with current and potential VOI owners and HOAs, we seek to resolve any disagreements, but may not always be able to do so. Failure to resolve such disagreements may result in litigation. Further, disagreements with HOAs could also result in the loss of management contracts, a significant loss of which could negatively affect our profits or limit our ability to operate our business, and our ongoing ability to generate sales from our existing member base may be adversely affected. 
 In the normal course of our business, we are involved in various legal proceedings and in the future we could become the subject of claims by current or former members, VOI owners, HOAs, persons to whom we market our products, third-party developers, guests who use our properties, our employees or contractors, our investors or regulators. The outcome of these proceedings cannot be predicted. If any such litigation results in a significant adverse judgment, settlement, or court order, we could suffer significant losses, our profits could be reduced, our reputation could be harmed and our future ability to operate our business could be constrained. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Failure of HOA boards to levy sufficient fees, or the failure of members to pay those fees, could lead to inadequate funds to maintain or improve the properties we manage. 
 Owners of our VOIs and those we sell on behalf of third-party developers must pay maintenance fees levied by HOA boards, which include reserve amounts for capital replacements and refurbishments. These maintenance fees are used to maintain and refurbish the timeshare properties and to keep the properties in compliance with applicable Hilton standards and policies. If HOA boards do not levy sufficient maintenance fees, including capital reserves required by applicable law, or fail to manage their reserves appropriately, or if members do not pay their maintenance fees, the timeshare properties could fall into disrepair and fail to comply with applicable standards and policies, and/or state regulators could impose requirements, obligations and penalties. A decline in the quality or standards of the resorts we manage would negatively affect our ability to attract new members and maintain member satisfaction. In addition, if a resort fails to comply with applicable standards and policies because maintenance fees are not paid or otherwise, Hilton could terminate our rights under the license agreement to use its trademarks at the non-compliant resort, which could result in the loss of management fees, and could decrease member satisfaction and impair our ability to market and sell our products at the non-compliant locations. 
 If maintenance fees at our resorts are required to be increased, our product could become less attractive and our business could be harmed. 
 The maintenance fees that are levied by HOA boards on VOI owners may increase as the costs to maintain and refurbish the timeshare properties and to keep the properties in compliance with Hilton brand standards increase. Increased maintenance fees could make our products less desirable and less affordable, which could have a negative effect on VOI sales and HOA and loan default rates. Further, if our maintenance fees increase substantially year over year or are not competitive with other VOI providers, we may not be able to attract new members or retain existing members. 
 
 Risks Related to Technology and Cybersecurity 
 A failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair our operations, competitive position or reputation. 
 Our business model and competitive conditions in the timeshare industry demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for our marketing, sales, reservation, inventory management and property management systems, and technologies we make available to our members and more generally to support our business. In particular, an increasing number of potential customers select products based on the providers technology and ease of interfacing with the provider. We must refine, update and/or replace these technologies and systems with more advanced systems on a regular basis. If we cannot do so as quickly as our competitors or within budgeted costs and time frames, our business could suffer. We also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or could harm our operating results. 
 Social media influences how consumers search for vacation information and make decisions to purchase vacation-related products and services. Lack of awareness or understanding of and the failure to effectively manage, and the costs associated with our management of social media content regarding our products and services could have a material adverse effect on VOI sales, revenues and our operating results. 
 Social media has become an increasingly influential aspect of tourism, changing the way consumers search, evaluate, rank and purchase vacation products and services. In particular, social media plays a role in the pre-vacation phase, when consumers employ social media in the planning, information search, and the decision-making stages. Providers are no longer the primary spokesperson regarding the quality of their brands and products. Online reviews about vacation resorts play an increasing role in helping today s consumers evaluate and make vacation decisions by providing positive and negative reviews and indirect customer-to-customer communication. Consumers may find traveler-generated content more trustworthy than information on provider websites and advertising. Vacation decisions are influenced by both negative customer reviews, and by the lack of positive reviews. 
 The proliferation and global reach of social media continue to expand rapidly and could cause us to suffer reputational harm. The continuing evolution of social media presents new challenges and requires us to keep pace with new developments, technology and trends. Negative posts or comments about us, sales practices, the properties we manage, the Hilton brands, or the timeshare industry generally, on any social networking or user-generated review website, including travel and/or vacation property websites, could affect consumer opinions of us and our products; and we cannot guarantee that we will timely or adequately redress such instances. The failure to appreciate the importance of content on social media or failing to take action that generates positive content, minimizes negative content, and addresses areas of nonexistent content, could have a material adverse effect on VOI sales, revenues and our operating results. In addition, we may be required to devote significant resources to social media management programs, which could result in increased costs to us. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Our increasing reliance on information technology and other systems subjects us to risks associated with cyber-security. Cyber-attacks or our failure to maintain the security and integrity of company, employee, associate, customer or third-party data could have a disruptive effect on our business and adversely affect our reputation and financial performance. 
 We rely heavily on computer, Internet-based and mobile information and communications systems operated by us or our service providers to collect, process, transmit and retain large volumes of customer data, including credit card numbers and other personally identifiable information, reservation information and mailing lists, as well as personally identifiable information of our employees. There has been an increase in the number and sophistication of criminal cyber-security attacks against companies where customer and other sensitive information has been compromised. Our information systems and records, including those we maintain with our service providers, have been, and likely will continue to be, subject to such cyber-attacks, which include efforts to hack or breach security measures in order to obtain or misuse information, phishing attempts, viruses or other malicious codes, ransomware or other malware. In addition, increasingly complex systems and software are subject to failure, operator error or malfeasance, or inadvertent releases of data that may materially impact our information systems and records. For instance, security breaches could result in the dissemination of member and guest credit card information, which could lead to affected members and guests experiencing fraudulent charges. To date, we have seen no material impact on our business or operations from these attacks or events. However, the ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers and vendors must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment, as well as those of any companies we may acquire. There is no guarantee that these measures will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, system compromises or misuses of data. 
 The integrity and protection of customer and employee data is critical to us. We could make faulty decisions if that data is inaccurate or incomplete. Customers and employees also have a high expectation that we and our service providers will adequately protect their personal information. A significant theft, loss, loss of access to, or fraudulent use of customer, employee, or company data could adversely impact our reputation, and could result in significant remedial and other expenses, fines, and/or litigation. Breaches in the security of our information systems or those of our service providers or other disruptions in data services could lead to an interruption in the operation of our systems or require us to consider changes to our customer data or payment systems, resulting in operational inefficiencies, additional expense and a loss of profits. 
 Our collection and use of customer information are governed by extensive and evolving privacy laws and regulations that are constantly evolving and may differ significantly depending on jurisdiction. Compliance with these laws and regulations involves significant costs, which may increase in the future and which may negatively impact our ability to provide services to our customers, and a failure by us or our service providers to comply with privacy regulations may subject us to significant remedial and other expenses, fines, or litigation, as well as restrictions on our use or transfer of data. 
 Many jurisdictions have enacted or are enacting laws requiring companies to notify regulators or individuals of data security incidents involving certain types of personal data. These mandatory disclosures regarding security incidents often lead to widespread negative publicity, and the risk of reputational harm may be magnified and/or distorted through the rapid dissemination of information over the internet, including through news articles, blogs, chat rooms, and social media sites. Any security incident, whether actual or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode customer confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures, negatively impact our ability to attract or retain customers, or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Our business could be subject to stricter obligations and, greater fines and private causes of action under the enactment of data privacy laws, including but not limited to, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation and the California Consumer Privacy Act. Our systems and the systems operated by our service providers may be unable to satisfy changing regulatory requirements and customer and employee expectations and/or may require significant additional investments or time to do so. 
 The steps we take to deter and mitigate risks related to cyber-security may not provide the intended level of protection. In particular, it may be difficult to anticipate or immediately detect such incidents and the damage caused thereby. We may be required to expend significant additional resources in the future to modify and enhance our protective measures. Although we carry cyber/privacy liability insurance that is designed to protect us against certain losses related to cyber-security risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in connection with cyber-attacks, security breaches, and other related breaches. In addition, the third party service providers on which we rely face cyber-security risks, some of which may be different than the risks we face, and we do not directly control any of such service providers information security operations, including the efforts that they may take to mitigate risks or the level of cyber/privacy liability insurance that they may carry. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Requirements 
 Our business is regulated under a wide variety of laws, regulations and policies in the United States and abroad, and failure to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business is subject to extensive regulation, as more fully described in Business Government Regulation, and any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our real estate development activities, for example, are subject to laws and regulations typically applicable to real estate development, subdivision and construction activities, such as laws relating to zoning, entitlement, permitting, land use restrictions, environmental regulation, title transfers, title insurance, taxation and eminent domain. Failure to comply with the laws could result in legal liability or result in substantial costs related to environmental or other remediation. Laws in some jurisdictions also impose liability on property developers for construction defects discovered or repairs made by future owners of property developed by the developer. In addition, the sales of VOIs must be registered with governmental authorities in most jurisdictions in which we do business. The preparation of VOI registrations requires time and cost, and in many jurisdictions the exact date of registration approval cannot be accurately predicted. 
 A number of laws govern our marketing and sales activities, such as timeshare and land sales acts, fair housing statutes, anti-fraud laws, sweepstakes laws, real estate licensing laws, telemarketing laws, home solicitation sales laws, tour operator laws, seller of travel laws, securities laws, consumer privacy laws and consumer protection laws. In addition, laws in many jurisdictions in which we sell VOIs grant the purchaser of a VOI the right to cancel a purchase contract during a specified rescission period. 
 Because telemarketing practices are highly regulated, we have implemented procedures to reduce the possibility of violating such laws, however, such procedures may not be effective in ensuring regulatory compliance in every instance. In addition, because we are now an independent company from Hilton, it may be more difficult for us to utilize customer information we obtain from Hilton in the future for marketing purposes. 
 Under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and the Accessibility Guidelines promulgated thereunder (collectively, the ADA ), all public accommodations must meet various federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. Compliance with ADA s requirements could require removal of access barriers, and non-compliance could result in the U.S. government imposing fines or in private litigants winning damages. Our properties also are subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as state and local fire and life safety requirements. Furthermore, various laws govern our resort management activities, including laws and regulations regarding community association management, public lodging, food and beverage services, liquor licensing, labor, employment, health care, health and safety, accessibility, discrimination, immigration, gaming and the environment (including climate change). 
 Our lending and related activities are also subject to a number of laws and regulations, including laws and regulations related to consumer loans, retail installment contracts, mortgage lending, fair debt collection and credit reporting practices, consumer collection practices, contacting debtors by telephone, mortgage disclosure, lender licenses and money laundering. 
 Finally, our resort management activities subject us to a number of laws and regulations, including those that relate to public lodging, food and beverage services, liquor licenses and labor and employment, among others. 
 We may not be successful in maintaining compliance with all laws, regulations and policies to which we are currently subject, and such compliance is expensive and time consuming. We do not know whether existing requirements will change or whether compliance with future requirements, including regulatory requirements in new geographic areas into which we expand would require significant unanticipated expenditures that would affect our cash flow and results of operations. Failure to comply with current or future applicable laws, regulations and policies could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, if we do not comply with applicable laws, regulations and policies, governmental authorities in the jurisdictions where the violations occurred may revoke or refuse to renew licenses or registrations necessary to operate our business. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and policies could also render sales contracts for our products void or voidable, subject us to fines or other sanctions, and increase our exposure to litigation. 
 Changes in privacy law could adversely affect our ability to market our products effectively. 
 We rely on a variety of direct marketing techniques, including telemarketing, email and social media marketing and postal mailings, and we are subject to various laws and regulations in the United States and internationally that govern marketing and advertising practices. Adoption of new state or federal laws regulating marketing and solicitation, or international data protection laws that govern these activities, or changes to existing laws, such as the Telemarketing Sales Rule, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, and the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, could adversely affect current or planned marketing activities and cause us to change our marketing strategy. If this occurs, we may not be able to develop adequate alternative marketing strategies, which could affect the amount and timing of our VOI sales. We also obtain access to 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 potential members and guests from travel service providers or other companies, including Hilton; and we market to some individuals on these lists directly or through other companies marketing materials. If access to these lists were prohibited or otherwise restricted, including access to Hilton Honors loyalty program member information, our ability to access potential members and guests and introduce them to our products could be significantly impaired. Additionally, because our relationship with Hilton has changed, it may be more difficult for us to utilize customer information we obtain from Hilton in the future. 
 United States or foreign environmental laws and regulations may cause us to incur substantial costs or subject us to potential liabilities. 
 We are subject to certain compliance costs and potential liabilities under various U.S. federal, state and local and foreign environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These laws and regulations govern actions including air emissions, the use, storage and disposal of hazardous and toxic substances, and wastewater disposal. Our failure to comply with such laws, including any required permits or licenses, could result in substantial fines, penalties, litigation or possible revocation of our authority to conduct some of our operations. We could also be liable under such laws for the costs of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances at our currently or formerly owned real property or at third-party locations in connection with our waste disposal operations, regardless of whether or not we knew of, or caused, the presence or release of such substances. From time to time, we may be required to remediate such substances or remove, abate or manage asbestos, mold, radon gas, lead or other hazardous conditions at our properties. The presence or release of such toxic or hazardous substances could result in third-party claims for personal injury, property or natural resource damages, business interruption or other losses. Such claims and the need to investigate, remediate or otherwise address hazardous, toxic or unsafe conditions could adversely affect our operations, the value of any affected real property, or our ability to sell, lease or assign our rights in any such property, or could otherwise harm our business or reputation. Environmental, health and safety requirements have also become increasingly stringent, and our costs may increase as a result. 
 Some U.S. states and various countries are considering or have undertaken actions to regulate and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. New or revised laws and regulations, or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, such as those related to climate change, could affect the operation of the properties we manage or result in significant additional expense and operating restrictions on us. The cost of such legislation, regulation or new interpretations would depend upon the specific requirements enacted and cannot be determined at this time. In addition, failure or perception of failure to achieve our goals with respect to reducing our impact on the environment or perception of a failure to act responsibly with respect to the environment or to effectively respond to regulatory requirements concerning climate change could lead to adverse publicity, resulting in an adverse effect on our business or damage to our reputation. 
 Changes in U.S. federal, state and local or foreign tax law, interpretations of existing tax law, or adverse determinations by tax authorities, could increase our tax burden or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 We are subject to taxation at the federal, state and local levels in the United States and various other countries and jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rate could be affected by changes in the composition of earnings in jurisdictions with differing tax rates, changes in statutory rates and other legislative changes, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in determinations regarding the jurisdictions in which we are subject to tax. From time to time, the U.S. federal, state and local and foreign governments make substantive changes to tax rules and their application, which could result in materially higher corporate taxes than would be incurred under existing tax law and could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Changes in the non-income tax rates to which we are subject could also have an adverse effect on the maintenance fees charged to our members, which could result in materially lower sales and higher operating costs. 
 There can be no assurance that changes in tax laws or regulations, both within the U.S. and the other jurisdictions in which we operate, will not materially and adversely affect our effective tax rate, tax payments, financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, changes in tax laws and regulations that impact our customers and counterparties, or the economy generally may also impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Tax laws and regulations are complex and subject to varying interpretations and any significant failure to comply with applicable tax laws and regulations in all relevant jurisdictions could give rise to substantial penalties and liabilities. Any changes in enacted tax laws, rules or regulatory or judicial interpretations or any change in the pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes could materially and adversely impact our effective tax rate, tax payments, financial condition and results of operations. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, we are subject to ongoing and periodic tax audits and disputes in U.S. federal and various state, local and foreign jurisdictions. An unfavorable outcome from any tax audit could result in higher tax costs, penalties and interest, and could materially and adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our international operations may increase costs, reduce profits, limit growth or subject us to broader liability. 
 Our business operations in countries outside the United States are subject to a number of laws and regulations, including restrictions imposed by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), as well as trade sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ). The FCPA is intended to prohibit bribery of foreign officials and requires us to keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect our transactions. OFAC administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions based on U.S. foreign policy and national security goals against targeted foreign states, organizations and individuals. Although we have policies in place designed to comply with applicable sanctions, rules and regulations, it is possible that the timeshare properties we own or manage in the countries and territories in which we operate may provide services to or receive funds from persons subject to sanctions. In addition, some of our operations may be subject to the laws and regulations of non-U.S. jurisdictions, including the U.K. s Bribery Act of 2010, which contains significant prohibitions on bribery and other corrupt business activities, and other local anti-corruption laws in the countries and territories in which we conduct operations. 
 If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could be exposed to claims for damages, financial penalties, reputational harm and incarceration of employees or restrictions on our operation or ownership of timeshare and other properties, products or services, including the termination of ownership and management rights. In addition, in certain circumstances, the actions of parties affiliated with us (including Hilton, third-party developers, and our and their respective employees and agents) may expose us to liability under the FCPA, U.S. sanctions or other laws. These restrictions could increase costs of operations, reduce profits or cause us to forgo development opportunities that would otherwise support growth. 
 Under the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 ITRSHRA ), we are required to report whether we or any of our affiliates knowingly engaged in certain specified activities during a period covered by one of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K or Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. We may engage in specified dealings or transactions involving Iran or other individuals and entities targeted by certain OFAC sanctions that would require disclosure pursuant to Section 219 of ITRSHRA. In addition, because the SEC defines the term affiliate broadly, it includes any entity controlled by us as well as any person or entity that controls us or is under common control with us. Disclosure of such activities, even if such activities are permissible under applicable law, and any sanctions imposed on us or our affiliates as a result of these activities could harm our reputation and the Hilton brands we use and have a negative effect on our results of operations. 
 The European Union EU General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR imposes significant obligations to businesses that sell products or services to EU customers or otherwise control or process personal data of EU residents. Complying with the GDPR could increase our compliance cost, or adversely impact the marketing of our products and services to customers in the EU and our overall business. In addition, the GDPR imposes fines and penalties for noncompliance, including fines of up to 4 of annual worldwide revenue. If we fail to comply with the requirements of the GDPR, we could face significant administrative and monetary sanctions, which could materially adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Changes to accounting rules or regulations may adversely affect our reported financial condition and results of operations. 
 New accounting rules or regulations and varying interpretations of existing accounting rules or regulations have occurred and may occur in the future. A change in accounting rules or regulations may require retrospective application and affect our reporting of transactions completed before the change is effective, and future changes to accounting rules or regulations may adversely affect our reported financial condition and results of operations. See Notes 1: Organization and Basis of Presentation and 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a summary of accounting standards issued but not yet adopted. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 Our substantial indebtedness and other contractual obligations could adversely affect our financial condition, our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, our ability to operate our business, our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and our ability to pay our debts, and could divert our cash flow from operations for debt payments. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total indebtedness was approximately 3.8 billion, of which approximately 1.1 billion was non-recourse debt. We significantly increased our level of indebtedness in connection with financing the Diamond Acquisition. We closed an unregistered offering of 850 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.000 senior notes due 2029 and an unregistered offering of 500 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.875 senior notes due 2031. In addition, we borrowed term loans in an initial aggregate principal amount of 1.3 billion under a new senior secured term loan credit facility to repay certain indebtedness of HGV and Diamond in connection with the closing of the Diamond Acquisition. Finally, we assumed several of Diamond s revolving facilities that are secured by timeshare loan receivables. Our substantial debt and other contractual obligations could have important consequences, including: 
 requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, capital expenditures, dividends to stockholders and to pursue future business opportunities; 
 increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry or competitive developments; 
 exposing us to increased interest expense, as our degree of leverage may cause the interest rates of any future indebtedness (whether fixed or floating rate interest) to be higher than they would be otherwise; 
 exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates because certain of our indebtedness is at variable rates of interest; 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, and any failure to comply with the obligations of any of our debt instruments, including restrictive covenants, could result in an event of default that accelerates our obligation to repay indebtedness; 
 restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures; 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, satisfaction of debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who may be better positioned to take advantage of opportunities that our leverage prevents us from exploiting. 
 In addition, our credit ratings will impact the cost and availability of future borrowings and, accordingly, our cost of capital. Our ratings will reflect each rating organization s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations on a combined basis with Diamond. Downgrades in our ratings could adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, operating results and share and debt prices, as well as our obligations with respect to our capital-efficient inventory acquisitions. 
 For additional discussion on our indebtedness, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Financing Activities , and Note 15: Debt Non-recourse Debt in our audited consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Certain of our debt agreements and instruments impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, our restricted subsidiaries and the guarantors of our indebtedness, which may prevent us from capitalizing on business opportunities. 
 The debt agreements and instruments that govern our outstanding indebtedness impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, certain of our subsidiaries and guarantors of our indebtedness. These restrictions limit our ability and/or the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: 
 incur or guarantee additional debt or issue disqualified stock or preferred stock; 
 pay dividends (including to us) and make other distributions on, or redeem or repurchase, capital stock; 
 make certain investments; 
 incur certain liens; 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 merge or consolidate; 
 enter into agreements that restrict the ability of restricted subsidiaries to make dividends or other payments to us; 
 designate restricted subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries; and 
 transfer or sell assets. 
 In addition, our credit agreement related to our senior secured credit facilities contains affirmative covenants that will require us to be in compliance with certain leverage and financial ratios. 
 As a result of these restrictions, we are limited as to how we conduct our business and we may be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. The terms of any other future indebtedness we may incur could include more restrictive covenants. We may not be able to maintain compliance with these covenants in the future and, if we fail to do so, we may not be able to obtain waivers from the lenders and/or amend the covenants. 
 Our failure to comply with the restrictive covenants described above, as well as other terms of our other indebtedness and/or the terms of any future indebtedness from time to time, could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in our being required to repay these borrowings before their due date. If we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms or are unable to refinance these borrowings, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our indebtedness service obligations to increase. 
 Interest rates may increase in the future. As a result, interest rates on our revolving credit facility or other variable rate debt offerings could be higher than current levels. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1,428 million of notional variable rate debt, representing 37 of our total indebtedness. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase, even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, would correspondingly decrease. We primarily use interest rate swaps as part of our interest rate risk management strategy for our variable-rate debt. For more information on derivatives refer to Note 15: Debt Non-recourse Debt of the financial statements. 
 The U.K. Financial Conduct Authority intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit London Interbank Offering Rate LIBOR rates after 2022. The administrator of LIBOR ceased the publication of all non-U.S. dollar LIBOR and the one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings immediately following the LIBOR publication on December 31, 2022, with the publication of the remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings being discontinued on June 30, 2023. It is expected that a transition away from the widespread use of LIBOR to alternative rates will occur over the course of the next several years. We may need to amend our revolving credit facility, which utilizes LIBOR as a factor in determining the interest rate, to replace LIBOR with the new standard that is established. There is currently no definitive information regarding the future utilization of LIBOR or of any particular replacement rate. As such, the potential effect of any such event on our cost of capital and net investment income cannot yet be determined. The Company has incorporated LIBOR fallback language in its credit documents in anticipation of LIBORs cessation and does not expect any material disruption of funding on its existing facilities. 
 Servicing our indebtedness requires a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate sufficient cash depends on many factors, some of which are not within our control. 
 Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our ability to generate cash depends on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. In particular, compliance with state and local laws applicable to our business, including those relating to deeds, title transfers and certain other regulations applicable to sales of VOIs, may at times delay or hinder our ability to access cash flows generated by our VOI sales. If we are unable to generate and access sufficient cash flow to service our debt and meet our other commitments, we may need to restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt, sell material assets or operations or raise additional debt or equity capital. We may not be able to effect any of these actions on a timely basis, on commercially reasonable terms or at all, and these actions may not be sufficient to meet our capital requirements. In addition, the terms of our existing or future debt arrangements may restrict us from effecting any of these alternatives. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Our failure to comply with the agreements relating to our outstanding indebtedness could result in an event of default that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and our financial condition. 
 If there were an event of default under any of the agreements relating to our outstanding indebtedness, the holders of the defaulted debt could cause all amounts outstanding with respect to that debt to be due and payable immediately. We cannot assure you that our assets or cash flows would be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under our outstanding debt instruments if accelerated upon an event of default. Further, if we are unable to repay, refinance or restructure our indebtedness under our secured debt, the holders of such debt could proceed against the collateral securing that indebtedness. In addition, any event of default or declaration of acceleration under one debt instrument could also result in an event of default under one or more of our other debt instruments. Any such default could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and our financial condition. 
 Repayment of our debt is dependent on cash flow generated by our subsidiaries, which may be subject to limitations beyond our control. 
 Our subsidiaries own a substantial portion of our assets and conduct a substantial portion of our operations. Accordingly, repayment of our indebtedness is dependent, to a significant extent, on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. 
 Our subsidiaries generally do not have any obligation to pay amounts due on our indebtedness or to make funds available to us for that purpose. Our subsidiaries may not be able to, or may not be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness. Each subsidiary is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. While limitations on our subsidiaries restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other intercompany payments to us, these limitations are subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. In addition, certain of our subsidiaries are party to debt agreements that contain restrictions on their ability to pay dividends or make other intercompany payments to us and may in the future enter into agreements that include additional contractual restrictions on their ability to make any such payments to us. 
 In the event that we are unable to receive distributions from subsidiaries, we may be unable to make required principal and interest payments on our indebtedness. 
 Despite our current level of indebtedness, we may be able to incur substantially more debt and enter into other transactions, which could further exacerbate the risks to our financial condition described above. 
 We may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness, including secured debt, in the future. Although the agreements that govern substantially all of our indebtedness contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness and entering into certain types of other transactions, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions. Additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. These restrictions also do not prevent us from incurring obligations, such as trade payables, that do not constitute indebtedness as defined under our debt instruments. To the extent new debt is added to our current debt levels, the substantial leverage risks described in the preceding six risk factors would increase. 
 
 Risks Related to the 2017 Spin-Off From Hilton 
 We may be responsible for U.S. federal income tax liabilities that relate to the spin-off. 
 The completion of the spin-off was conditioned upon the absence of any withdrawal, invalidation or modification of the ruling IRS Ruling Hilton received from the IRS regarding certain U.S. federal income tax aspects of the spin-off in an adverse manner prior to the effective time of the spin-off. Although the IRS Ruling generally is binding on the IRS, the continued validity of the IRS Ruling is based upon and subject to the accuracy of factual statements and representations made to the IRS by Hilton. 
 In addition, the spin-off was conditioned on the receipt of an opinion of counsel to the effect that the distributions of our and Park common stock would qualify as tax-free distributions under Section 355 of the Code. An opinion of counsel is not binding on the IRS. Accordingly, the IRS may reach conclusions with respect to the spin-off that are different from the conclusions reached in the opinion. 
 If all or a portion of the spin-off does not qualify as a tax-free transaction for any reason, Hilton may recognize a substantial gain attributable to the timeshare business for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In such case, under U.S. Treasury regulations, each member of the Hilton consolidated group at the time of the spin-off (including us and our subsidiaries) would be jointly and severally liable for the resulting entire amount of any U.S. federal income tax liability. Additionally, if the distribution of our common stock and/or the distribution of Park common stock do not qualify as tax-free under Section 355 of the Code, Hilton stockholders will be treated as having received a taxable dividend to the extent 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 of Hilton s current and accumulated earnings and profits, would have a tax-free basis recovery up to the amount of their tax basis in their shares, and would have taxable gain from the sale or exchange of the shares to the extent of any excess. 
 The spin-off and related transactions may expose us to potential liabilities arising out of state and federal fraudulent conveyance laws and legal distribution requirements. 
 The spin-off could be challenged under various state and federal fraudulent conveyance laws. An unpaid creditor or an entity vested with the power of such creditor (such as a trustee or debtor-in-possession in a bankruptcy) could claim that Hilton did not receive fair consideration or reasonably equivalent value in the spin-off, and that the spin-off left Hilton insolvent or with unreasonably small capital or that Hilton intended or believed it would incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature. If a court were to agree with such a plaintiff, then such court could void the spin-off as a fraudulent transfer and could impose a number of different remedies, including without limitation, returning our assets or your shares in our company to Hilton or providing Hilton with a claim for money damages against us in an amount equal to the difference between the consideration received by Hilton and the fair market value of our company at the time of the spin-off. 
 The measure of insolvency for purposes of the fraudulent conveyance laws may vary depending on which jurisdiction s law is applied. Generally, however, an entity would be considered insolvent if the fair salable value of its assets is less than the amount of its liabilities (including the probable amount of contingent liabilities), and such entity would be considered to have unreasonably small capital if it lacked adequate capital to conduct its business in the ordinary course and pay its liabilities as they become due. No assurance can be given as to what standard a court would apply to determine insolvency or that a court would determine that Hilton were solvent at the time of or after giving effect to the spin-off, including the distribution of our common stock. 
 We could be required to assume responsibility for obligations allocated to Hilton or Park under the Distribution Agreement. 
 We entered into the Distribution Agreement with Hilton and Park prior to the distribution of our shares of common stock to Hilton stockholders. Under the Distribution Agreement and related ancillary agreements, each of us, Hilton and Park are generally responsible for the debts, liabilities and other obligations related to the business or businesses that they own and operate following the spin-off. Although we do not expect to be liable for any obligations that were not allocated to us under the Distribution Agreement, a court could disregard the allocation agreed to among the parties, and require that we assume responsibility for obligations allocated to Hilton or Park (for example, tax and/or environmental liabilities), particularly if Hilton or Park were to refuse or were unable to pay or perform the allocated obligations. 
 In addition, losses in respect of certain Shared Contingent Liabilities, which generally are not specifically attributable to any of the timeshare business, the Park business or the retained business of Hilton, were determined on or prior to the date on which the Distribution Agreement was entered. The percentage of Shared Contingent Liabilities for which we are responsible has been fixed in a manner that is intended to approximate our estimated enterprise value on the distribution date relative to the estimated enterprise values of Park and Hilton. Subject to certain limitations and exceptions, Hilton is generally vested with the exclusive management and control of all matters pertaining to any such Shared Contingent Liabilities, including the prosecution of any claim and the conduct of any defense. 
 In connection with the spin-offs, we may be required to indemnify Hilton and Park, and the indemnities of Hilton and Park of us may not be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of the liabilities assumed by Hilton and Park, and Hilton and Park may be unable to satisfy their indemnification obligations to us in the future. 
 Pursuant to the Distribution Agreement entered into in connection with the spin-offs and certain other agreements among Hilton and Park and us, we agreed to indemnify each of Hilton and Park from certain liabilities. Indemnities that we may be required to provide Hilton and/or Park may be significant and could negatively affect our business. 
 In addition, each of Hilton and Park agreed to indemnify us with respect to such parties assumed or retained liabilities pursuant to the Distribution Agreement and breaches of the Distribution Agreement or other agreements related to the spin-offs. There can be no assurance that the indemnities from each of Hilton and Park will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of these and other liabilities. Third parties also could seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that Hilton and Park have agreed to assume. Even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from Hilton or Park any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear those losses ourselves. Each of these risks could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Pursuant to the Distribution Agreement and certain other agreements, including the Tax Matters Agreement, entered into in connection with the spin-offs among Hilton and Park and us, we agreed to indemnify each of Hilton and Park from certain liabilities (including tax liabilities). In addition to the Shared Contingent Liabilities pursuant to the Distribution Agreement, the Tax Matters Agreement governs the respective obligations of Hilton, Park and us after the 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 spin-off with respect to tax liabilities and benefits, tax attributes, tax contests, liability resulting from tax audits and other tax sharing regarding U.S. federal, state, local and foreign income taxes, other tax matters and related tax returns. Under the Tax Matters Agreement, we have agreed to indemnify Hilton and Park against certain tax liabilities. The Tax Matters Agreement also provides special rules for allocating tax liabilities in the event that the spin-off is not tax-free. In general, under the Tax Matters Agreement, each party is responsible for any taxes imposed on Hilton that arise from the failure of the spin-off and certain related transactions to qualify as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, as applicable, and certain other relevant provisions of the Code, to the extent that the failure to qualify is attributable to actions taken by such party (or with respect to such party s stock). In addition, the parties share responsibility, in accordance with sharing percentages of 65 for Hilton, 26 for Park, and 9 for us, for any such taxes imposed on Hilton that are not attributable to actions taken by a party. Finally, pursuant to the Tax Matters Agreement, to the extent that any taxes that may be imposed on the Hilton consolidated group for the taxable periods prior to the spin-offs relates to the timeshare business, we would in most cases be liable for the full amount attributable to the timeshare business. Indemnities that we may be required to provide Hilton and/or Park, or any liabilities for which we may be responsible proportionately or wholly, pursuant to these agreements may be significant and could negatively affect our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Our board of directors may change significant corporate policies without stockholder approval. 
 Our financing, borrowing and dividend policies and our policies with respect to all other activities, including growth, debt, capitalization and operations, will be determined by our board of directors. These policies may be amended or revised at any time and from time to time at the discretion of our board of directors without a vote of our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may change our policies with respect to conflicts of interest provided that such changes are consistent with applicable legal requirements. A change in these policies could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, our results of operations, our cash flow, the per share trading price of our common stock and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 The interests of certain of our stockholders may conflict with ours or yours in the future . 
 We have entered into a stockholders agreement with Apollo that, among other things, provides Apollo the right, under certain circumstances, to designate a certain number of directors to our board of directors. Pursuant to the stockholders agreement, two members of our board of directors are Apollo designees, and for so long as Apollo and its affiliates continue to own specified percentages of our common stock, Apollo will be able to maintain representation on our board of directors. Accordingly, during that period of time, Apollo may have influence with respect to our management, business plans and policies, including the appointment and removal of our officers. For example, for so long as Apollo continues to own a significant percentage of our stock, Apollo may be able to influence whether or not a change of control of our company or a change in the composition of our board of directors occurs. The concentration of ownership by Apollo could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares of common stock as part of a sale of the Company and could affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Apollo and its affiliates engage in a broad spectrum of activities, including investments in real estate generally and in the hospitality industry in particular]. In the ordinary course of Apollo s business activities, Apollo and its affiliates may engage in activities where their interests conflict with our interests or those of our stockholders. For example, Apollo and its affiliates may pursue ventures that compete directly or indirectly with us, or affiliates of Apollo may directly and indirectly own interests in timeshare property developers or others with whom we may engage in the future, may compete with us for investment opportunities, and may enter into other transactions with us that could result in their having interests that could conflict with ours. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides no director who is not employed by us (including any nonemployee director who serves as one of our officers in both his or her director and officer capacities) or his or her affiliates will have any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which we operate. Apollo also may pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may be unavailable to us. In addition, Apollo may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that, in its judgment, could enhance its investments, even though such transactions might involve risks to you. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law might discourage or delay acquisition attempts for us that you might consider favorable . 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may make the merger or acquisition of our company more difficult without the approval of our board of directors. Among other things: 
 these provisions allow us to authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock in connection with a stockholder rights plan or otherwise, the terms of which may be established and the shares of which may 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 be issued without stockholder approval, and which may include super voting, special approval, dividend, or other rights or preferences superior to the rights of the holders of common stock; 
 these provisions prohibit stockholder action by written consent unless such action is recommended by all directors then in office; 
 these provisions provide that our board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws and that our stockholders may only amend our bylaws with the approval of 80 or more of all the outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote; and 
 these provisions establish advance notice requirements for nominations for elections to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 
 In addition, as a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, which may impair a takeover attempt that our stockholders may find beneficial. These anti-takeover and other applicable Delaware law provisions and measures could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company, including actions that our stockholders may deem advantageous, or negatively affect the trading price of our common stock. These provisions and measures could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. 
 Consent requirements in our license agreement with Hilton and other requirements in certain of our other material agreements may have the effect of deterring a potential takeover transaction that otherwise could be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Our license agreement with Hilton requires us to obtain Hilton s consent prior to taking certain significant corporate actions, including engaging in a takeover transaction. There can be no assurance that any consent from Hilton to a change of control of our company could be obtained on a basis satisfactory to us or any potential acquirer. In addition, certain of our other material agreements, such as our debt agreements, contain consent, notice, prepayment or other provisions that we are obligated to comply with prior to engaging in certain transactions. Failure to obtain required consents and comply with other provisions in these agreements could discourage, materially delay or prevent a transaction that otherwise may be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 The market price and trading volume of our common stock may fluctuate widely. 
 For many reasons, the market price of our common stock has been volatile in the past and may be influenced in the future by a number of factors, including the risks identified in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These factors may result in short-term or long-term negative pressure on the value of our common stock. 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, depending upon many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including, but not limited to: 
 shifts in our investor base; 
 our quarterly and annual earnings, or those of comparable companies; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 
 our ability to obtain financing as needed; 
 changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant investments, acquisitions or dispositions; 
 the failure of securities analysts to cover our common stock; 
 changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; 
 the operating performance and stock price of comparable companies; 
 overall market fluctuations; 
 a decline in the real estate markets; and 
 general economic conditions and other external factors. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Future issuances of common stock by us may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 None of the shares outstanding upon consummation of the spin-off were restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, and substantially all of the outstanding shares of our common stock are freely tradable and available for resale in the public market, subject to certain restrictions in the case of control shares held by persons deemed to be our affiliates. Accordingly, the market price of our common stock could drop significantly if holders of a substantial number of shares of our common stock sell them in the public market, or if the market perceives that such sales could occur. 
 We adopted an Omnibus Incentive Plan under which an aggregate of 10,000,000 shares of HGV common stock are issuable. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate of 3,102,210 shares have been issued, and an additional 4,416,258 shares were underlying outstanding awards pursuant to the Omnibus Incentive Plan. We also adopted a Non-Employee Director Stock Plan under which 325,000 shares of our common stock are issuable, and an Employee Stock Purchase Plan under which 2,500,000 shares of our common stock are available for issuance. Under the Non-Employee Director Stock Plan, 134,262 shares had been issued, and there were an additional 23,268 shares underlying outstanding awards granted as of December 31, 2022. Under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, a total of 388,800 shares were issued as of December 31, 2022. Any further issuances could result in the dilution of our current stockholders causing the market price of shares of our common stock to decline. 
 We cannot guarantee that we will repurchase our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program or that our share repurchase program will enhance long-term shareholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the price of our common stock and diminish our cash reserves. 
 On May 4, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program (the Repurchase Program ), pursuant to which we may repurchase up to 500 million of our common stock over a two-year period through any combination of open market repurchases, accelerated share repurchases or privately negotiated transactions . The timing and amount of repurchases of shares of our common stock, if any, will depend upon several factors, such as the market price of our common stock, general market and economic conditions, our working capital requirements and corporate strategy, the terms of our financing arrangements and applicable legal requirements. We are not obligated to repurchase any specific number or amount of shares of common stock pursuant to the Repurchase Program, and we may modify, suspend or terminate the Repurchase Program at any time without prior notice. Repurchases of our common stock pursuant to the Repurchase Program could impact our stock price and increase its volatility. The existence of the Repurchase Program could cause our stock price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program. Additionally, the Repurchase Program could diminish our cash reserves, which may impact our ability to finance future growth and to pursue possible future strategic opportunities. There can be no assurance that any share repurchases will enhance long-term stockholder value, and the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of stock. 
 We have no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock, and our indebtedness could limit our ability to pay dividends in the future. 
 Although we may return capital to stockholders through dividends or otherwise in the future, we have no current plans to pay any cash dividends. The declaration, amount and payment of any future dividends on shares of common stock will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors. Our board of directors may take into account general and economic conditions, our financial condition and results of operations, our available cash, current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our subsidiaries to us, and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends is limited by our credit agreement related to our senior secured credit facilities. Our ability to pay dividends may also be limited by covenants of other indebtedness that we or our subsidiaries incur in the future. 
 Our business could be negatively impacted as a result of actions by activist stockholders or others. 
 Stockholder activism has been increasing in publicly traded companies in recent years and we are subject to the risks associated with such activism, particularly due to the recent decline in our stock price. Our business could be negatively affected as a result of stockholder activism, which could cause us to incur significant legal fees and other costs, hinder execution of our business strategy and impact the trading value of our securities. Additionally, stockholder activism could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, adversely affect our relationships with key executives and business partners and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified employees. Any of these impacts could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to the Integration of Diamond 
 We may not be able to integrate the acquired Diamond business successfully. 
 On August 2, 2021, we completed the Diamond Acquisition. Despite our efforts, it is possible that the integration process could take longer than anticipated and/or could be more difficult than anticipated due to a number of reasons, including the lack of complementary products and resort offerings, delays or other challenges in converting the Diamond resorts into resorts that are suitable for HGV as part of our overall strategy and our rebranding plan, loss of valuable employees, disruption of each company s ongoing businesses, processes and systems, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, practices, policies and compensation arrangements between the two businesses, and differences in corporate cultures and philosophies, and other challenges that are inherent in such a complex integration of businesses. There also may be issues attributable to Diamond s operations that were inherent to the business or are based on events or actions that occurred prior to the closing of the Diamond Acquisition that may make the integration even more challenging. In addition, uncertainty about the effect of the Diamond Acquisition on relationships with our suppliers, vendors, existing owners, and potential owners may hinder the integration. Although we are taking steps designed to reduce or mitigate any adverse effects, these uncertainties may cause suppliers, vendors, existing and potential owners, and others that deal with us to seek to change, not renew or discontinue existing business relationships with us. 
 Integrating the Diamond business and properties into our operations may place a significant burden on management and internal resources and divert management s attention away from day-to-day business concerns. Further, our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel and employees may be impacted if employees or prospective employees have uncertainty about their future roles with us during the integration of the Diamond Acquisition and beyond. Despite our retention and recruiting efforts, key employees may be unwilling to continue their employment with us and we may be unable to timely find suitable replacements. 
 As previously described, in April 2022, we entered into an amendment to the license agreement with Hilton to provide for a plan to rebrand the majority of the Diamond properties, rooms and sales facilities into HGV-branded properties, rooms and sales facilities over a five-year period. If we do not achieve the applicable annual rebranding target milestones, we will be subject to an escalated royalty fee, and if we fail to achieve a cumulative target by September 2031, Hilton may prohibit our future offering and sales of HGV Max. 
 Ultimately, the integration process is subject to a number of uncertainties, and no assurance can be given that our integration efforts will be successful. Any one or more of the foregoing factors may adversely affect or hinder any successful integration of the Diamond acquisition and may materially adversely impact the execution of our strategy post-acquisition, business, operations, and, ultimately, our results of operations. 
 Our ability to successfully integrate the Diamond business depends on our compliance with the license agreement and ability to meet certain targets under the rebrand plan. 
 We and Hilton have agreed to a plan to rebrand the majority of the Diamond properties, rooms and sales facilities into HGV-branded properties, rooms and sales facilities over a five-year period. The License Agreement Amendment sets forth certain annual and cumulative target room conversions. The License Agreement Amendment provides for the offer and sale by HGV of its HGV Max branded product that provides access across legacy HGV and both converted and unconverted Diamond properties, subject to certain conditions. If we do not achieve the applicable annual rebranding target milestones, we will be subject to an escalated royalty fee, and if we fail to achieve cumulative targets by September 2031, Hilton may prohibit our future offering and sales of HGV Max. In addition, the license agreement requires Hilton s approval in connection with our anticipated conversion of the Diamond properties into our branded HGV Max properties and/or another new brand of properties. Hilton also has the right to review our sales, reservation and marketing activities related to HGV Max and review and approve our rebranded sales centers. 
 We have agreed with Hilton to operate the Diamond properties and business as a separate operation, pending the rebranding and conversion plan, after which we expect to continue to operate certain Diamond properties that are not rebranded as a separate operation. If we fail to comply with the separate operation requirements in connection with such part of our business, we may be subject to potential violation of the license agreement. In addition, if we cannot come to an agreement with Hilton on how to brand and operate Diamond properties that are not approved for rebranding by Hilton, our ability to successfully integrate Diamond may be materially adversely affected. We may conclude that it is necessary to enter into future amendments and/or modifications to the license agreement that may be necessary in connection with the integration and conversion plans. If we and Hilton are unable to reach agreements on any such amendments and/or modifications, our integration and conversion plans may be delayed and/or may not comport to the current terms and conditions of the license agreement, which will adversely affect our business and operations. For additional information see Item 1. Business Key Agreements with Hilton Worldwide Holdings. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 The license agreement contains a number of prohibitions on us entering into certain agreements and arrangements with competitors of Hilton. As a result of the Diamond Acquisition, we assumed Diamond s contracts with third parties, a number of which are with competitors of Hilton, which may only be utilized with respect to the non-branded portion of the business. The license agreement provides for a cure period for agreements or arrangements related to the Diamond business that would result in a violation or breach of provisions in the license agreement. However, to the extent we are not able to terminate such agreements within the cure period or we are unable to obtain a waiver from Hilton, we may be in default of the license agreement. 
 Anticipated cost savings, synergies, growth in operating results and related benefits of the Diamond Acquisition may not be realized. In addition, we may incur substantial costs and expenses related to the Diamond Acquisition and the integration beyond what we have anticipated, which may include unknown liabilities at the time of the closing. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We completed the Diamond Acquisition with the expectation that it will result in various benefits and synergies, including, among other things, operating efficiencies, and opportunities to potentially increase our revenue, sales, EBITDA, owners, and cost savings. Achieving such anticipated benefits and synergies of the Diamond Acquisition within the expected timeframe, or at all, is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the businesses of HGV and Diamond can be integrated in an efficient and effective manner. It is possible that any one or more of such benefits and synergies may not be realized, thereby significantly reducing the anticipated benefits associated with the Diamond Acquisition, and may result in higher than anticipated costs, and lower than anticipated revenue, and/or decreases in the amount of expected net income, all of which would adversely affect our future business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 Further, we incurred a number of fees, costs and expenses prior to completing the Diamond Acquisition and expect to continue to incur additional fees, costs and expenses associated with combining and integrating the operations of the two companies and achieving the desired benefits. These fees, costs and expenses, which are both recurring and non-recurring, have been, and will continue to be, substantial. Although we believe that achieving cost synergies, benefits, and other efficiencies of the Diamond Acquisition should offset such costs, fees and expenses over time, such net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. Moreover, there may be significant potential liabilities associated with the Legacy-Diamond business that we may uncover after the closing during the integration period, which may result in us incurring significant costs and expenses in the future. Actions taken by employees associated with the Legacy-Diamond business could intentionally or unintentionally violate or fail to comply with laws and regulations that we are subject to, and such non-compliance may be attributable to us. Such potential liabilities may have been unknown to us at prior to the closing of the Diamond Acquisition and/or more significant than we believed at such time. Any such material unexpected costs and expenses may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 
 Our results will suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations resulting from the Diamond Acquisition. 
 The size of our business increased significantly as a result of the Diamond Acquisition. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to manage this expanded business, including in non-US jurisdictions where we did not have operations prior to the Diamond Acquisition, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of expanded operations and associated increased costs and complexity. We may also need to obtain approvals of developers or HOAs in various instances to include additional resorts in the multi-resort trusts marketed, sold and managed by the acquired Diamond business (the Diamond Collections or increase maintenance fees or impose additional requirements in order to meet our brand and operating standards. There can be no assurances that we will be successful or that we will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits currently anticipated from the transaction. In addition, there will be increased compliance and regulatory risk as a result of the expanded size of our business. 
 We may be subject to complaints, litigation or reputational harm due to dissatisfaction with, or concerns related to, the Diamond Acquisition from our and former Diamond owners. 
 Our and former Diamond VOI owners prior to the completion of the Diamond Acquisition may be concerned about the actual or perceived impact of the Diamond Acquisition and the integration on their VOIs, including the potential reduction in quality of resorts and product offerings due to the increased size of the business and addition of new owners, the potential adverse effect on the availability of access to these resorts and other disruptions during the integration period, or the potential increase or change in HOA or other fees. The VOI owners of the acquired Diamond business may have similar concerns related to a decline in the quality of product offerings or increase in fees as a result of the Diamond Acquisition and increase in size of the business. Complaints or litigation brought by existing owners following the completion of the Diamond Acquisition could harm our reputation, discourage potential new owners and adversely impact our results of operations. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Interests in the acquired Diamond resorts are offered through a trust system, which is subject to a number of regulatory and other requirements. 
 The Diamond Collections located in the United States are alternatives to traditional deeded timeshare ownership, as they create a network of available resort accommodations at multiple locations. For those US-based Diamond Collections, title to the units available through the Diamond Collections is held in a trust or similar arrangement that is administered by an independent trustee (the Collection Trustee ). A purchaser of a timeshare interest in a Collection does not receive a deeded interest in any specific resort or resort accommodation, but acquires a membership in the timeshare plan which is denominated by an annual or biennial allotment of points. Owners of Diamond s timeshare interests are allowed to use their allocated points to reserve accommodations at the various component site(s)/participating resort(s) within the Diamond Collections, thereby giving the members greater flexibility to plan their vacations. Owners may also elect to reserve accommodations at resorts that are not part of their Collection through Diamond s exchange programs. 
 The Diamond Collections are registered pursuant to, exempted from, or otherwise in compliance with, the applicable statutory requirements for the sale of timeshare plans in a growing number of jurisdictions. Such registrations and formal exemption determinations for the Diamond Collections confirm the substantial compliance with the filing and disclosure requirements of the respective timeshare statutes by the developer of the applicable Diamond Collection. It does not constitute the endorsement of the creation, sale, promotion or operation of the Diamond Collections by any regulatory body nor relieve the developer of a Diamond Collection or any affiliates of such developer of any duty or responsibility under other statutes or any other applicable laws. Registration under a respective timeshare act (or other applicable law) is not a guarantee or assurance of compliance with applicable law nor an assurance or guarantee of how any judicial body may interpret the Diamond Collections compliance therewith. A determination that specific provisions or operations of the Collections do not comply with relevant timeshare acts or applicable law may have a material adverse effect on the developer, the Collection Trustee and the related non-profit members association for each of the Diamond Collections. If we are unable to successfully integrate and manage the trust system our results of operations or reputation may suffer. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. Properties 
 Timeshare Properties 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had over 150 properties open and operating, including properties not yet fully developed but in which VOIs were being sold. Most of our properties and units are located in vacation destinations such as Florida, Europe, Hawaii, California, Arizona, Nevada, and Virginia. These units and properties include those developed by us or by third-party developers with whom we have entered into fee-for-service arrangements. As of December 31, 2022, we owned approximately 62 of all unsold intervals including 100 of all unsold points-based intervals. We also own, manage, and lease fitness, spa and sports facilities, and/or manage the HOAs of undeveloped and partially developed land and other common area assets at some of our resorts, including resort lobbies and food and beverage outlets. 
 Sales and Marketing Locations 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had sales distribution centers in major markets and popular leisure destinations with year-round demand and a history of being a friendly environment for vacation ownership. Our products are for sale throughout the United States, Japan, Canada, Mexico, and Europe. We have approximately 50 sales distribution centers in various domestic and international locations. Our distribution centers and sales galleries are operated through leased and owned properties. 
 Additionally, we have 7 call centers that are leased. Our call centers are located in Orlando, Las Vegas, Costa Mesa and the United Kingdom. 
 Corporate Headquarters 
 Our main corporate headquarters are located at 6355 MetroWest Boulevard, Suite 180, Orlando, Florida 32835. The lease for this property expires in 2026 with two additional five-year renewal periods. We also have additional corporate headquarters that are located at 5323 and 5337 Millenia Lakes Boulevard, Orlando, Florida, 32839. The lease for these properties expires in 2034. 
 We believe that our existing office properties are in good condition and are sufficient and suitable for the conduct of our business. 
 
 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Information with respect to this item may be found in Note 23: Commitments and Contingencies, below. 
 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol HGV. 
 In connection with the closing of the Diamond Acquisition, on August 2, 2021, HGV issued an aggregate of 33,925,901 shares of HGV's common stock as substantially all of the consideration to the former stockholders of Diamond. The shares were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and/or Rule 506 under the Securities Act. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares cumulative total stockholder return of our common stock with the Russell 2500 R2500 Index and the Dow Jones US Travel Leisure Total Return Index GICS Level 2 DJUSGCT over a five-year period ended on December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock and each index was 100 on December 31, 2017, and that all dividends and other distributions were reinvested. The comparisons in the graph below are based on historical data and are not indicative of, or intended to forecast, future performance of our common stock. 
 
 We have determined that the appropriate index to use going forward is DJUSCGT, which includes reinvestments of dividends. Previously, we had used DJUSTLE, a tracker index of DJUSCGT, which was not a published industry index and also did not include reinvestment of dividends. 
 Holders of Record 
 The number of stockholders of record of our common stock as of February 24, 2023 was 330. 
 Dividends 
 Although we may return capital to stockholders through dividends or otherwise in the future, we have no current plans to pay dividends on our common stock. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, general and economic conditions, our results of operations, available cash, current and anticipated cash requirements, financial condition, contractual, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our subsidiaries to us, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our senior secured credit facilities and certain of our non-recourse debt include provisions limiting our ability to make restricted payments, including dividends. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On May 4, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to an aggregate of 500 million of its outstanding shares of common stock over a two-year period through any combination of open market repurchases, accelerated share repurchases or privately negotiated transactions . The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the stock price, corporate and regulatory requirements and other market and economic conditions. The shares are retired upon repurchase. The stock repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and will automatically expire at the end of the two-year term. 
 During the three-month period ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased the following shares: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under Plan October 1 October 31, 2022 1,048,218 35.88 1,048,218 290,289,095 November 1 November 30, 2022 873,204 43.04 873,204 252,710,441 December 1 December 31, 2022 584,269 42.34 584,269 227,969,722 Total 2,505,691 39.88 2,505,691 
 
 ITEM 6. [ Reserved] 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes that appear elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This disclosure includes forward-looking statements; and actual results and events may differ substantially from those discussed or highlighted in these forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . 
 
 Overview 
 Our Business 
 We are a global timeshare company engaged in developing, marketing, selling, managing and operating timeshare resorts, timeshare plans and ancillary reservation services, primarily under the Hilton Grand Vacations brand. During 2021, we acquired Diamond Resorts and are in the process of rebranding Diamond properties and sales centers to the Hilton Grand Vacations brand and Hilton standards. Our operations primarily consist of selling vacation ownership intervals and vacation ownership interests (collectively, VOIs , VOI for us and third parties; financing and servicing loans provided to consumers for their timeshare purchases; operating resorts and timeshare plans; and managing both our points-based Hilton Grand Vacations Club and Hilton Club exchange program (collectively the Legacy-HGV Club and the Diamond points-based multi-resort timeshare plans and exchange programs (the Legacy-Diamond Clubs ). 
 The acquired portfolio of resort properties are included in Diamond's single- and multi-use trusts (collectively, the "Diamond Collections" or "Collections"), or are stand-alone Diamond branded resorts in which we own inventory. In addition, there are affiliated resorts and hotels, which we do not manage, and which do not carry the Diamond brand but are a part of Diamond's network and, through THE Club and other Club offerings (collectively the Diamond Clubs ), are available for its members to use as vacation destinations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had over 150 properties located in the United States U.S. ), Europe, Mexico, the Caribbean, Canada and Japan. A significant number of our properties and VOIs are concentrated in Florida, Europe, Hawaii, California, Arizona, Nevada and Virginia and feature spacious, condominium-style accommodations with superior amenities and quality service. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 519,000 members across our club offerings. Legacy-HGV Club members have the flexibility to exchange their VOIs for stays at any Hilton Grand Vacations Club resort or any property in the Hilton system of 19 industry-leading brands across approximately 7,000 properties, as well as numerous experiential vacation options, such as cruises and guided tours, or they have the option to exchange their VOI for various other timeshare resorts throughout the world through an external exchange program. Legacy-Diamond Club members are able to utilize their points across the Diamond resorts, affiliated properties and alternative experiential options. During 2022, we began offering a new club membership called HGV Max across our certain of our sales centers. For any customer who purchases a VOI, this membership provides the ability to use points across all properties within our network. The membership provides new destinations for both Legacy-HGV and Legacy-Diamond club owners and broader vacation opportunities for new buyers. The Legacy-HGV Club, Legacy-Diamond Clubs and HGV Max are collectively referred to as Clubs . 
 We operate our business across two segments: (1) real estate sales and financing; and (2) resort operations and club management. 
 Real Estate Sales and Financing 
 Our primary Legacy-HGV product is the marketing and selling of fee-simple VOIs deeded in perpetuity and right to use real estate interests, developed either by us or by third parties. This ownership interest is an interest in real estate generally equivalent to one week on an annual or biennial basis, at the timeshare resort in which the VOI is located. Traditionally, timeshare operators have funded 100 of the investment necessary to acquire land and construct timeshare properties. We source VOIs through developed properties and fee-for-service and just-in-time agreements with third-party developers and have focused our inventory strategy on developing an optimal inventory mix. The fee-for-service agreements enable us to generate fees from the sales and marketing of the VOIs and Club memberships and from the management of the timeshare properties without requiring us to fund acquisition and construction costs. The just-in-time agreements enable us to source VOI inventory in a manner that allows us to correlate the timing of acquisition of the inventory with the sale to purchasers. Sales of owned, including just-in-time, inventory generally result in greater Adjusted EBITDA contributions, while fee-for-service sales require less initial investment and allow us to accelerate our sales 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 growth. Both sales of owned inventory and fee-for-service sales generate long-term, predictable fee streams, by adding to the Club membership base and properties under management, that generate strong returns on invested capital. 
 Our primary Legacy Diamond VOI product, which we acquired in the Diamond Acquisition, is the marketing and selling of beneficial interests in one of our Collections, which are represented by an annual or biennial allotment of points that can be utilized for vacations at any of the resorts in that Collection. In general, purchasers of VOI in a collection do not acquire a direct ownership interest in the resort properties in the Collection. Rather, for each Collection, one or more trustees hold legal title either to the deeded fee simple real estate interests, the functional equivalent, or, in some cases, leasehold real estate interests for the benefit of the respective Collection s association members in accordance with the applicable agreements. We source some of our VOIs through just-in-time agreements with third-party developers and develop our own properties. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, sales from fee-for-service and just-in-time inventory were 29 and 15 of contract sales, respectively. See Key Business and Financial Metrics and Terms Used by Management Real Estate Sales Operating Metrics for additional discussion of contract sales. The estimated contract sales value related to our inventory that is currently available for sale at open or soon-to-be open projects and inventory at new or existing projects that will become available for sale in the future upon registration, delivery or construction is approximately 11 billion at current pricing. Capital-efficient arrangements, comprised of our fee-for-service and just-in-time inventory, represented approximately 39 of that supply. We believe that the visibility into our long-term supply allows us to efficiently manage inventory to meet predicted sales, reduce capital investments, minimize our exposure to the cyclicality of the real estate market and mitigate the risks of entering into new markets. 
 We sell our vacation ownership products primarily through our distribution network of both-in-market and off-site sales centers. Our products are currently marketed for sale throughout the United States, Mexico, Canada, Europe, and Japan. We operate sales distribution centers in major markets and popular leisure destinations with year-round demand and a history of being a friendly environment for vacation ownership. We have approximately 50 sales distribution centers in various domestic and international locations. A phased rebranding of sales centers that were acquired as part of the Diamond Acquisition began in late 2021. Our marketing and sales activities are based on targeted direct marketing and a highly personalized sales approach. We use targeted direct marketing to reach potential members who are identified as having the financial ability to pay for our products, are frequent leisure travelers, and have an affinity with our brands. Tour flow quality impacts key metrics such as close rate and VPG, defined in Key Business and Financial Metrics and Terms Used by Management Real Estate Sales Metrics . Additionally, the quality of tour flow impacts sales revenue and the collectability of our timeshare financing receivables. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 71 of our contract sales were to our existing owners. 
 We provide financing for members purchasing our developed and acquired inventory and generate interest income. Our timeshare financing receivables are collateralized by the underlying VOIs and are generally structured as 10-year, fully-amortizing loans that bear a fixed interest rate ranging from 2.5 to 25 per annum. Financing propensity was 62 and 74 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We calculate financing propensity as contract sales volume of financed contracts originated in the period divided by contract sales volume of all contracts originated in the period. 
 The interest rate on our loans is determined by, among other factors, the amount of the down payment, the borrower s credit profile and the loan term. The weighted-average FICO score for loans to U.S. and Canadian borrowers at the time of origination were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Weighted-average FICO score 735 734 734 
 Prepayment is permitted without penalty. When a member defaults, we ultimately return their VOI to inventory for resale and that member no longer participates in our Clubs. Historical default rates, which represent annual defaults as a percentage of each year s beginning gross timeshare financing receivables balance, were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Historical default rates (1) 
 7.92 8.93 6.34 
 (1) A loan is considered to be in default if it is equal to or greater than 121 days past due as of the prior month end. 
 Some of our timeshare financing receivables have been pledged as collateral in our securitization transactions, which have in the past and may in the future provide funding for our business activities. In these securitization transactions, 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 special purpose entities are established to issue various classes of debt securities which are generally collateralized by a single pool of assets, consisting of timeshare financing receivables that we service and related cash deposits. For additional information see Note 7: Timeshare Financing Receivables in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on form 10-K. 
 In addition, we earn fees from servicing our securitized timeshare financing receivables and the loans provided by third-party developers of our fee-for-service projects to purchasers of their VOIs. 
 Resort Operations and Club Management 
 We enter into management agreements with the HOAs of the timeshare resorts developed by us or a third party. Each of the HOAs is governed by a board of directors comprised of owner and developer representatives that are charged with ensuring the resorts are well-maintained and financially stable. Our services include day-to-day operations of the resorts, maintenance of the resorts, preparation of books and financial records including, reports, budgets and projections, arranging for annual audits and maintenance fee billing and collections and personal employment training and oversight. Our HOA management agreements provide for a cost-plus management fee, which means we generally earn a fee equal to 10 to 15 of the costs to operate the applicable resort. As a result, the fees we earn are highly predictable due to the relatively fixed nature of resort operating expenses and our management fees are unaffected by changes in rental rate or occupancy. We are also reimbursed for the costs incurred to perform our services, principally related to personnel providing on-site services. The original term of our management agreements typically ranges from three to five years and the agreements are subject to periodic renewal for one- to three-year periods. Many of these agreements renew automatically unless either party provides advance notice of termination before the expiration of the term. Since our inception, none of the management agreements relating to our owned or fee-for-service properties have been terminated or lapsed, including management agreements obtained as part of the Diamond Acquisition. 
 We also manage and operate the Clubs, including the points-based Hilton Grand Vacations Club and Hilton Club exchange programs, which provide exclusive exchange, leisure travel and reservation services to our Legacy-HGV Club members, as well as the Legacy-Diamond Clubs. When owners purchase VOI, they are generally enrolled in a Club which allows the member to exchange their points for a number of vacation options. In addition to an annual membership fee, Club members pay incremental fees depending on exchanges they choose within the Club system. 
 We rent unsold VOI inventory, third-party inventory and inventory made available due to ownership exchanges through our club programs. We earn a fee from rentals of third-party inventory. Additionally, we provide ancillary offerings including food and beverage, retail and spa offerings at these timeshare properties. 
 
 Principal Components and Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations 
 Principal Components of Revenues 
 Sales of VOIs, net represents revenue recognized from the sale of owned VOIs, net of amounts considered uncollectible and sales incentives. 
 Sales, marketing, brand and other fees represents sales commissions, brand fees and other fees earned on the sales of VOIs through fee-for-service agreements with third-party developers. All sales commissions and brand fees are based on the total sales price of the VOIs. Also included in Sales, marketing, brand and other fees are revenues from marketing and incentive programs, including redemption of prepaid vacation packages and Club bonus points for stays at HGV properties, which are included in Rental and ancillary services . 
 Financing represents revenue from the financing of sales of our owned intervals, which includes interest income and fees from servicing loans. We also earn fees from servicing the loans provided by third-party developers to purchasers of their VOIs. 
 Resort and club management represents revenues from Club activation fees, annual dues and transaction fees from member exchanges. Resort and club management also includes recurring management fees under our agreements with HOAs for day-to-day-management services, including housekeeping services, maintenance, and certain accounting and administrative services for HOAs, generally based on a percentage of costs to operate the resorts. 
 Rental and ancillary services represents revenues from transient rentals of unoccupied vacation ownership units and revenues recognized from the utilization of Club points and vacation packages when points and packages are redeemed for rental stays at one of our resorts. We also earn fees from the rental of inventory owned by third parties. Ancillary revenues include food and beverage, retail, spa offerings and other guest services provided to resort guests. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Cost reimbursements include costs that HOAs and developers reimburse to us. These costs primarily consist of payroll and payroll-related costs for management of the HOAs and other services we provide where we are the employer and insurance. The corresponding expenses are presented as Cost reimbursements expense in our consolidated statements of operations resulting in no effect on net income. 
 Factors Affecting Revenues 
 Relationships with developers . In recent years, we have entered into fee-for-service and just-in-time agreements to sell VOIs on behalf of or acquired from third-party developers. The success and sustainability of our capital-efficient business model depends on our ability to maintain good relationships with third-party developers. Our relationships with these third parties also generate new relationships with developers and opportunities for property development that can support our growth. We believe that we have strong relationships with our third-party developers, and we are committed to the continued growth and development of these relationships. These relationships exist with a diverse group of developers and are not significantly concentrated with any particular third party. 
 Construction activities . In recent years, we have entered into agreements with third parties to acquire both completed VOIs and property. At the same time, we have increased our own development activities to construct new properties that we will own and from which we are selling, and will continue to sell, units and VOIs. These activities, and in particular the development of real property into inventory, are subject to construction risks including, construction delays, zoning and other local, state or governmental approvals and failure by third-party contractors to perform. The realization of these factors could result in the inability to source inventory and ultimately lead to sales declines. 
 Registration activities. The registration of VOIs for sale requires time and cost, and in many jurisdictions the exact date of registration approval cannot be predicted accurately. The inability to register our products in a timely, cost-effective fashion could result in the inability to sell our products and ultimately lead to sales declines. 
 Relationship with Hilton. Following the spin-off, Hilton retained ownership of the Hilton-branded trademarks, tradenames and certain related intellectual property used in the operation of our business. We entered into a license agreement with Hilton, which was subsequently amended and restated in connection with the Diamond Acquisition, granting us the right to use the Hilton-branded trademarks, trade names and related intellectual property in our business for the term of the agreement. The termination of the license agreement or exercise of other remedies would materially harm our business and results of operations and impair our ability to market and sell our products and maintain our competitive position. For example, if we are not able to rely on the strength of the Hilton brands to attract prospective members and guest tours in the marketplace, our revenue would decline and our marketing and sales expenses would increase. 
 Consumer demand and global economic conditions . Consumer demand for our products and services may be affected by the performance of the general economy, including the ability to generate high quality tours, and is sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels. Declines in consumer demand due to adverse general economic conditions, risks affecting or reducing travel patterns, lower consumer confidence and adverse political conditions can subject and have subjected our revenues to significant volatility. 
 Marketing . We rely on call transfers from Hilton, execution of a successful digital marketing strategy, vacation traffic at key locations, and other critical marketing elements to increase tour flow, VPG, and VOI sales, thereby increasing our revenue. Any significant changes to one or more factors that adversely affect our marketing activities, such as changes in consumer behavior and preference for vacations, decreases in call transfers from Hilton due to increasing consumer reliance on digital tools, and declining quality and/or volume of tour flow may adversely and materially impact our revenue. 
 Interest rates . We generate interest income from consumer loans we originate and declines in interest rates may cause us to lower our interest rates on our originated loans, which would adversely affect our income generated on future loans. Conversely, if interest rates increase significantly, it would increase the cost of purchasing VOIs for any purchaser who is financing their acquisition and may deter potential purchasers from buying a VOI, which could result in sales declines. 
 Competition. We compete with other hotel and resort timeshare operators for sales of VOIs based principally on location, quality of accommodations, price, service levels and amenities, financing terms, 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 quality of service, terms of property use, reservation systems and flexibility for VOI owners to exchange into time at other timeshare properties or other travel rewards. In addition, we compete based on brand name recognition and reputation. Our primary branded competitors in the timeshare space include Marriott Vacations Worldwide, Travel + Leisure Co., Disney Vacation Club, Holiday Inn Club Vacations, Westgate Resorts, and Bluegreen Vacations. 
 Principal Components of Expenses 
 Cost of VOI sales represents the costs attributable to the sales of owned VOIs recognized, as well as charges incurred related to granting credit to customers for their existing ownership when upgrading into fee-for-service projects. 
 Sales and marketing represents costs incurred to sell and market VOIs, including costs incurred relating to marketing and incentive programs, costs for tours, rental expense and wages and sales commissions. 
 Financing represents consumer financing interest expense related to our debt securitized by gross timeshare financing receivables Securitized Debt and Timeshare Facility, amortization of the related deferred loan costs and other expenses incurred in providing consumer financing and servicing loans. 
 Resort and club management represents costs incurred to manage resorts and the Clubs, including payroll and related costs and other administrative costs. 
 Rental and ancillary services include payroll and related costs, costs incurred from participating in the Hilton Honors loyalty program, retail, food and beverage costs and maintenance fees on unsold inventory. 
 General and administrative consists primarily of compensation expense for our corporate staff and personnel supporting our business segments, professional fees (including consulting, audit and legal fees), administrative and related expenses. General and administrative also includes costs for services provided to us by Hilton. 
 Depreciation and amortization are non-cash expenses that primarily consist of depreciation of fixed assets such as buildings and leasehold improvements and furniture and equipment at our sales centers, corporate offices, and assets purchased for future conversion to inventory, as well as amortization of our trade names, management agreement contracts, club member relationship intangibles and capitalized software. 
 License fee expense represents the royalty fee paid to Hilton under a license agreement for the exclusive right to use the Hilton Grand Vacations mark, which is generally based on a percentage of gross sales volume, of certain revenue streams. 
 Acquisition and integration-related expense represents direct expenses for the Diamond Acquisition including integration costs, legal and other professional fees. Integration costs include technology-related costs, fees paid to management consultants and employee-related costs such as severance and transition. 
 Cost reimbursements include costs that HOAs and developers reimburse to us. These costs primarily consist of payroll and payroll-related costs for management of the HOAs and other services we provide where we are the employer and insurance. The corresponding revenues are presented as Cost reimbursements revenue in our consolidated statements of operations resulting in no effect on net income. 
 Factors Affecting Expenses 
 Costs of VOI sales. In periods where there is increased demand for VOIs, we may incur increased costs to acquire inventory in the short-term, which can have an adverse effect on our cash flows, margins and profits. In addition, the registration of inventory for sale requires time and cost, and in many jurisdictions the exact date of registration approval cannot be predicted accurately. As we encourage owners to upgrade into other products, we incur expenses when owners upgrade from an interval in a project we developed into fee-for-service projects, on which we earn fees. In periods where more upgrades are occurring and we are not generating increased sales volume on unsold supply, we could see an adverse effect on our cash flows, margins and profits. 
 Furthermore, construction delays, zoning and other local, state or federal governmental approvals, particularly in new geographic areas with which we are unfamiliar, cost overruns, lender financial 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 defaults, or natural or man-made disasters, as well as failure by third-party contractors to perform for any reason, could lead to an adverse effect on our cash flows, margins and profits. 
 Sales and marketing expense . A significant portion of our costs relates to selling and marketing of our VOIs. In periods of decreased demand for VOIs, we may be unable to reduce our sales and marketing expenses quickly enough to prevent a deterioration of our profits and margins on our real estate operations. 
 Rental and ancillary services expense . These expenses include personnel costs, rent, property taxes, insurance and utilities. We pay a portion of these costs through maintenance fees of unsold intervals and by subsidizing the costs of HOAs not covered by maintenance fees collected. If we are unable to decrease these costs significantly or rapidly when demand for our unit rentals decreases, the resulting decline in our revenues could have an adverse effect on our net cash flow, margins and profits. 
 General and administrative. Increases in general and administrative expenses associated with operating as a publicly traded company in a competitive and dynamic timeshare industry, regulatory filings and professional fees may affect our net cash flows, margins and profits. 
 Interest rates . Increases in interest rates would increase the consumer financing interest expense we pay on the Timeshare Facility and could adversely affect our financing operations in future securitization or other debt transactions, affecting net cash flow, margins and profits. 
 
 Key Business and Financial Metrics and Terms Used by Management 
 Real Estate Sales Operating Metrics 
 We measure our performance using the following key operating metrics: 
 Contract sales represents the total amount of VOI products (fee-for-service, just-in-time, developed, and points-based) under purchase agreements signed during the period where we have received a down payment of at least 10 of the contract price. Contract sales differ from revenues from the Sales of VOIs, net that we report in our consolidated statements of operations due to the requirements for revenue recognition, as well as adjustments for incentives. While we do not record the purchase price of sales of VOI products developed by fee-for-service partners as revenue in our consolidated financial statements, rather recording the commission earned as revenue in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we believe contract sales to be an important operational metric, reflective of the overall volume and pace of sales in our business and believe it provides meaningful comparability of our results to the results of our competitors which may source their VOI products differently. 
 We believe that the presentation of contract sales on a combined basis (fee-for-service, just-in-time, developed and points-based) is most appropriate for the purpose of the operating metric, additional information regarding the split of contract sales, is included in Real Estate below. See Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 in this Annual Report on form 10-K, for additional information on Sales of VOIs, net. 
 Sales revenue represents Sale of VOIs, net and commissions and brand fees earned from the sale of fee-for-service intervals. 
 Real estate profit represents sales revenue less the cost of VOI sales and sales and marketing costs, net of marketing revenue. Real estate margin percentage is calculated by dividing real estate margin by sales revenue. We consider this to be an important operating measure because it measures the efficiency of our sales and marketing spending and management of inventory costs. 
 Tour flow represents the number of sales presentations given at our sales centers during the period. 
 Volume per guest VPG represents the sales attributable to tours at our sales locations and is calculated by dividing Contract sales, excluding telesales, by tour flow. We consider VPG to be an important operating measure because it measures the effectiveness of our sales process, combining the average transaction price with the closing rate. 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
 EBITDA, presented herein, is a financial measure that is not recognized under U.S. GAAP that reflects net income (loss), before interest expense (excluding non-recourse debt), a provision for income taxes and depreciation and amortization. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA, presented herein, is calculated as EBITDA, as previously defined, further adjusted to exclude certain items, including, but not limited to, gains, losses and expenses in connection with: (i) other gains, including asset dispositions and foreign currency transactions; (ii) debt restructurings/retirements; (iii) non-cash impairment losses; (iv) share-based and other compensation expenses; and (v) other items, including but not limited to costs associated with acquisitions, restructuring, amortization of premiums and discounts resulting from purchase accounting, and other non-cash and one-time charges. 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not recognized terms under U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to net income (loss) or other measures of financial performance or liquidity derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In addition, our definitions of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 We believe that EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provide useful information to investors about us and our financial condition and results of operations for the following reasons: (i) EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are among the measures used by our management team to evaluate our operating performance and make day-to-day operating decisions; and (ii) EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties as a common performance measure to compare results or estimate valuations across companies in our industry. 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered either in isolation or as a substitute for net income (loss), cash flow or other methods of analyzing our results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect our interest expense (excluding interest expense on non-recourse debt), or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our indebtedness; 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect our tax expense or the cash requirements to pay our taxes; 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect historical cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect the effect on earnings or changes resulting from matters that we consider not to be indicative of our future operations; 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect any cash requirements for future replacements of assets that are being depreciated and amortized; and 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA may be calculated differently from other companies in our industry limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 Because of these limitations, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as discretionary cash available to us to reinvest in the growth of our business or as measures of cash that will be available to us to meet our obligations. 

53 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021. Discussions of our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020 that have been omitted under this item can be found in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 , which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2022. 
 Segment Results 
 The following tables present our revenues by segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020. We do not include equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates in our measures of segment revenues. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 (1) 
 2021 vs 2020 (1) 
 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Real estate sales and financing 2,378 1,451 494 927 63.9 957 NM Resort operations and club management 1,197 700 276 497 71.0 424 NM Total segment revenues 3,575 2,151 770 1,424 66.2 1,381 NM Cost reimbursements 297 202 137 95 47.0 65 47.4 Intersegment eliminations (2) 
 (37) (18) (13) (19) NM (5) 38.5 Total revenues 3,835 2,335 894 1,500 64.2 1,441 NM 
 (1) NM - fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful. 
 (2) Refer to Note 22: Business Segments in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details on the intersegment eliminations. 
 We evaluate our business segment operating performance using segment Adjusted EBITDA, as described in Note 22: Business Segments in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a discussion of our definition of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, how management uses them to manage our business and material limitations on their usefulness, refer to Key Business and Financial Metrics and Terms Used by Management EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. The following table reconciles net income, our most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure, to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 (1) 
 2021 vs 2020 (1) 
 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) 352 176 (201) 176 100.0 377 NM Interest expense 142 105 43 37 35.2 62 NM Income tax expense (benefit) 129 93 (79) 36 38.7 172 NM Depreciation and amortization 244 126 45 118 93.7 81 NM Interest expense, depreciation and amortization included in equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates 2 1 2 1 100.0 (1) (50.0) EBITDA 869 501 (190) 368 73.5 691 NM Other loss (gain), net 1 26 (3) (25) (96.2) 29 NM Share-based compensation expense 46 48 15 (2) (4.2) 33 NM Impairment expense 17 2 209 15 NM (207) (99.0) Acquisition and integration-related expense 67 106 (39) (36.8) 106 100.0 Other adjustment items (2) 
 65 33 26 32 97.0 7 26.9 Adjusted EBITDA 1,065 716 57 349 48.7 659 NM 
 (1) NM - fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful. 
 (2) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, this amount includes costs associated with restructuring, one-time charges and other non-cash items. Subsequent to the acquisition of Diamond in 2021, this also includes amortization of fair value premiums and discounts resulting from purchase accounting. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 The following table reconciles our segment Adjusted EBITDA to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 (1) 
 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Adjusted EBITDA: Real estate sales and financing (2) 
 865 537 33 328 61.1 504 NM Resort operations and club management (2) 
 463 353 136 110 31.2 217 NM Adjustments: Adjusted EBITDA from unconsolidated affiliates 15 11 7 4 36.4 4 57.1 License fee expense (124) (80) (51) (44) 55.0 (29) 56.9 General and administrative (3) 
 (154) (105) (68) (49) 46.7 (37) 54.4 Adjusted EBITDA 1,065 716 57 349 48.7 659 NM 
 (1) NM - fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful. 
 (2) Includes intersegment transactions, share-based compensation, depreciation and other adjustments attributable to the segments. 
 (3) Adjusts for segment related share-based compensation, depreciation and other adjustment items. 
 Real Estate Sales and Financing 
 Real estate sales and financing segment revenues increased by 927 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to a 784 million increase in sales revenue, a 59 million increase in marketing revenue associated with higher vacation package sales and a 84 million increase in financing revenue primarily related to an increase in interest income. Diamond contributed 533 million to the total increase in real estate sales and financing segment revenues primarily driven by 441 million of sales of VOIs, net. Excluding the impact of Diamond, sales revenue primarily increased in these periods due to an increase in travel demand and a corresponding increase in tour flow and sales transactions; partially offset by a net decrease in the recognition of deferred sales of VOIs related to projects previously under construction. 
 Real estate sales and financing Adjusted EBITDA increased by 328 million compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to the revenue increases discussed above. 
 Refer to Real Estate and Financing for further discussion on the revenues and expenses of the real estate sales and financing segment. 
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), revenue and the related costs to fulfill and acquire the contract direct costs from sales of VOIs under construction are deferred until the point in time when construction activities are deemed to be completed. The real estate sales and financing segment is impacted by construction related deferral and recognition activity. In periods where Sales of VOIs and related direct costs of projects under construction are deferred, margin percentages will generally contract as the indirect marketing and selling costs associated with these sales are recognized as incurred in the current period. In periods where previously deferred Sales of VOIs and related direct costs are recognized upon construction completion, margin percentages will generally expand as the indirect marketing and selling costs associated with these sales were recognized in prior periods. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 The following table represents deferrals and recognitions of Sales of VOIs revenue and direct costs for properties under construction: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Sales of VOIs (deferrals) (67) (112) (85) 45 (27) Sales of VOIs recognitions 98 245 (147) 245 Net Sales of VOIs recognitions (deferrals) 31 133 (85) (102) 218 Cost of VOI sales (deferrals) (22) (36) (23) 14 (13) Cost of VOI sales recognitions 33 74 (41) 74 Net Cost of VOI sales recognitions (deferrals) 11 38 (23) (27) 61 Sales and marketing expense (deferrals) (10) (17) (13) 7 (4) Sales and marketing expense recognitions 14 36 (22) 36 Net Sales and marketing expense 
 recognitions (deferrals) 
 4 19 (13) (15) 32 Net construction recognitions (deferrals) 16 76 (49) (60) 125 
 Resort Operations and Club Management 
 Resort operations and club management segment revenues increased 497 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. Diamond contributed 356 million to the total increase in resort operations and club management segment revenues driven by 189 million of rental and ancillary revenue and 167 million of resort operations and club management revenues. Excluding the impact of Diamond, the increase in resort operations and club management revenues was driven by greater resort management revenue from the launch of new properties as well as an increase in Club members. 
 Resort operations and club management segment Adjusted EBITDA increased 110 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to the increase in resort and club management and rental revenues described above, partially offset by an increase in resort and club management expenses due to personnel-related costs incurred to service increased arrivals and transaction activity along with the launch of new club features and programs. 
 Refer to Resort and Club Management and Rental and Ancillary Services for further discussion on the revenues and expenses of the resort operations and club management segment. 
 
 Real Estate Sales and Financing Segment 
 Real Estate 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 (1) 
 in millions, except Tour flow and VPG) 2022 2021 2020 Contract sales 2,381 1,352 528 1,029 76.1 824 NM Adjustments: Fee-for-service sales (2) 
 (693) (424) (275) (269) 63.4 (149) 54.2 Provision for financing receivables losses (142) (121) (75) (21) 17.4 (46) 61.3 Reportability and other: Net recognition (deferral) of sales of VOIs under construction (3) 
 31 133 (85) (102) (76.7) 218 NM Fee-for-service sale upgrades, net 18 14 16 4 28.6 (2) (12.5) Other (4) 
 (104) (71) (1) (33) 46.5 (70) NM Sales of VOIs, net 1,491 883 108 608 68.9 775 NM Tour flow 517,117 298,044 127,085 219,073 170,959 VPG 4,432 4,332 3,889 100 443 
 (1) NM - fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful. 
 (2) Represents contract sales from fee-for-service properties on which we earn commissions and brand fees. 
 (3) Represents the net impact of deferred revenues related to the Sales of VOIs under construction that are recognized when construction is complete. 
 (4) Includes adjustments for revenue recognition, including amounts in rescission and sales incentives. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Contract sales increased 1,029 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. Excluding the impact of the Diamond Acquisition, the increase was primarily due to the continued recovery from the impact of COVID travel restrictions in 2021. Tour flow increased with the corresponding increases in travel demand related to relaxed COVID travel restrictions and new inventory available for sale at resorts that were opened during 2021. Diamond contributed 511 million to the total increase in contract sales and 441 million to the total increase in sales of VOIs, net. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 (1) 
 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Sales, marketing, brand and other fees 620 385 221 235 61.0 164 74.2 Less: Marketing revenue and other fees 208 149 57 59 39.6 92 NM Commissions and brand fees 412 236 164 176 74.6 72 43.9 Sales of VOIs, net 1,491 883 108 608 68.9 775 NM Sales revenue 1,903 1,119 272 784 70.1 847 NM Cost of VOI sales 274 213 28 61 28.6 185 NM Sales and marketing expense, net (2) 
 886 479 313 407 85.0 166 53.0 Real Estate expense 1,160 692 341 468 67.6 351 NM Real Estate profit 743 427 (69) 316 74.0 496 NM Real Estate profit margin 39.0 38.2 (25.4) 
 (1) NM - fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful. 
 (2) Includes revenue recognized through our marketing programs for existing owners and prospective first-time buyers and revenue associated with sales incentives, title service and document compliance. 
 Real estate profit increased by 316 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, driven by an increase of 784 million in Sales revenue and offset by an increase in Real estate expense of 468 million. Diamond contributed 205 million to the increase in Real estate profit, driven by an increase of 457 million in Sales revenue and offset by an increase in Real estate expense of 252 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same prior period in 2021. 
 These increases were driven by greater travel demand; partially offset by a net decrease in the recognition of deferred sales of VOIs related to projects previously under construction. The increase in sales revenue was also attributed to higher sales of owned VOIs at new properties and greater commissions earned on sales of fee-for-service properties for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. Real estate expense increased in line with the increase in sales revenue. Marketing revenue and other fees increased as a result of increased sales of vacation packages. 
 Financing 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Interest income 235 157 141 78 49.7 16 11.3 Other financing revenue 32 26 24 6 23.1 2 8.3 Financing revenue 267 183 165 84 45.9 18 10.9 Consumer financing interest expense 47 30 31 17 56.7 (1) (3.2) Other financing expense 56 35 22 21 60.0 13 59.1 Financing expense 103 65 53 38 58.5 12 22.6 Financing profit 164 118 112 46 39.0 6 5.4 Financing profit margin 61.4 64.5 67.9 
 Financing profit increased by 46 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, driven by an increase of 84 million in financing revenue, partially offset by an increase in financing expense of 38 million. Diamond contributed 29 million to the increase in financing profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same prior period in 2021 driven by an increase of 49 million in Financing revenue, partially offset by an increase of 20 million in financing expenses. 
 Financing revenue increased primarily due to an increase in the weighted average interest rate and an increase in the timeshare financing receivables portfolio. The increase in Financing expense is primarily due to the increased costs 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 associated with loan servicing in addition to an increase in consumer financing interest expense resulting from an increase in the weighted-average interest rate. 
 
 Resort Operations and Club Management Segment 
 Resort and Club Management 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 (1) 
 2021 vs 2020 (1) 
 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Club management revenue 227 168 96 59 35.1 72 75.0 Resort management revenue 307 172 70 135 78.5 102 NM Resort and club management revenues 534 340 166 194 57.1 174 NM Club management expense 42 28 24 14 50.0 4 16.7 Resort management expense 119 52 12 67 NM 40 NM Resort and club management expenses 161 80 36 81 NM 44 NM Resort and club management profit 373 260 130 113 43.5 130 100.0 Resort and club management profit margin 69.9 76.5 78.3 
 (1) Fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful. 
 Resort and club management profit increased by 113 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, driven by an increase of 194 million in resort and club management revenue and partially offset by an increase of 81 million in resort and club management expenses. Diamond contributed 98 million to the increase in Resort and club management profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same prior period in 2021, driven by an increase of 167 million in resort and club management revenue and partially offset by an increase of 69 million in resort and club management expenses. 
 The increases in resort operations and club management revenues were driven by greater resort management revenue from the launch of new properties as well as an increase in Club members and number of transactions. The increase in resort and club management expenses is primarily due to personnel related costs incurred to service the increased transactions and the launch of new club features and programs. 
 Rental and Ancillary Services Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 (1) 
 2021 vs 2020 (1) 
 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Rental revenues 586 315 90 271 86.0 225 NM Ancillary services revenues 40 27 7 13 48.1 20 NM Rental and ancillary services revenues 626 342 97 284 83.0 245 NM Rental expenses 544 242 98 302 NM 144 NM Ancillary services expense 35 25 9 10 40.0 16 NM Rental and ancillary services expenses 579 267 107 312 NM 160 NM Rental and ancillary services profit (loss) 47 75 (10) (28) (37.3) 85 NM Rental and ancillary services profit margin 7.5 21.9 (10.3) 
 (1) Fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful. 
 Rental and ancillary services profit decreased by 28 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, driven by an increase of 312 million in rental and ancillary expenses partially offset by an increase of 284 million in rental and ancillary services revenue. Diamond contributed 51 million to the rental and ancillary services profit decrease for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same prior period in 2021, driven by an increase of 240 million in expenses partially offset by an increase of 189 million in rental and ancillary services revenue. 
 Rental and ancillary services revenue increased due to an increase in average nightly rates charged in addition to an increase in rooms available for rent corresponding with the launch of new properties. Rental and ancillary services expense increased consistent with the aforementioned launch of new properties. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Other Operating Expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 (1) 
 2021 vs 2020 (1) 
 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 General and administrative 212 151 92 61 40.4 59 64.1 Depreciation and amortization 244 126 45 118 93.7 81 NM License fee expense 124 80 51 44 55.0 29 56.9 Impairment expense 17 2 209 15 NM (207) (99.0) 
 (1) Fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful. 
 The change in other operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, was driven by increased costs subsequent to the Diamond Acquisition. General and administrative expenses increased by 61 million, primarily related to increased salaries, legal and professional fees. Depreciation and amortization increased by 118 million, primarily as a result of a full year of amortization of acquired intangible assets as part of the Diamond Acquisition. License fee expense increased by 44 million, primarily due to improved results related to increased travel demand. Impairment expense increased by 15 million, primarily due to certain assets that were not deemed recoverable. 
 Acquisition and Integration-Related Expense 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 (1) 
 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Acquisition and integration-related expense 67 106 (39) (36.8) 106 NM 
 (1) Fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, acquisition and integration-related costs decreased by 39 million due to decreased legal and professional fees incurred. 
 Non-Operating Expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 (1) 
 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Interest expense 142 105 43 37 35.2 62 NM Equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates (13) (10) (5) (3) 30.0 (5) 100.0 Other loss (gain), net 1 26 (3) (25) (96.2) 29 NM Income tax expense (benefit) 129 93 (79) 36 38.7 172 NM 
 (1) Fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful. 
 The change in non-operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, was primarily due to a 37 million increase in interest expense and partially offset by a decrease in other loss, net of 25 million driven by debt extinguished in connection to the Diamond Acquisition and other borrowings to support 2021 operations. Income tax expense also increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 consistent with increased pre-tax income. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Our cash management objectives are to maintain the availability of liquidity, minimize operational costs, remit debt payments and fund future acquisitions and development projects. Our known short-term liquidity requirements primarily consist of funds necessary to pay for operating expenses and other expenditures, including payroll and related benefits, legal costs, operating costs associated with the operation of our resorts and sales centers, interest and scheduled principal payments on our outstanding indebtedness, inventory-related purchase commitments, and capital expenditures for renovations and maintenance at our offices and sales centers. Our long-term liquidity requirements primarily consist of funds necessary to pay for scheduled debt maturities, inventory-related purchase commitments and costs associated with potential acquisitions and development projects. Our primary source of funding to satisfy these requirements is derived from sales and financing of vacation ownership intervals, management of our resorts and Clubs, and rentals of available inventory. See Item 1. Business for more information on our reportable segments and sources of revenue. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 We finance our short- and long-term liquidity needs primarily through cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from our operations, draws on our revolver credit facility, our non-recourse revolving timeshare credit facility Timeshare Facility ), and through periodic securitizations of our timeshare financing receivables. 
 In April 2022, we completed a securitization of 246 million of gross timeshare financing receivables. The proceeds were primarily used to pay down the remaining borrowings on one of our conduit facilities and for general corporate operating expenses. See Note 7: Timeshare Financing Receivables and Note 15: Debt and Non-Recourse Debt for further information. 
 In May 2022, we amended and restated our Timeshare Facility agreement under new terms, which includes increasing the borrowing capacity from 450 million to 750 million allowing us to borrow up to the maximum amount until May 2024 and requiring all amounts borrowed to be repaid in 2025. The Timeshare Facility is secured by certain timeshare financing receivables in our loan portfolio. See Note 15: Debt and Non-Recourse Debt for further information. 
 In August 2022, we completed a securitization of 269 million of gross timeshare financing receivables. The proceeds were primarily used to pay down the Timeshare Facility and general corporate operating expenses. See Note 7: Timeshare Financing Receivables and Note 15: Debt and Non-recourse Debt for further information. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total cash and cash equivalents of 555 million, including 332 million of restricted cash. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have 959 million remaining borrowing capacity under the revolver credit facility. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have 652 million remaining borrowing capacity under our Timeshare Facility. Of this amount, we have 279 million of mortgage notes that are available to be securitized, and another 338 million of mortgage notes that we expect will become eligible as soon as they meet typical milestones including receipt of first payment, deeding, or recording. 
 We utilize surety bonds related to the sales of VOIs in order to meet regulatory requirements of certain states. The availability, terms and conditions and pricing of such bonding capacity are dependent on, among other things, continued financial strength and stability of the insurance company affiliates providing the bonding capacity, general availability of such capacity and our corporate credit rating. We have commitments from surety providers in the amount of 327 million as of December 31, 2022, which primarily consist of escrow and subsidy related bonds. 
 We believe that these actions, together with drawing on available borrowings under our revolver and preserving our capacity under our Timeshare Facility as described above, will provide adequate capital to meet our short- and long-term liquidity requirements for operating expenses and other expenditures, including payroll and related benefits, legal costs, additional costs related to complying with various regulatory requirements and to finance our long-term growth plan and capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. 
 We believe that our capital allocation strategy provides adequate funding for our operations, is flexible enough to fund our development pipeline, securitizes the optimal level of receivables, and provides the ability to be strategically opportunistic in the marketplace. We have made commitments with developers to purchase vacation ownership units at a future date to be marketed and sold under our Hilton Grand Vacations brand. As of December 31, 2022, our inventory-related purchase commitments totaled 195 million over 2 years. 
 Sources and Uses of Our Cash 
 The following table summarizes our net cash flows and key metrics related to our liquidity: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 747 168 79 579 89 Investing activities (97) (1,631) (33) 1,534 (1,598) Financing activities (782) 1,636 328 (2,418) 1,308 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash flow provided by operating activities is primarily generated from (1) sales and financing of VOIs and (2) net cash generated from managing our resorts, Club operations and providing related rental and ancillary services. Cash flows 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 used in operating activities primarily include spending for the purchase and development of real estate for future conversion to inventory and funding our working capital needs. Our cash flows from operations generally vary due to the following factors related to the sale of our VOIs; the degree to which our owners finance their purchase and our owners repayment of timeshare financing receivables; the timing of management and sales and marketing services provided; and cash outlays for VOI inventory acquisition and development. Additionally, cash flow from operations will also vary depending upon our sales mix of VOIs; over time, we generally receive more cash from the sale of an owned VOI as compared to that from a fee-for-service sale. 
 The change in net cash flows provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 was primarily due to an increase in net income and non-cash operating expense depreciation and amortization expense, partially offset by decreases in net working capital from operations. 
 The following table exhibits our VOI inventory spending for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Year Ended December 31, in millions) 2022 2021 2020 VOI spending - owned properties (1) 
 161 200 106 VOI spending - fee-for-service upgrades (2) 
 13 10 13 Purchases and development of real estate for future conversion to inventory 8 33 36 Total VOI inventory spending 182 243 155 
 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, our VOI inventory spending on owned properties relates to properties that are classified as Inventory on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Includes expense related to granting credit to customers for their existing ownership when upgrading into fee-for-service projects of 9 million, 7 million and 9 million recorded in Costs of VOI sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Investing Activities 
 The following table summarizes our net cash used in investing activities: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Acquisition of Diamond, net of cash and restricted cash acquired (1,592) 1,592 (1,592) Capital expenditures for property and equipment (excluding inventory) (58) (18) (8) (40) (10) Software capitalization costs (39) (21) (23) (18) 2 Investments in unconsolidated affiliates (2) 2 Net cash used in investing activities (97) (1,631) (33) 1,534 (1,598) 
 Our capital expenditures include spending related to technology and buildings and leasehold improvements used to support sales and marketing locations, resort operations and corporate activities. We believe the renovations of our existing assets are necessary to stay competitive in the markets in which we operate. 
 The change in net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 was primarily due cash paid for the Diamond Acquisition during 2021. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Activities 
 The following table summarizes our net cash (used in) provided by financing activities: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Issuance of debt 40 2,950 495 (2,910) 2,455 Issuance of non-recourse debt 769 264 495 505 (231) Repayment of debt (313) (1,154) (165) 841 (989) Repayment of non-recourse debt (990) (359) (475) (631) 116 Debt issuance costs (13) (70) (9) 57 (61) Repurchase and retirement of common stock (272) (10) (272) 10 Payment of withholding taxes on vesting of restricted stock units (8) (6) (4) (2) (2) Proceeds from employee stock plan purchases 5 1 2 4 (1) Proceeds from stock option exercises 2 13 1 (11) 12 Other (2) (3) (2) 1 (1) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (782) 1,636 328 (2,418) 1,308 
 The change in net cash flows used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 was primarily driven by repayments of debt and non-recourse debt in 2022 and our share repurchase program launched in 2022, partially offset by issuances of corporate debt in connection with the Diamond Acquisition during 2021. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Our commitments primarily relate to agreements with developers to purchase or construct vacation ownership units, operating leases and obligations associated with our debt, non-recourse debt and the related interest. As of December 31, 2022, we were committed to 4,961 million in contractual obligations over 9 years, 601 million of which will be fulfilled in 2023. This amount includes 826 million of interest on our debt and non-recourse debt, of which 144 million will be incurred in 2023. The ultimate amount and timing of certain commitments is subject to change pursuant to the terms of the respective arrangements, which could also allow for cancellation in certain circumstances. See Note 15: Debt and Non-recourse Debt, Note 17: Leases and Note 23: Commitments and Contingencies, in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 We utilize surety bonds related to the sales of VOIs in order to meet regulatory requirements of certain states. The availability, terms and conditions and pricing of such bonding capacity are dependent on, among other things, continued financial strength and stability of the insurance company affiliates providing the bonding capacity, general availability of such capacity and our corporate credit rating. We have commitments from surety providers in the amount of 327 million as of December 31, 2022, which primarily consist of escrow and subsidy related bonds. 
 Guarantor Financial Information 
 Certain subsidiaries, which are listed on Exhibit 22 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, have guaranteed our obligations related to our senior unsecured 2029 Notes and 2031 Notes (together, "the Notes"). The 2029 Notes were issued in June 2021 with an aggregate principal balance of 850 million, an interest rate of 5.000 and maturity in June 2029. The 2031 Notes were issued in June 2021 with an aggregate principal balance of 500 million, an interest rate of 4.875 , and maturity in July 2031. 
 The Notes were co-issued by Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC and Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc. (the Issuers and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (the Parent ), Hilton Grand Vacations Parent LLC, the Issuers, and each of the Issuer s existing and future wholly owned domestic restricted subsidiaries (all entities that guarantee the Notes, collectively, the Obligor group ). 
 The Notes rank equally in right of payment with all of the Issuers and each guarantor s existing and future senior indebtedness, are subordinated to all of the Issuers and guarantors existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness, including the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, rank senior in right of payment to all of the Issuers and guarantors future subordinated indebtedness and other obligations that expressly 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 provide for their subordination to the notes and the related guarantees, and are structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness claims of holders of preferred stock and other liabilities of the Issuer s subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Notes. 
 The guarantee of each guarantor subsidiary is limited to a maximum amount, subject to applicable U.S. and non-U.S. laws. The guarantees can also be released upon the sale or transfer of a guarantor subsidiary s capital stock or substantially all of its assets, becoming designated as an unrestricted subsidiary, or upon its consolidation into a co-Issuer or another subsidiary Guarantor. 
 The following tables provide summarized financial information of the Obligor group on a combined basis after elimination of (i) intercompany transactions and balances between the Parent and the subsidiary Guarantors and (ii) investments in and equity in the earnings of non-Guarantor subsidiaries and unconsolidated affiliates: 
 in millions) December 31, Assets 2022 Cash and cash equivalents 113 Restricted cash 222 Accounts receivable, net - due from non-guarantor subsidiaries 27 Accounts receivable, net - due from related parties 23 Accounts receivable, net - other 352 Timeshare financing receivables, net 546 Inventory 990 Property and equipment, net 768 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 74 Investments in unconsolidated affiliates 72 Goodwill 1,416 Intangible assets, net 1,277 Other assets 329 Total assets 6,209 Liabilities Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other - due from non-guarantor subsidiaries 27 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other - other 837 Advanced deposits 148 Debt, net 2,651 Operating lease liabilities 92 Deferred revenues 130 Deferred income tax liabilities 591 Total liabilities 4,476 
 Year Ended December 31, in millions) 2022 Total revenues - transactions with non-guarantor subsidiaries 12 Total revenues - other 3,326 Operating income 403 Net income 181 
 Subsequent Events 
 Management has evaluated all subsequent events through March 1, 2023, the date the audited 2022 10-K was available to be issued. The results of management s analysis indicated no significant subsequent events have occurred that required consideration or adjustments to our disclosures in the audited financial statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes. We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following accounting policies are critical because they involve a higher degree of judgment, and the estimates required to be made are based on assumptions that are inherently uncertain. As a result, these accounting policies could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates and judgments based on historical experiences and various other factors that are believed to reflect the current circumstances. While we believe our estimates, assumptions and judgments are reasonable, they are based on information presently available. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates due to changes in judgments, assumptions and conditions as a result of unforeseen events or otherwise, which could have a material effect on our financial position or results of operations. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 In accordance with ASC 606, revenue is recognized upon the transfer of control of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. To achieve the core principle of the guidance, we take the following steps: (i) identify the contract with the customer; (ii) determine whether the promised goods or services are separate performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price, including considering the constraint on variable consideration; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract based on the standalone selling price or estimated standalone selling price of the good or service; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) we satisfy each performance obligation. 
 A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of account in ASC 606. For arrangements that contain multiple goods or services, we determine whether such goods or services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately in the arrangement. When allocating the transaction price in the arrangement, we may not have observable standalone sales for all the performance obligations in these contracts; therefore, we exercise significant judgement when determining the standalone selling price of certain performance obligations. In order to estimate the standalone selling prices for products other than Collections contracts, we primarily rely on the expected cost-plus margin and adjusted market assessment approaches. We estimate stand-alone selling price for Collections contracts based on historical information, including expected breakage in contracts with multiple performance obligations, and allocate the remainder of the transaction price to the sale of points-based VOIs due to the variability in observable historical prices for traditional VOI sales. We then recognize the revenue allocated to each performance obligation as the related performance obligation is satisfied. See Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 Inventory and Cost of Sales 
 We use the relative sales value method of costing our VOI sales and relieving inventory, which requires us to make estimates subject to significant uncertainty. The estimates include future sales prices, timing and volume, provisions for financing receivables losses on financed sales of VOIs, sales incentives, projected future cost and volume of recoveries, including inventory reacquired from our upgrade programs. We aggregate these factors to calculate total net cost of sales of VOIs as a percentage of net sales of VOIs and apply this ratio to allocate the cost of sales to recognized sales of VOIs. The effect of changes in these estimates over the life of a project are recognized on a retrospective basis through corresponding adjustments to inventory and cost of sales in the period in which the estimates are revised. 
 Due to the application of the retrospective adjustments, changes in any of our estimates, including changes in our development and sales strategies could have a material effect on the carrying value of certain projects and inventory. We monitor our projects and inventory on an ongoing basis and complete an evaluation each reporting period to ensure that the inventory is stated at the lower of cost or fair value less cost to sell. In addition, we continually assess our VOIs inventory and, if necessary, impose pricing adjustments to modify sales pace. 
 Long-lived Assets and Related Impairment 
 We evaluate the carrying value of our property and equipment if there are indicators of potential impairment. We perform an analysis to determine the recoverability of the asset s carrying value by comparing the expected undiscounted future cash flows to the net book value of the asset. If it is determined that the expected undiscounted future cash flows are less than the net book value of the asset, we calculate the asset s fair value. The impairment loss recognized is equal to the amount that the net book value is in excess of fair value. Fair value is generally estimated using valuation techniques that consider the discounted cash flows of the asset using discount and capitalization rates deemed reasonable for the type of 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 asset, as well as prevailing market conditions, appraisals, recent similar transactions in the market and, if appropriate and available, current estimated net sales proceeds from pending offers. We review all finite life intangible assets for impairment when circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. If the carrying value of an asset group is not recoverable, we recognize an impairment loss for the excess of the carrying value over the fair value in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 We classify long-lived assets to be sold as held for sale in the period if (i) we have approved and committed to a plan to sell the asset, (ii) the asset is available for immediate sale in its present condition, (iii) an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to sell the asset have been initiated, (iv) the sale of the asset is probable, (v) the asset is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value, and (vi) it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. We initially measure a long-lived asset that is classified as held for sale at the lower of its carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell. We assess the fair value of a long-lived asset less any costs to sell at each reporting period and until the asset is no longer classified as held for sale. The methodology utilized to determine fair value at the time of classification as held for sale is dependent on the type of long-lived asset reclassified. All methodologies utilized to determine fair value involve judgment. 
 Business Combinations 
 We account for our business combinations in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting. We allocate the purchase price of an acquisition to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. For each acquisition, we recognize goodwill as the amount in which consideration transferred for the acquired entity exceeds the fair values of net assets. The fair value of net assets is the fair value assigned to the assets acquired reduced by the fair value assigned to liabilities assumed. In determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, we use various recognized valuation methods including the income, cost and sales and market approaches, which also include certain valuation techniques such as discount rates, and the amount and timing of future cash flows. We utilize independent valuation specialists under our supervision for certain of our assignments of fair value. We record the net assets and results of operations of an acquired entity in our consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date through period-end. We expense acquisition-related expenses as incurred and include such expenses within Acquisition and integration-related expense on our consolidated statements of operations. See Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 3: Diamond Acquisition for further information. 
 Goodwill 
 We do not amortize goodwill. We evaluate goodwill for potential impairment at least annually, or more frequently if an event or other circumstance indicates that it is more-likely-than-not that we may not be able to recover the carrying amount (book value) of the net assets of the related reporting unit. When evaluating goodwill for impairment, we may perform the optional qualitative assessment by considering factors including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, overall financial performance and other relevant entity-specific events. If we bypass the qualitative assessment, or if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, then we perform a quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. We only recognize an impairment on goodwill if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, in an amount not to exceed the carrying value of the reporting unit's goodwill. 
 Allowance for Financing Receivables Losses 
 The allowance for financing receivables losses is related to the receivables generated by our financing of VOI sales, which are secured by the underlying timeshare properties. We determine our financing receivables to be past due based on the contractual terms of the individual mortgage loans. We use a technique referred to as static pool analysis as the basis for determining our general reserve requirements on our financing receivables. The adequacy of the related allowance is determined by management through analysis of several factors requiring judgment, such as current economic conditions and industry trends, as well as the specific risk characteristics of the portfolio, including historic and assumed default rates. Although the allowance includes several factors requiring judgment, the static pool model is not highly uncertain as it relies upon historical metrics. 
 Changes in the estimates used in developing our default rates could result in a material change to our allowance. A 0.5 increase to our projected default rates used in the allowance calculation would increase our allowance for financing receivables losses by approximately 15 million. 
 Acquired Financial Assets with Credit Deterioration 
 When financial assets are acquired, whether in connection with a business combination or an asset acquisition, we evaluate whether those acquired financial assets have experienced a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination. Financial assets that were acquired with evidence of such credit deterioration are referred to as purchased 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 credit deteriorated PCD assets and reflect the acquirer s assessment at the acquisition date. The evaluation of PCD assets is a qualitative assessment requiring significant management judgment. We consider indicators such as delinquency, FICO score deterioration, purchased credit impaired status from prior acquisition, certain account status codes which we believe are indicative of credit deterioration, as well as certain loan activity such as modifications and downgrades. In addition, we consider the impact of current and forward-looking economic conditions relative to the conditions which would have existed at origination. 
 Acquired PCD assets are recorded at the purchase price, represented by the acquisition date fair value, and subsequently grossed-up by the acquirer s acquisition date assessment of the allowance for credit losses. The purchase price and the initial allowance for credit losses collectively represent the PCD asset s initial amortized cost basis. While the initial allowance for credit losses of PCD assets does not impact period earnings, the Company remeasures the allowance for credit losses for PCD assets during each subsequent reporting period; changes in the allowance are recognized as provision expense within period earnings. The difference over which par value of the acquired PCD assets exceeds the purchase price plus the initial allowance for credit losses is reflected as a non-credit discount (or premium) and is accreted into interest income (or as a reduction to interest income) under the effective interest method. 
 Acquired financial assets which are not PCD assets are also recorded at the purchase price but are not similarly grossed-up . The acquirer recognizes an allowance for credit losses as of the acquisition date, which is recognized with a corresponding provision expense impact within earnings. The allowance is remeasured within each subsequent reporting period in the same manner as for PCD assets, with any change in the allowance recognized as provision expense in period earnings. See Note 3: Diamond Acquisition and Note 7: Timeshare Financing Receivables for further information. 
 Income Taxes 
 We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using currently enacted tax rates. We regularly review our deferred tax assets to assess their potential realization and establish a valuation allowance for portions of such assets that we believe will not be ultimately realized. In performing this review, we make estimates and assumptions regarding projected future taxable income, the expected timing of reversals of existing temporary differences and the implementation of tax planning strategies. A change in these assumptions may increase or decrease our valuation allowance resulting in an increase or decrease in our effective tax rate, which could materially affect our consolidated financial statements. 
 We use a prescribed more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return if there is uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements. Assumptions and estimates are used to determine the more-likely-than-not designation. Changes to these assumptions and estimates can lead to an additional income tax (expense) benefit, which can materially change our consolidated financial statements. 
 Legal Contingencies 
 We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims, the outcomes of which are subject to significant uncertainty. An estimated loss from a loss contingency should be accrued by a charge to income if it is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required when we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. Changes in these factors could materially affect our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates. We manage our exposure to these risks by monitoring available financing alternatives and through pricing policies that may take into account currency exchange rates. We do not foresee any significant changes in either our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates or how we manage interest rates or currency rates or how we manage such exposure in the future. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk on our variable-rate debt, comprised of the term loans, Revolver and our Timeshare Facility, of which the Timeshare Facility is without recourse to us. The interest rates are based on one-month LIBOR, with the exception of the Timeshare Facility which is based on one-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), and we are most vulnerable to changes in these rates. We primarily use interest rate swaps as part of our interest rate risk management strategy for our variable-rate debt. 
 We intend to securitize timeshare financing receivables in the asset-backed financing market periodically. We expect to secure fixed-rate funding to match our fixed-rate timeshare financing receivables. However, if we have variable- 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 rate debt in the future, we will monitor the interest rate risk and evaluate opportunities to mitigate such risk through the use of derivative instruments. 
 To the extent we continue to have variable-rate borrowings and continue to utilize variable-rate indebtedness in the future, any increase in interest rates beyond amounts covered under any corresponding derivative financial instruments, particularly if sustained, could have an adverse effect on our net income (loss), cash flows and financial position. While we have entered into certain hedging transactions to address such potential risk, such transactions and any future hedging transactions we may enter into may not adequately mitigate the adverse effects of interest rate increases or that counterparties in those transactions will honor their obligations. 
 The following table sets forth the contractual maturities, weighted-average interest rates and the total fair values as of December 31, 2022, for our financial instruments that are materially affected by interest rate risk: 
 Maturities by Period in millions) Weighted 
 Average 
 Interest 
 Rate (1) 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 There- after Total (2) 
 Fair Value Assets: Fixed-rate securitized timeshare financing receivables 13.948 124 130 132 134 131 399 1,050 946 Fixed-rate unsecuritized timeshare financing receivables 15.210 111 112 125 138 150 782 1,418 964 Liabilities: (3) 
 Fixed-rate debt 4.428 266 214 159 130 93 1,526 2,388 2,126 Variable-rate debt 6.981 16 15 112 53 13 1,219 1,428 1,417 
 (1) Weighted-average interest rate as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Amount excludes unamortized deferred financing costs. 
 (3) Includes debt and non-recourse debt. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 Though the majority of our operations are conducted in United States dollar U.S. dollar ), we are exposed to earnings and cash flow volatility associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our principal exposure results from our timeshare financing receivables denominated in Japanese yen and Canadian dollars, the value of which could change materially in reference to our reporting currency, the U.S. dollar. For the purpose of analyzing foreign currency exchange risk, we considered the historical trends in foreign currency exchange rates and determined that an adverse change in exchange rates of 10 would be considered immaterial as of December 31, 2022. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 69 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42) 
 70 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 72 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 74 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 75 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 76 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 20 22 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 77 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 78 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 79 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (the "Company") is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets of the Company that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment, management concluded that a material weakness exists in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 due to a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting at Dakota Holdings, Inc. Diamond ), which the Company acquired on August 2, 2021. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements could occur but will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Prior to 2022, Diamond, which was acquired on August 2, 2021, was not included in our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC rules provide companies one year to assess controls at an acquired entity. Accordingly, within this period, we performed our first comprehensive assessment of the design and effectiveness of internal controls at Diamond, which was not a reporting company pursuant to the Exchange Act, at the time of the acquisition and therefore not subject to the same requirements with respect to internal controls as the Company. As a result of this assessment, we determined that Diamond s internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022. Specifically, Diamond did not adequately identify, design and implement the process-level controls for its significant processes that are necessary for compliance with the requirements for reporting companies, and Diamond did not have appropriate information technology controls for its information technology systems or such controls did not operate for a sufficient period of time prior to the assessment date. These deficiencies neither pertained to, nor impacted, any of the processes, controls or procedures related to the historical business of the Company outside of Diamond. Additionally, there were no identified material misstatements to our current year financial statements, no restatements of prior period financial statements and no changes in previously released financial results required as the result of these control deficiencies. 
 Ernst Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that has audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report expressing an adverse opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The report is included herein. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Cost of Vacation Ownership Intervals Sales Description of the Matter For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s cost of vacation ownership intervals VOI sales was 274 million, which includes amounts recognized by the Legacy-HGV and Legacy-Diamond operations. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company accounts for cost of VOI sales using the relative sales value method. Changes in estimates within the relative sales value calculations are accounted for as cost of sales true-ups and are included in cost of VOI sales in the consolidated statements of operations to retrospectively adjust the margin previously recognized subject to those estimates. 
 Auditing management s application of the relative sales value method for Legacy-HGV and Legacy-Diamond sales was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant estimation uncertainty in determining the significant assumptions required to apply the method, including future VOI sales prices, timing and volume of VOI sales, and provisions for financing receivables losses on financed sales of VOIs. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Vacation Ownership Intervals Sales (Continued) How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Legacy-HGV cost of VOI sales process. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the Legacy-HGV cost of VOI sales calculations used as part of the relative sales value method, including the significant assumptions described above. 
 To test the Legacy-HGV and Legacy-Diamond cost of VOI sales, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the methodologies used by management, evaluating the significant assumptions discussed above and testing the underlying data used by the Company within its analyses. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to historical trends and/or the Company s future plans, as appropriate. We assessed the historical accuracy of management s estimates based on previous assumptions and performed analytical procedures to evaluate the significant assumptions. We performed analytical procedures to evaluate individual timeshare project or individual collection cost of VOI sales rates. Given the uniqueness of the cost of VOI sales analysis to the real estate timeshare industry, we involved real estate subject matter resources on our team. 
 Allowance for Financing Receivables Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the Company s allowance for financing receivables generated by the financing of VOI sales was 742 million, which included amounts related to the Legacy-HGV and Legacy-Diamond operations. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company records an estimate of variable consideration due to uncollectibles as a reduction of revenue from VOI sales at the time revenue is recognized on a VOI sale. The Company uses a technique referred to as static pool analysis as the basis for determining the default rates that are used to estimate variable consideration and allowance for financing receivables. The estimates of the variable consideration are based on default rates that are an output of the Legacy-HGV and Legacy-Diamond static pools and consider current and future economic and market conditions. 
 Auditing the Legacy-HGV and Legacy-Diamond allowance for financing receivables was challenging and required additional audit effort due to the complex nature of the static pool analysis and the high volume of data which is utilized in applying the static pool analysis. The estimate also required judgment in evaluating management s conclusions regarding which historical default rates most appropriately reflect the current and future market conditions. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Legacy-HGV allowance for financing receivables process, including controls over management s review of the static pool analysis and data utilized in the static pool analysis. 
 To test the estimated Legacy-HGV and Legacy-Diamond allowance for financing receivables, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the methodology discussed above, and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by the Company in its analyses. We evaluated management s assessment that historical data reflects current and future market conditions in estimating the allowance. We also compared data used in the Legacy-HGV and Legacy-Diamond static pool analyses to historical data from prior periods. We analytically compared current year default rates to prior year default rates. In addition, we recalculated the Legacy-HGV and Legacy-Diamond allowance for financing receivables for certain pools of loans. Given the uniqueness of the static pool analysis to the real estate timeshare industry, we involved real estate subject matter resources on our team. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Hilton Grand Vacation Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness described below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (the Company) has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management s assessment. The Company, which acquired Diamond on August 2, 2021, did not adequately identify, design and implement appropriate process-level controls for Legacy-Diamond s significant processes and appropriate information technology controls for Legacy-Diamond s information technology systems or such controls did not operate for a sufficient period of time prior to the assessment date. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes. This material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated March 1, 2023, which expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Orlando, Florida 
 March 1, 2023 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except share data) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and 
 Timeshare financing receivables, net Inventory Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Goodwill Intangible assets, net Land and infrastructure held for sale Other assets TOTAL ASSETS (variable interest entities - and 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other Advanced deposits Debt, net Non-recourse debt, net Operating lease liabilities Deferred revenues Deferred income tax liabilities Total liabilities (variable interest entities - and 
 Commitments and contingencies - see Note 23 Equity: Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares, 
 issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value; authorized shares, 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Total equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Sales of VOIs, net Sales, marketing, brand and other fees Financing Resort and club management Rental and ancillary services Cost reimbursements Total revenues Expenses Cost of VOI sales Sales and marketing Financing Resort and club management Rental and ancillary services General and administrative Acquisition and integration-related expense Depreciation and amortization License fee expense Impairment expense Cost reimbursements Total operating expenses Interest expense ) ) ) Equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates Other (loss) gain, net ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Net income (loss) ) Earnings (loss) per share: Basic ) Diluted ) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Derivative instrument adjustments, net of tax Other comprehensive income, net of tax Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs, acquisition premiums and other Provision for financing receivables losses Impairment expense Other loss (gain), net ) Share-based compensation Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates ) ) ) Return on investment in unconsolidated affiliates Net changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisition: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Timeshare financing receivables, net ) ) Inventory ) Purchases and development of real estate for future conversion to inventory ) ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other ) ) Advanced deposits ) Deferred revenues ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Acquisition of Diamond, net of cash and restricted cash acquired ) Capital expenditures for property and equipment (excluding inventory) ) ) ) Software capitalization costs ) ) ) Investments in unconsolidated affiliates ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities Issuance of debt Issuance of non-recourse debt Repayment of debt ) ) ) Repayment of non-recourse debt ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) Payment of withholding taxes on vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Proceeds from employee stock plan purchases Proceeds from stock option exercises Other ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents restricted cash ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Less: Restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in millions) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Equity Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 Net income Activity related to share-based compensation Shares issued for Diamond acquisition Employee stock plan issuance Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Derivative instrument adjustments Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Net income Activity related to share-based compensation Employee stock plan issuance Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Derivative instrument adjustments Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 . HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1: 
 properties located in the United States U.S. ), Europe, Mexico, the Caribbean, Canada and Japan. A significant number of our properties and VOIs are concentrated in Florida, Europe, Hawaii, California, Arizona, Nevada and Virginia. 
 Diamond Acquisition 
 On August 2, 2021, we completed the Diamond Acquisition by exchanging of the outstanding equity interests of Diamond for shares of HGV common stock. Pre-existing HGV shareholders owned approximately of the combined company immediately after giving effect to the Diamond Acquisition, with certain funds controlled by Apollo Global Management Inc. Apollo and other minority shareholders, which previously owned of Diamond, holding the remaining approximately at the time the Diamond Acquisition was completed. 
 The acquired portfolio of resort properties are included in Diamond's single- and multi-use trusts (collectively, the Diamond Collections or Collections ), or are stand-alone Diamond branded resorts in which we own inventory. In addition, there are affiliated resorts and hotels, which we do not manage, and which do not carry the Diamond brand but are a part of Diamond's network and, through THE Club and other Club offerings (collectively the Diamond Clubs ), are available for its members to use as vacation destinations. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes Diamond s results of operations beginning on August 2, 2021. We refer to Diamond's business and operations that we acquired as Legacy-Diamond , and our business and operations that existed both prior to and following the Diamond Acquisition as Legacy-HGV . See Note 3: Diamond Acquisition for further information. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

and months) and may be used for stays at properties within our resort network, and in the case of HGV, hotel reservations within Hilton s system and VOI interval exchanges with other third-party vacation ownership exchanges. At the time of the VOI sale, we estimate the fair value of sales incentives to be redeemed, including an adjustment for estimated breakage, to determine the standalone selling price of these incentives FDI ). We defer a portion of the total transaction price for the combined VOI contract as a liability for the FDI and recognize the corresponding revenue at the point in time when the customer receives the benefits of the FDI, which is upon the customer s redemption of the Bonus Points. At that 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 average inventory holding period. 
 Annual dues for membership renewals are billed each year, and we recognize revenue from these annual dues over the period services are rendered. A member may elect to enter into an optional exchange transaction at which point the member pays their required transaction fee. This option does not represent a material right as the transactions are priced at their standalone selling price. Revenue related to the transaction is recognized when the services are rendered. 
 As part of our resort operations, we contract with HOAs to provide day-to-day-management services, including housekeeping services, operation of a reservation system, maintenance, and certain accounting and administrative services. We receive compensation for such management services, which is generally based on a percentage of costs to operate the resorts, on a monthly basis. These fees represent a form of variable consideration and are estimated and recognized over time as the HOAs receive and consume the benefits of the management services. Management fees earned related to the portion of unsold VOIs at each resort which we own are recognized on a net basis given we retain these VOIs in our inventory. 
 Rental and ancillary services Our rental and ancillary services consist primarily of rental revenues on unoccupied vacation ownership units, inventory made available due to ownership exchanges through our club program and ancillary revenues. Rental revenue is recognized when occupancy has occurred. Advance deposits on the rental unit and the corresponding revenue is deferred and recognized upon the customer s vacation stay. Ancillary revenues consist of food and beverage, retail, spa offerings and other items. We recognize ancillary revenue when goods have been provided and/or services have been rendered. 
 We account for rental operations of unsold VOIs, including accommodations provided through the use of our vacation sampler programs, as incidental operations. In all periods presented, incremental carrying costs exceeded incremental revenues, and all revenues and expenses are recognized in the period earned or incurred. 
 Cost reimbursements As part of our management agreements with HOAs and fee-for-service developers, we receive cost reimbursements for performing the day-to-day management services, including direct and indirect costs that HOAs and developers reimburse to us. These costs primarily consist of insurance, payroll and payroll related costs for management of the HOAs and other services we provide where we are the employer and provide insurance. Cost reimbursements are based upon actual expenses with no added margin, and are billed to the HOA on a monthly basis. We recognize cost 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 million relating to deferred commission costs for certain vacation package sales and VOI sales of resorts under construction. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized million of expense related to costs deferred as of December 31, 2021. 
 Other than the United States, there were no countries that individually represented more than 10 of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we did not earn more than 10 of our total revenue from one customer. 
 
 See Note 4: Revenue from Contracts with Customers for further information. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

. We review the CCAs for impairment when circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. If the carrying value of an asset group is not recoverable, we recognize an impairment loss for the excess of carrying value over the fair value in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 timeshare financing receivables portfolio segments: (i) originated and (ii) acquired. Our originated portfolio segment includes Legacy-HGV and Legacy-Diamond timeshare financing receivables originated after the August 2, 2021 acquisition date, while our acquired portfolio segments includes all Legacy-Diamond timeshare financing receivables as of that date. We evaluate the portfolio segments collectively, since we hold a large group of homogeneous timeshare financing receivables, which are individually immaterial. We monitor the credit quality of our receivables on an ongoing basis. There are no significant concentrations of collection risk with any individual counterparty or groups of counterparties. We use a technique referred to as static pool analysis as the basis for determining our financing receivables losses reserve requirements on our timeshare financing receivables. The static pool analysis includes several years of default data through which we stratify our portfolio using certain key dimensions including, for Legacy-HGV timeshare financing receivables, FICO scores and equity percentage at the time of sale. The adequacy of the related allowance is 
 83 

Table of Contents 

); furniture and equipment three to , including our corporate jet); and computer equipment and acquired software ). Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life, based on the estimates above, or the lease term. 
 We evaluate the carrying value of our property and equipment if there are indicators of potential impairment. We perform an analysis to determine the recoverability of the asset s carrying value by comparing the expected undiscounted future cash flows to the net book value of the asset. If it is determined that the expected undiscounted future cash flows are less than the net book value of the asset, we calculate the asset s fair value. The impairment loss recognized is equal to the amount that the net book value is in excess of fair value. Fair value is generally estimated using valuation techniques that consider the discounted cash flows of the asset using discount and capitalization rates deemed reasonable for the type of asset, as well as prevailing market conditions, appraisals, recent similar transactions in the market and, if appropriate and available, current estimated net sales proceeds from pending offers. Refer to Note 9: Property and Equipment for further information. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

million related to the identified assets held for sale. The non-cash impairment charge was comprised of a million charge related to Land and infrastructure held for sale and an million charge related to Property and equipment , respectively. The estimated fair value of land and infrastructure held for sale was million as of December 31, 2021, excluding costs to sell. We did not have any non-cash impairment charges related to assets held for sale for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we concluded that the parcels of land and infrastructure which were previously classified as held for sale, no longer met the held for sale criteria. Thus, these assets were reclassified to property and equipment as a non-cash transfer. The assets were measured at fair value as of the transfer date as assets held for sale prior to reclassification, principally utilizing market approaches for the land parcels and the cost approach for infrastructure. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a reversal of impairment expense of million corresponding with this reclassification. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have assets held for sale. Refer to Note 9: Property and Equipment and Note 16: Fair value measurements for further information. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were included in Other assets 
 86 

Table of Contents 

87 

Table of Contents 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Note 3: 
 of the outstanding equity interests of Diamond to HGV common shares. Following the closing of the Diamond Acquisition, pre-existing HGV shareholders owned approximately of the combined company after giving effect to the Diamond Acquisition, with Apollo and other minority shareholders holding the remaining approximately at the time the Diamond Acquisition was completed. 
 On the Acquisition Date, shareholders of Diamond received shares of our common stock for each share of Diamond common stock, totaling approximately of our total common shares outstanding. Additionally, in connection with the Diamond Acquisition, HGV repaid certain existing indebtedness of Diamond. Costs related to the acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively, which were expensed as incurred, and reflected as Acquisition and integration-related expense in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 HGV common stock price as of Acquisition Date (1) 
 Stock purchase price Repayment of Legacy-Diamond debt Total consideration transferred 
 
 Fair Values of Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed 
 We accounted for the Diamond Acquisition as a business combination, which required us to record the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value as of the Acquisition Date. 
 Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts Timeshare financing receivables, net Inventory Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other Non-recourse debt, net Operating lease liabilities Advanced deposits Deferred revenues Deferred income tax liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired Total consideration transferred Goodwill (1) 
 
 (1) Goodwill is calculated as total consideration transferred less net assets acquired and it primarily represents the value that we expect to obtain from synergies and growth opportunities from our combined Company post-acquisition. The majority of goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 Our estimates and assumptions were subject to adjustments during the measurement period, not to exceed one year from the Acquisition Date. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a net adjustment to goodwill of which million, net of impacts of tax adjustments. The adjustments resulted from changes to our estimates of the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities based on finalizing the valuations of acquired property and equipment, accounts receivable, operating lease right-of-use asset and related lease liabilities, capitalized software and insurance receivables given the ultimate determination of proceeds related to preacquisition business interruption insurance claims as well as deferred income tax liabilities. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 amortizing repayment terms. We estimated the fair value of the timeshare financing receivables using a discounted cash flow model, which calculated a present value of expected future risk-adjusted cash flows over the remaining term of the respective timeshare financing receivables. For purposes of our fair value allocation, we have considered all acquired receivables to be purchase credit deteriorated assets. See Note 7: Timeshare Financing Receivables for further information. 
 Allowance for credit losses Premium attributable to other factors ) Par value 
 Inventory 
 We acquired inventory which primarily consists of completed unsold VOIs. We valued acquired inventory using a discounted cash flows method, which included an estimate of cash flows expected to be generated from the sale of VOIs. Significant estimates and assumptions impacting the fair value of the acquired inventory that are subjective and/or require complex judgments include our estimates of operating costs and margins, and the discount rate. Certain other estimates and assumptions impacting the fair value of the acquired inventory involving less subjective and/or less complex judgments include: short-term and long-term revenue growth rates, capital expenditures, tax rates and other factors impacting the discounted cash flows. 
 Property and Equipment 
 We acquired property and equipment, which includes land, building and leasehold improvements, furniture and equipment and construction in progress. We valued the majority of acquired property and equipment using a mix of cost, market and discounted cash flow approaches, which included estimates of future income growth, capitalization rates, discount rates, and capital expenditure needs of the resorts. 
 Intangible Assets 
 Management contracts Club member relationships Computer software Total intangible assets 
 We valued the acquired trade name intangible using the relief-from-royalty method, which applies an estimated royalty rate to forecasted future cash flows, discounted to present value. We valued the acquired management contracts intangible and club member relationships intangible using the multi-period excess earnings method, which is a variation of the income approach. This method estimates an intangible asset s value based on the present value of the incremental after-tax cash flows attributable to the intangible asset. Significant estimates and assumptions impacting the fair value of the acquired management contracts intangible that are subjective and/or require complex judgments include our estimates of operating costs and margins, and the discount rate. Certain other estimates and assumptions impacting the fair value of the acquired management contracts intangible involving less subjective and/or less complex judgments include: short-term and 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 million of Diamond s existing corporate debt, accrued interest and early termination penalties. 
 Non-Recourse Debt 
 We valued the securitized debt from VIEs and warehouse loan facilities, using a discounted cash flow model under the income approach. The significant assumptions in our analysis include default rates, prepayment rates, bond interest rates and other structural factors. 
 Operating Lease Right-of-Use-Assets and Lease Liabilities 
 We have recorded liabilities for those operating leases assumed in connection with the Diamond Acquisition with a remaining term in excess of a year. We valued lease liabilities at the present value of the remaining contractual lease payments based on the guidance in ASC 842 and used a discount rate determined as of the Acquisition Date. The right-of-use assets for such leases were measured at an amount equal to the lease liabilities, adjusted for favorable or unfavorable terms of the lease when compared with market terms. 
 Goodwill 
 
 Pro Forma Results of Operations 
 Net income (loss) ) 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Net income 
 
 segments: (i) Real estate sales and financing and (ii) Resort operations and club management . Please refer to Note 22: Business Segments below for more details related to our segments. 
 in millions) Year Ended December 31, 
 Real Estate Sales and Financing Segment 2022 2021 2020 Sales of VOIs, net Sales, marketing, brand and other fees Interest income Other financing revenue Real estate sales and financing segment revenues 
 in millions) Year Ended December 31, 
 Resort Operations and Club Management Segment 2022 2021 2020 Club management Resort management Rental (1) 
 Ancillary services Resort operations and club management segment revenues 
 (1) Excludes intersegment eliminations. See Note 22: Business Segments for additional information. 
 Contract Balances 
 
 The following table presents the composition of our contract liabilities: 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 in millions) 2022 2021 Contract liabilities: Advanced deposits Deferred sales of VOIs of projects under construction Club dues and Club activation fees Bonus Point incentive liability and marketing package (1) 
 Deferred maintenance fees Other deferred revenue 
 million of bonus point incentive liabilities and million for related bonus points and marketing package deferred revenue. The Bonus Point incentive liabilities are included in Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 million. Revenue earned for the year ended December 31, 2021 that was included in the contract liabilities balance at December 31, 2020 was approximately million. 
 Our accounts receivable that relate to our contracts with customers includes amounts associated with our contractual right to consideration for completed performance obligations related primarily to our fee-for-service arrangements and homeowners associations management agreements and are settled when the related cash is received. Accounts receivable are recorded when the right to consideration becomes unconditional and is only contingent on the passage of time. 
 Contract assets relate to incentive fees that can be earned for meeting certain targets on sales of VOIs at properties under our fee-for-service arrangements; however, our right to consideration is conditional upon completing the requirements of the annual incentive fee period. As of December 31, 2022, contract assets were million. There were contract assets as of December 31, 2021. 
 Contract liabilities include payments received or due in advance of satisfying our performance obligations, offset by revenues recognized. Such contract liabilities include advance deposits received on prepaid vacation packages for future stays at our resorts, deferred revenues related to sales of VOIs of projects under construction, Club activation fees and annual dues and the liability for Bonus Points awarded to our customers for purchase of VOIs at our properties or properties under our fee-for-service arrangements that may be redeemed in the future. 
 Transaction Price Allocated to Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations represents contract revenue that has not yet been recognized. Our contracts with remaining performance obligations primarily include (i) sales of VOIs under construction, (ii) Club activation fees paid at closing of a VOI purchase, (iii) customers advanced deposits on prepaid vacation packages and (iv) Bonus Points that may be redeemed in the future. 
 Deferred VOI sales include the deferred revenues associated with: the sales associated with incomplete phases or buildings; the sales of unacquired inventory; and deferred sales associated with our long-term lease product with a reversionary interest. 
 Cost of VOI sales Sales and marketing expense 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized million of sales of VOIs, net, offset by deferrals of million, related to sales of projects under construction, some of which were completed during the year. We expect to recognize the revenue, costs of VOI sales and direct selling costs related to the projects under construction as of December 31, 2022 upon their completion in 2023. 
 months Upon customer stays Club activation fees years Straight-line basis over average inventory holding period Bonus Points - months 
 Upon redemption 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Note 5: 
 Reserves related to non-recourse debt (1) 
 Other (2) 
 Total 
 (1) See Note 15: Debt Non-recourse Debt for further information. 
 (2) Other restricted cash primarily includes cash collected on behalf of HOAs, deposits related to servicer arrangements and other deposits. 
 
 Note 6: 
 
 Real estate and financing Resort and club operations Tax receivables Insurance claims receivable Other receivables Total 
 Our accounts receivable are generally due within one year of origination. We use delinquency status and economic factors such as credit quality indicators to monitor our receivables within the scope of ASC 326 and use these as a basis for how we develop our expected loss estimates. 
 We sell VOIs on behalf of third-party developers using the Hilton Grand Vacations brand in exchange for sales, marketing and brand fees. We use historical losses and economic factors as a basis to develop our allowance for credit losses. Under these fee-for-service arrangements, we earn commission fees based on a percentage of total interval sales. Additionally, the terms of these arrangements include provisions requiring the reduction of fees earned for defaults and cancellations. 
 Current period provision for expected credit losses Write-offs charged against the allowance ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

Note 7: 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Unsecuritized (1) 
 Timeshare financing receivables, gross Unamortized non-credit acquisition premium (2) 
 Less: allowance for financing receivables losses ) ) ) ) Timeshare financing receivables, net 
 (1) Includes amounts used as collateral to secure a non-recourse revolving timeshare receivable credit facility Timeshare Facility as well as amounts held as future collateral for securitization activities. 
 (2) Non-credit premium of million was recognized at the Acquisition Date, of which million remains unamortized as of December 31, 2022. 
 In August 2022, we completed a securitization of million of gross timeshare financing receivables and issued various notes due January 2037. In April 2022, we completed a securitization of million of gross timeshare financing receivables and issued various notes due June 2034. Neither of the securitization transactions qualified as a sale and, accordingly, no gain or loss was recognized. See Note 15: Debt and Non-recourse Debt for additional information. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had timeshare financing receivables with a carrying value of million and million, respectively, securing the Timeshare Facility. 
 We record an estimate of variable consideration for estimated defaults as a reduction of revenue from VOI sales at the time revenue is recognized on a VOI sale. We record the difference between the timeshare financing receivable and the variable consideration included in the transaction price for the sale of the related VOI as an allowance for financing receivables and record the receivable net of the allowance. We recorded an adjustment to our estimate of variable consideration of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We recognize interest income on our timeshare financing receivables as earned. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had interest receivable of million and million, respectively, on our originated timeshare financing receivables. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had interest receivable of million and million, respectively, on our acquired timeshare financing receivables. Interest receivable is included in Other Assets within our consolidated balance sheets. The interest rate charged on the notes correlates to the risk profile of the customer at the time of purchase and the percentage of the purchase that is financed, among other factors. As of December 31, 2022, our originated timeshare financing receivables had interest rates ranging from to , a weighted-average interest rate of , a weighted-average remaining term of years and maturities through 2037. Our acquired timeshare financing receivables had interest rates ranging from to , a weighted-average interest rate of , a weighted-average remaining term of years and maturities through . 
 Acquired Timeshare Financing Receivables with Credit Deterioration 
 As part of the Diamond Acquisition, we acquired existing portfolios of timeshare financing receivables. Acquired timeshare financing receivables include all timeshare financing receivables of Legacy-Diamond as of the Acquisition Date and were deemed to be purchase credit deteriorated financial assets. These notes receivable were initially recognized at their purchase price, represented by the acquisition date fair value, and subsequently grossed-up by our acquisition date assessment of the allowance for credit losses. The difference over which par value of the acquired purchased credit deteriorated assets exceeds the purchase price plus the initial allowance for credit losses is reflected as a non-credit premium and is amortized as a reduction to interest income under the effective interest method. 
 See Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information on the fair value methodology for our acquired timeshare financing receivables and related allowances for credit losses. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Originated Timeshare Financing Receivables 
 Originated timeshare financing receivables represent all Legacy-HGV timeshare financing receivables and timeshare financing receivables originated by Legacy-Diamond subsequent to the Acquisition Date. Our originated timeshare financing receivables as of December 31, 2022 mature as follows: 
 Originated Timeshare Financing Receivables in millions) Securitized Unsecuritized Total Year 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Allowance for Financing Receivables Losses 
 Initial allowance for PCD financing receivables acquired during the period (2) 
 Provision for financing receivables losses (1) 
 Write-offs ) ) Upgrades (3) 
 ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Provision for financing receivables losses (1) 
 Write-offs ) ) Upgrades (3) 
 ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) Includes incremental provision for financing receivables losses, net of activity related to the repurchase of defaulted and upgraded securitized timeshare financing receivables. 
 (2) The initial gross allowance determined for receivables with credit deterioration was million as of the Acquisition Date. Of this amount, approximately million relates to net uncollectible balances such as loans that were fully written-off prior to the Acquisition. Therefore, the net impact to the allowance related to acquired loans not previously written off was an increase of million. 
 
 Credit Quality of Timeshare Financing Receivables 
 Legacy-HGV Timeshare Financing Receivables 
 We evaluate this portfolio collectively for purposes of estimating variable consideration, since we hold a large group of homogeneous timeshare financing receivables which are individually immaterial. We monitor the collectability of 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 600-699 600-699 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had ceased accruing interest on timeshare financing receivables with an aggregate principal balance of million and million, respectively. 
 31 - 90 days past due 91 - 120 days past due 121 days and greater past due Total 
 Legacy-HGV Timeshare Financing Receivables December 31, 2021 in millions) Securitized Unsecuritized Total Current 31 - 90 days past due 91 - 120 days past due 121 days and greater past due Total 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 600-699 600-699 98 

Table of Contents 

 600-699 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had ceased accruing interest on Legacy-Diamond timeshare financing receivables with an aggregate principal balance of million and million, respectively. 
 31 - 90 days past due 91 - 120 days past due 121 days and greater past due Total 
 Legacy-Diamond Timeshare Financing Receivables December 31, 2021 in millions) Securitized Unsecuritized Total Current 31 - 90 days past due 91 - 120 days past due 121 days and greater past due Total 
 
 Note 8: 
 Construction in process Land, infrastructure and other Total 
 ) 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2022, the costs of sales true-up decreased costs of VOI sales and increased inventory. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the costs of sales true-up increased costs of VOI sales and decreased inventory. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the costs of sales true-up decreased costs of VOI sales and increased inventory. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

Note 9: 
 Building and leasehold improvements Furniture and equipment Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total 
 Depreciation expense on property and equipment was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 
 Land increased by million as of December 31, 2022 from December 31, 2021, primarily due to the transfer of assets held for sale to property and equipment. During 2022, we concluded that the parcels of land and infrastructure which were previously classified as held for sale, no longer met the held for sale criteria. Thus, these assets were reclassified to property and equipment as a non-cash transfer. The assets were measured at fair value as of the transfer date as assets held for sale prior to reclassification, principally utilizing market approaches for the land parcels and the cost approach for infrastructure. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a reversal of impairment expense of million corresponding with the asset reclassification and an impairment charge of million for retirement of certain assets. 
 See Note 24: Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information for information regarding non-cash transfers. 
 
 Note 10: 
 and VIEs, respectively. The activities of these entities are limited to purchasing qualifying non-recourse timeshare financing receivables from us and issuing debt securities and/or borrowing under a debt facility to facilitate such purchases. The timeshare financing receivables held by these entities are not available to our creditors and are not our legal assets, nor is the debt that is securitized through these entities a legal liability to us. 
 We have determined that we are the primary beneficiaries of the VIEs as we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly affect their economic performance. We are also the servicer of these timeshare financing receivables and often replace or repurchase timeshare financing receivables that are in default at their outstanding principal amounts. Additionally, we have the obligation to absorb their losses and the right to receive benefits that could be significant to them. Only the assets of our VIEs are available to settle the obligations of the respective entities. 
 As part of the Diamond Acquisition, we acquired the variable interests in the entities associated with Diamond s outstanding timeshare financing receivables securitization transactions. They have been aggregated for disclosure purposes as they are similar in nature to our previously established VIEs. We acquired conduit facilities that had an outstanding balance of million as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, all conduit facilities were paid off and terminated. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Timeshare financing receivables, net Non-recourse debt (1) 

Note 11: 
 and ownership interests in BRE Ace LLC and 1776 Holdings LLC, respectively, which are VIEs. We do not consolidate BRE Ace LLC and 1776 Holdings LLC because we are not the primary beneficiary. For both VIEs, our investment interests are included in the consolidated balance sheets as Investments in unconsolidated affiliates, and equity earned is included in the consolidated statements of operations as Equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates . 
 Our unconsolidated affiliates have aggregated debt balances of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The debt is secured by their assets and is without recourse to us. Our maximum exposure to loss as a result of our investment interests in the unconsolidated affiliates is primarily limited to (i) the carrying amount of the investments which totals million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively and (ii) receivables for commission and other fees earned under fee-for-service arrangements. See Note 21: Related Party Transactions for additional information. 
 
 Note 12: 
 ) Management contracts ) Club member relationships ) Capitalized software ) Total ) 
 December 31, 2021 in millions) Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization 
 Net Carrying Amount Trade name ) Management contracts ) Club member relationships ) Capitalized software ) Total ) 
 We acquired definite-lived intangible assets as part of the Diamond Acquisition in the amount of million as of the Acquisition Date. Refer to Note 3: Diamond Acquisition for further information. Prior to the Diamond Acquisition, intangible assets included computer software and management contracts. Amortization expense on intangible assets was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average life on trade name was years, management agreements was years, club member relationships was years, and capitalized software was years. During the year ended December 31, 2022, million intangible impairment charges were recognized. intangible impairment charges were recognized during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Note 13: 
 Deferred selling, marketing, general and administrative expenses Prepaid expenses (1) 
 Cloud computing arrangements Interest receivable Deferred income tax assets Interest rate swap Other Total 
 (1) Net of million impairment recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 due to certain expenses deemed unrecoverable. 
 
 Note 14: 
 Accounts payable Bonus point incentive liability Due to Hilton Income taxes payable Sales and other taxes payable Accrued legal settlements Other accrued expenses (1) 
 Total 
 . 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Note 15: 
 , due 2028 
 Revolver with a rate of , due 2026 
 Senior notes with a rate of , due 2029 
 Senior notes with a rate of , due 2031 
 Other debt Total debt, gross Less: unamortized deferred financing costs and discounts (2)(3) 
 ) ) Total debt, net 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, weighted-average interest rates were and , respectively. 
 (2) Amount includes unamortized deferred financing costs related to our term loan and senior notes of million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. This amount also includes original issuance discounts of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (3) Amount does not include unamortized deferred financing costs of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to our revolving facility included in Other Assets in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repaid million under the senior secured credit facilities. As of December 31, 2022, we had million of letters of credit outstanding under the revolving credit facility and million outstanding backed by cash collateral. We were in compliance with all applicable maintenance and financial covenants and ratios as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we have million remaining borrowing capacity under the revolver facility. 
 We primarily use interest rate swaps as part of our interest rate risk management strategy for our variable-rate debt. These interest rate swaps are associated with the remaining available LIBOR based senior secured credit facility. 
 Therefore as of December 31, 2022, these interest rate swaps convert the LIBOR based variable rate on our Term Loan to average fixed rates of per annum with maturities between 2023 and 2028, for the balance on this borrowing up to the notional values of our interest rate swaps. As of December 31, 2022, the notional values of the interest rate swaps under our Term Loan was million. Our interest rate swaps have been designated and qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk and recorded at their estimated fair value as an asset in Other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the estimated fair value of our cash flow hedges was million and million, respectively. We characterize payments we make in connection with these derivative instruments as interest expense and a reclassification of accumulated other comprehensive income for presentation purposes. 
 Other comprehensive income before reclassifications, net Reclassification to net income ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Senior Notes due 2029 and 2031 
 The Senior Unsecured Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by certain of our subsidiaries. We are in compliance with all applicable financial covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 , due 2025 (3) 
 HGV Securitized Debt with a weighted average rate of , due 2028 
 HGV Securitized Debt with a weighted average rate of , due 2032 
 HGV Securitized Debt with a weighted average rate of , due 2033 
 HGV Securitized Debt with a weighted average rate of , due 2034 
 HGV Securitized Debt with a weighted average rate of , due 2037 
 HGV Securitized Debt with a weighted average rate of , due 2039 
 Diamond Resorts Premium Yield Facility with an average rate of , due 2031 
 Diamond Resorts Conduit Facility with an average rate of , due 2023 
 Diamond Resorts Conduit Facility with an average rate of , due 2024 
 Diamond Resorts Owner Trust 2017 with a weighted average rate of , due 2029 
 Diamond Resorts Owner Trust 2018 with a weighted average rate of , due 2031 
 Diamond Resorts Owner Trust 2019 with a weighted average rate of , due 2032 
 Diamond Resorts Owner Trust 2021 with a weighted average rate of , due 2033 
 Total face value Less: unamortized deferred financing costs (2) 
 ) ) Total non-recourse debt, net 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, weighted-average interest rates were and , respectively. 
 (2) Amount relates to securitized debt only and does not include unamortized deferred financing costs of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, relating to our Timeshare Facility included in Other Assets in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 (3) In connection with the amended and restated Timeshare Facility executed in May 2022, the revolving commitment period of the Timeshare Facility terminates in May 2024, however the repayment maturity date extends 12 months beyond the commitment termination date to May 2025. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repaid and terminated our conduit facilities due in 2023 and 2024. 
 The Timeshare Facility is a non-recourse obligation payable solely from the pool of timeshare financing receivables pledged as collateral and related assets. In May 2022, we amended and restated our Timeshare Facility agreement under new terms, which include increasing the borrowing capacity from million to million, allowing us to borrow up to the maximum amount until May 2024 and requiring all amounts borrowed to be repaid in 2025. Under the amendment, the Timeshare Facility is subject to an interest rate of plus one-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus a SOFR adjustment of . In connection with the amendment, we incurred million in debt issuance costs. 
 In August 2022, we completed a securitization of million of gross timeshare financing receivables and issued approximately million of notes, million of notes, million of notes, and million of notes due January 2037. The securitized debt is backed by pledged assets, consisting primarily of a pool of timeshare financing receivables secured by first mortgages or deeds of trust on timeshare interest. The securitized debt is a non-recourse obligation and is payable solely from the pool of timeshare financing receivables pledged as collateral to the debt. The proceeds were primarily used to pay down the Timeshare Facility and general corporate operating expenses. In connection with the securitization, we incurred million in debt issuance costs. 
 In April 2022, we completed a securitization of million of gross timeshare financing receivables and issued approximately million of notes, million of notes, million of notes, and million of notes due June 2034. The securitized debt is backed by pledged assets, consisting primarily of a pool of timeshare financing receivables secured by first mortgages or deeds of trust on timeshare interest and initially by a million cash deposit. As of December 31, 2022, the cash deposit has been withdrawn due to subsequent collateralization of additional timeshare financing receivables. The securitized debt is a non-recourse obligation and is payable solely from the pool of timeshare financing receivables pledged as collateral to the debt. The proceeds were primarily used to pay down the remaining borrowings on one of our conduit facilities and general corporate operating expenses. In connection with the securitization, we incurred million in debt issuance costs. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 million on the Timeshare facility, million on the Premium Yield Facility, million on the conduit facilities, and million on Securitized Debt. 
 We are required to deposit payments received from customers on the timeshare financing receivables securing the Timeshare Facility and Securitized Debt into depository accounts maintained by third parties. On a monthly basis, the depository accounts are utilized to make required principal, interest and other payments due under the respective loan agreements. The balances in the depository accounts were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were included in Restricted Cash in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Debt Maturities 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Note 16: 
 Liabilities: Debt, net (2) 
 Non-recourse debt, net (2) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Hierarchy Level in millions) Carrying 
 Amount 
 Level 1 Level 3 Assets: Timeshare financing receivables, net (1) 
 Liabilities: Debt, net (2) 
 Non-recourse debt, net (2) 
 
 (1) Carrying amount net of allowance for financing receivables losses. 
 (2) Carrying amount net of unamortized deferred financing costs and discounts 
 Our estimates of the fair values were determined using available market information and appropriate valuation methods. Considerable judgment is necessary to interpret market data and develop the estimated fair values. The table above excludes cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, advance deposits and accrued liabilities, all of which had fair values approximating their carrying amounts due to the short maturities and liquidity of these instruments. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 million as of December 31, 2021, excluding costs to sell. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have assets held for sale. 
 
 Note 17: 
 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 We recognize rent expense on leases with both contingent and non-contingent lease payment terms. Rent associated with non-contingent lease payments are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 Contingent rentals Total 
 million, million, and million for the years December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities: Operating leases 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted-average discount rate of operating leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Note 18: 
 
 ) Foreign income before tax Total income (loss) before taxes ) 
 ) State Foreign Total current Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred ) ) Total provision for income taxes ) 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 ) State and local income taxes, net of U.S. federal tax benefit ) Impact of foreign operations ) Interest on installment sales, net of U.S. federal tax benefit Transaction costs Share-based compensation, net of IRC 162(m) limitation 
 Other ) Provision for income taxes ) 
 Deferred income taxes represent the tax effect of the differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities plus carryforward items. 
 Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 Domestic tax loss and credit carryforwards Foreign tax loss carryforwards Other reserves Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment ) ) Amortizable intangible assets ) ) Deferred income ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have million federal, million foreign, and million state tax loss carryforwards with varying expiration dates. The federal losses will expire between 2023 and 2034, while the majority of the foreign tax losses can be carried forward indefinitely. The majority of state tax losses have expiration periods between and . We have foreign tax credit carryforwards of million and state tax credit carryforwards of million. The credit carryforwards will generally expire between five and . 
 We establish valuation allowances for financial reporting purposes to offset certain deferred tax assets due to uncertainty regarding our ability to realize them in the future. The valuation allowance increased from million as of December 31, 2021, to million as of December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of tax credits generated in the current year that we expect to expire unused. 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 Current period tax position increases Prior period tax position increases Decreases due to lapse in applicable statute of limitations ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 
 We recorded million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, excluding interest and penalties, as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other in the consolidated balance sheet. Had we recognized these tax benefits, million and million, along with related interest and penalties, it would have favorably impacted the annual effective tax rate. The total liability accrued for interest and penalties was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We do not anticipate any significant increases or decreases in our unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. 
 We file federal, state and foreign income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statute of limitations. We are currently under audit in several tax jurisdictions. The open tax years for major tax jurisdictions are 2006 through 2022. While there is no assurance as to the results, we believe we are adequately reserved for these audits. 
 Although the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 generally eliminates U.S. federal income tax on dividends from foreign subsidiaries, foreign withholding taxes may be incurred if these profits are distributed. No income or deferred taxes have been accrued on foreign earnings or other outside basis differences, as we intend to indefinitely reinvest these amounts in our foreign operations. An estimate of these amounts is not practicable due to the inherent complexity of the multi-jurisdictional tax environment in which the Company operates. 
 
 Note 19: 
 million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total tax benefit recognized related to this compensation was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In addition, we withheld common stock shares associated with net share settlements to cover tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of awards under our employee equity incentive program. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we withheld approximately , and shares at a total cost of million, million and million, respectively, through net share settlements. Shares withheld to cover tax withholding obligations are retired. 
 As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation cost for unvested awards was approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock available for future issuance under this plan. 
 RSUs 
 RSUs vest in annual installments over from the date of grant, subject to the individual s continued employment through the applicable vesting date. Vested RSUs generally will be settled for common stock. The grant date fair value is equal to closing stock price on the date of grant. 
 Weighted average grant date fair value per share Fair value of shares vested (in millions) 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, end of period 
 Options 
 Options vest over in annual installments from the date of grant, subject to the individual s continued employment through the applicable vesting date and will terminate years from the date of grant or earlier on the unvested portion of an individual whose service was terminated. The exercise price is equal to the closing price of the common stock on the date of grant. 
 Weighted average exercise price per share Weighted average grant date fair value per share 
 Dividend yield (2) 
 Risk-free rate (3) 
 Expected term (in years) (4) 
 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2020, due to limited trading history for our common stock, we did not have sufficient information available on which to base a reasonable and supportable estimate of the expected volatility of its share price. As a result, we used an average historical volatility of our peer group over a time period consistent with its expected term assumption. Our peer group was determined based upon companies in our industry with similar business models and is consistent with those used to benchmark our executive compensation. 
 (2) At the date of grant we had no plans to pay dividends during the expected term of these options. 
 (3) Based on the yields of U.S. Department of Treasury instruments with similar expected lives. 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited, canceled or expired ) Outstanding, end of period Exercisable, end of period 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had options outstanding that were exercisable with an aggregate intrinsic value of million and weighted average remaining contractual term of approximately years. The intrinsic value of all options exercised during the year was million. 
 Performance RSUs 
 In March 2022, we issued Performance RSUs with a grant date fair value of . The Performance RSUs are settled at the end of a performance period, with of the Performance RSUs subject to achievement 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 of the Performance RSUs are subject to the achievement of certain contract sales targets. 
 In March 2021, we issued Performance RSUs with a grant date fair value of . The Performance RSUs are settled at the end of a performance period, with of the Performance RSUs subject to achievement based on the Company s adjusted earnings before interest expense, taxes and depreciation and amortization further adjusted for net deferral and recognition of revenues and related direct expenses related to sales of VOIs of projects under construction. The remaining of the Performance RSUs issued are subject to the achievement of certain contract sales targets. 
 In August 2021, and in conjunction with the Diamond Acquisition, we issued Performance RSUs with a grant date fair value of . The Performance RSUs are settled at the end of the performance period which is from the Acquisition Date through December 31, 2023, with of the Performance RSUs subject to achievement based on certain run rate cost savings. The remaining of the Performance RSUs issued are subject to the achievement of the Company s adjusted earnings before interest expense, taxes and depreciation and amortization further adjusted for net deferral and recognition of revenues and related direct expenses related to sales of VOIs of projects under construction. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we issued Performance RSUs with a grant date fair value of . The Performance RSUs are settled at the end of a performance period, with of the Performance RSUs subject to achievement based on the Company s adjusted earnings before interest expense, taxes and depreciation and amortization further adjusted for net deferral and recognition of revenues and related direct expenses related to sales of VOIs of projects under construction. The remaining of the Performance RSUs are subject to the achievement of certain contract sales targets. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Compensation Committee approved the modification of the performance conditions for the Performance RSUs issued in 2020 and March 2021, to reflect the results of HGV's and Diamond's operations subsequent to the Acquisition Date. We estimated that the performance conditions for the 2020 Performance RSU awards remain improbable of achievement under the modified performance conditions. As such, the Company did not accrue expenses related to the Performance RSUs granted in 2020. In regards to the Performance RSUs granted in March 2021, we determined that under the modified performance conditions, the awards issued were probable of achievement. During 2021, we did not incur incremental compensation expense resulting from the modification which was applied to the Performance RSUs of 28 grantees. 
 For all other performance-based awards, compensation expense will be recorded through the end of the performance period if it is deemed probable that the performance goals will be met. If the performance goals are not met, no compensation cost will be recognized and any previously recognized compensation cost will be reversed. 
 
 Weighted average grant date fair value per share Fair value of shares vested (in millions) 
 Weighted average grant date fair value per share Fair value of shares vested (in millions) 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Performance RSU grants, which are based on achieving certain run rate cost savings initiatives, were granted with a weighted average grant date fair value per share of . There were no Performance RSU grants based on achieving certain run rate cost savings initiatives for the 2022 and 2020 fiscal years, respectively. 
 Granted Vested Forfeited, canceled or expired ) ) Outstanding, end of period 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In March 2017, the Board of Directors adopted the Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), which became effective during 2017. In connection with the Plan, we reserved million shares of common stock which may be purchased under the ESPP. Under the ESPP, eligible employees can purchase common stock twice per year at the end of a six-month payment period (a "Purchase Period"). The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of our common stock at a price per share not less than of the fair market value per share of common stock on the last day of the Purchase Period, up to a maximum threshold established by the plan administrator for the offering period. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we issued and shares, respectively, and recognized less than million of compensation expense in both periods related to this plan. 
 In November 2022, the Board of Directors amended the ESPP plan to allow eligible employees to purchase shares of our common stock at a price per share not less than of the fair market value per share of common stock on the first day of the Purchase Period or the last day of the Purchase Period, whichever is lower, up to a maximum threshold established by the plan administrator for the offering period. The amendment will become effective in 2023. 
 
 Note 20: 
 ) Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Basic EPS (1) 
 ) Diluted EPS: Numerator: Net income (loss) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Diluted EPS (1) 
 ) 
 (1) Earnings per share amounts are calculated using whole numbers. 
 The dilutive effect of outstanding share-based compensation awards is reflected in diluted earnings per common share by application of the treasury stock method using average market prices during the period. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 , and of share-based compensation awards, respectively, because their effect would have been anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. 
 Share Repurchases 
 On May 4, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to an aggregate of million of our outstanding shares of common stock over a two-year period through any combination of open market repurchases, accelerated share repurchases or privately negotiated transactions. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the stock price, corporate and regulatory requirements and other market and economic conditions. The shares are retired upon repurchase. The stock repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and will automatically expire at the end of the term. As of December 31, 2022, million remains available to be repurchased under the share repurchase program. 
 Repurchases As of December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 21: 
 ownership interest in BRE Ace LLC, a VIE, which owns a timeshare resort property and related operations, commonly known as Elara, by Hilton Grand Vacations. 
 We hold a ownership interest in 1776 Holdings, LLC, a VIE, which owns a timeshare resort property and related operations, known as Liberty Place Charleston, by Hilton Club. 
 We record Equity in earnings from our unconsolidated affiliates in our consolidated statements of operations. See Note 11: Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates for further information. Additionally, we earn commissions and other fees related to fee-for-service agreements with the investees to sell VOIs at Elara, by Hilton Grand Vacations and Liberty Place Charleston, by Hilton Club. 
 Commissions and other fees 
 We also had million and million of outstanding receivables related to the fee-for-service agreements included in Accounts receivable, net on our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Apollo Global Management Inc. 
 As part of the Diamond Acquisition as described above in Note 3: Diamond Acquisition , Apollo obtained more than of our common stock during 2021. Outside of agreements related to the Diamond Acquisition, we did not have any transactions with Apollo during the year ended December 31, 2021 and do not have any outstanding balances or agreements with Apollo as of December 31, 2021. During 2021, we made one payment to Apollo subsequent to the Diamond Acquisition, of approximately million, for amounts that were accrued for periods prior to the completion of the Diamond Acquisition and were included in Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other as of the Acquisition Date. We did not have outstanding balances or any transactions due to/from Apollo as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 segments: 
 Real estate sales and financing We market and sell VOIs that we own. We also source VOIs through fee-for-service agreements with third-party developers. Related to the sales of the VOIs that we own, we provide consumer financing, which includes interest income generated from the origination of consumer loans to customers to finance their purchase of VOIs and revenue from servicing the loans. We also generate fee revenue from servicing the loans provided by third-party developers to purchasers of their VOIs. 
 Resort operations and club management We manage the Clubs and earn activation fees, annual dues and transaction fees from member exchanges for other vacation products. We also earn fees for managing the timeshare properties. We generate rental revenue from unit rentals of unsold inventory and inventory made available due to ownership exchanges under our Clubs programs. We also earn revenue from food and beverage, retail and spa outlets at our timeshare properties. 
 The performance of our operating segments is evaluated primarily based on adjusted earnings before interest expense (excluding non-recourse debt), taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ). We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA, further adjusted to exclude certain items, including, but not limited to, gains, losses and expenses in connection with: (i) other gains, including asset dispositions and foreign currency transactions; (ii) debt restructurings/retirements; (iii) non-cash impairment losses; (iv) share-based and other compensation expenses; and (v) other items, including but not limited to costs associated with acquisitions, restructuring, amortization of premiums and discounts resulting from purchase accounting, and other non-cash and one-time charges. 
 We do not include equity in earnings (losses) from unconsolidated affiliates in our measures of segment operating performance. 
 Resort operations and club management (1) 
 Total segment revenues Cost reimbursements Intersegment eliminations (1) 
 ) ) ) Total revenues 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 Resort operations and club management (1) 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA Acquisition and integration-related expense ) ) General and administrative ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) License fee expense ) ) ) Other (loss) gain, net ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Equity in earnings from unconsolidated affiliates Impairment expense ) ) ) Other adjustment items (2) 
 ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) 
 (1) Includes intersegment transactions. Refer to our table presenting revenues by reportable segment above for additional discussion. 
 (2) This amount includes costs associated with restructuring, one-time charges and other non-cash items included within our reportable segments. 
 Resort operations and club management Total segment assets Corporate Land and infrastructure held for sale Total assets 
 Resort operations and club management Total segment capital expenditures Corporate Total capital expenditures 
 
 million of inventory and land over a period of years and million of other commitments in the normal course of business. We are also committed to an agreement to exchange parcels of land in Hawaii, subject to the successful completion of zoning, land use requirements and other applicable regulatory requirements. The actual amount and timing of the acquisitions are subject to change pursuant to the terms of the respective arrangements, which could also allow for cancellation in certain circumstances. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, of purchases required under our inventory-related purchase commitments. 
 Other commitments (2) 
 Total 
 (1) Includes commitments for properties in New York, South Carolina, and Japan. 
 (2) Primarily relates to commitments related to information technology and sponsorships. 
 Litigation Contingencies 
 We are involved in litigation arising from the normal course of business, some of which includes claims for substantial sums. We evaluate these legal proceedings and claims at each balance sheet date to determine the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and, when it is probable that a liability has been incurred, our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss. We record a contingent litigation liability when it is determined that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we accrued liabilities of approximately million for legal matters. Approximately million of these accrued liabilities relate to a judgment entered against Diamond in March 2022 in connection with a case filed in 2015 that was not deemed probable and estimable as of the Acquisition Date. This matter is subject to insurance coverage and, as a result, as of December 31, 2022, we recorded an insurance claim receivable of million within Accounts receivable, net in our consolidated balance sheet. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a charge of million to General and administrative in our consolidated statement of operations that represents the amount of the settlement liability not deemed probable of recovery from the insurance carriers. 
 While we currently believe that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material effect on the Company s financial condition, cash flows, or materially adversely affect overall trends in our results of operations, legal proceedings are inherently uncertain and unfavorable rulings could, individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Surety Bonds 
 We utilize surety bonds related to the sales of VOIs in order to meet regulatory requirements of certain states. The availability, terms and conditions and pricing of such bonding capacity are dependent on, among other things, continued financial strength and stability of the insurance company affiliates providing the bonding capacity, general availability of such capacity and our corporate credit rating. We have commitments from surety providers in the amount of million as of December 31, 2022, which primarily consist of escrow and subsidy related bonds. 
 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds, was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The following non-cash activities were excluded from the consolidated statements of cash flows: 
 In 2022, we recorded non-cash operating activity transfer of million related certain undeveloped land and infrastructure that was previously recorded within the classification of Land and infrastructure held for sale to Property and equipment, net . 
 In 2021, we recorded non-cash issuance of stock of million related to our acquisition of Diamond. See note 3: Diamond Acquisition for additional information. 
 In 2021, we recorded non-cash operating activity transfers of million related to related to the registrations for timeshare units under construction from Property and equipment to Inventory . 
 In 2020, we recorded non-cash operating activity transfers of million related to the classification of certain undeveloped land and infrastructure as available for sale from Inventory to Land and infrastructure held for sale and million related to the classification of certain undeveloped land and infrastructure from Inventory to Property and equipment 
 In 2020, we recorded non-cash operating activity transfers of million related to the registrations for timeshare units under construction from Property and equipment to Inventory. 
 116 

Table of Contents 

117 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 There were no changes in or disagreements with our accountants on accounting and financial disclosure matters. 
 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) or our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of the controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error and mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of controls and procedures to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls and procedures may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the controls and procedures may have deteriorated. 
 In accordance with Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting related to Dakota Holdings, Inc. Diamond ), which we acquired on August 2, 2021. Specifically, Diamond, which was privately owned prior to our acquisition and, accordingly, not a reporting company under the Exchange Act, did not adequately identify, design and implement the process-level controls for its significant processes that are necessary for compliance with the requirements for reporting companies pursuant to the Exchange Act and Diamond did not have appropriate information technology controls for its information technology systems or such controls did not operate for a sufficient period of time prior to the assessment date. These deficiencies neither pertained to, nor impacted, any of the processes, controls or procedures related to the historical business of the Company outside of Diamond. Additionally, there were no identified material misstatements to our current year financial statements, no restatements of prior period financial statements and no changes in previously released financial results required as the result of these control deficiencies. 
 Notwithstanding the identified material weakness, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly represent in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows at and for the periods presented in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles U.S. GAAP ). 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have set forth management's report on internal control over financial reporting and the attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Management's report on internal control over financial reporting is incorporated in this Item 9A by reference. 
 Remediation Efforts to Address Material Weakness 
 Management has enhanced, and will continue to enhance, the risk assessment process and design and implementation of internal controls over financial reporting at Diamond. This includes incorporating additional controls and processes, and enhancing and revising the design of existing financial reporting and information technology controls and procedures at Diamond. The material weakness will not be considered remediated until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Other than with respect to the remediation efforts described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10 of this Report will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), which information is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 
 1. All financial statements and the report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: ). See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on page 7 1 of this Form 10-K. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules. The financial statement schedule entitled Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts has been omitted since the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. Other schedules are omitted because they are not required. 
 3. Exhibits. See Exhibit Index. 
 
 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Distribution Agreement among Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., Park Hotels Resorts Inc. and Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on January 4, 2017). 
 2.2(a) Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 10, 2021, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Inc., Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC, Dakota Holdings, Inc., and certain stockholders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on March 11, 2021).# 
 2.2(b) Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 7, 2021, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Inc., Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC, Dakota Holdings, Inc., and AP VIII Dakota Holdings, L.P., in its capacity as Seller Representative (incorporated by reference to Annex A to Registrant s Additional Definitive Materials on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-37794) filed on July 7, 2021). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on March 17, 2017). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on March 17, 2017). 
 3.3 Certificate of Designation of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on April 16, 2020). 
 4.1 Description of the Registrant s Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on March 2, 2020). 
 4.2 Rights Agreement, dated as of April 16, 2020, between Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. and Equiniti Trust Company, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on April 16, 2020). 
 4.3 Indenture, dated June 4, 2021, among Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Escrow, LLC, Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Escrow, Inc., Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 0001-37794) filed on June 4, 2021). 
 4.4 Form of 5.000 Note due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.3). 4.5 Indenture, dated June 28, 2021, among Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Escrow, LLC, Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Escrow, Inc., Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 0001-37794) filed on June 28, 2021). 
 4.6 Form of 4.875 Note due 2031 (included in Exhibit 4.5). 10.1 Tax Matters Agreement by and among Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., Park Hotels Resorts Inc., Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. and Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on January 4, 2017). 
 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 10.2(a) Amended and Restated License Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2021, by and between Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. and Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on March 11, 2021). 
 10.2(b) First Amendment to Amended and Restated License Agreement, dated as of April 4, 2022, by and between Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., as the licensor, and Hilton Grand Vacations, as the licensee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 0 .1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on April 7, 2022) 
 10.3(a) Receivables Loan Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2013, among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as paying agent and securities intermediary, the persons from time to time party thereto as conduit lenders, the financial institutions from time to time party thereto as committed lenders, the financial institutions from time to time party thereto as managing agents, and Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., as administrative agent and structuring agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-191110) filed on September 11, 2014). 
 10.3(b) Amendment No. 1 to Receivables Loan Agreement, effective as of July 25, 2013, among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as paying agent and securities intermediary, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as a committed lender and a managing agent, Montage Funding, LLC, as a conduit lender, Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., as administrative agent, and Bank of America, N.A., as assignee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 2 to Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-191110) filed on November 8, 2013). 
 10.3(c) Omnibus Amendment No. 2 to Receivables Loan Agreement, Amendment No. 1 to Sale and Contribution Agreement and Consent to Custody Agreement, effective as of October 25, 2013, among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, Grand Vacations Services LLC, as servicer, Hilton Resorts Corporation, as seller, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as custodian, the financial institutions signatory thereto, as managing agents, and Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Amendment No. 2 to Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-191110) filed on November 8, 2013). 
 10.3(d) Amendment No. 3 to Receivables Loan Agreement, effective as of December 5, 2014, among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as paying agent and securities intermediary, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as a committed lender and a managing agent, Bank of America, N.A., as a committed lender and a managing agent, and Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36243) filed on December 8, 2014). 
 10.3(e) Omnibus Amendment No. 4 to Receivables Loan Agreement and Amendment No. 2 to Sale and Contribution Agreement, effective as of August 18, 2016, among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, Hilton Resorts Corporation, as seller, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as paying agent and securities intermediary, the financial institutions signatory thereto, as managing agents, the financial institutions signatory thereto as committed lenders and Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10-12B/A (File No. 001-37794) filed on September 16, 2016). 
 10.3(f) Amendment No. 5 to Receivables Loan Agreement, effective as of October 4, 2016, among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as paying agent and securities intermediary, Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, as a committed lender and a managing agent, Bank of America, N.A., as a committed lender and a managing agent, and Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10-12B/A (File No. 001-37794) filed on October 25, 2016). 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 10.3(g) Amendment No. 6 to Receivables Loan Agreement and Assignment and Acceptance, effective as of December 14, 2016, among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as paying agent and securities intermediary, the financial institutions signatory thereto, as managing agents, the financial institutions signatory thereto as committed lenders and Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Registrant s amended Annual Report on Form 10-K/A (File No. 001-37794) filed on March 13, 2018). 
 10.3(h) Amendment No. 7 to Receivables Loan Agreement, effective as of April 19, 2017, among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as paying agent and securities intermediary, the financial institutions signatory thereto, as managing agents, the financial institutions signatory thereto as committed lenders and Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Registrant s amended Annual Report on Form 10-K/A (File No. 001-37794) filed on March 13, 2018). 
 10.3(i) Omnibus Amendment No. 8 to Receivables Loan Agreement and Amendment No. 3 to Sale and Contribution Agreement, effective as of March 9, 2018, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, Hilton Resorts Corporation, as seller, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as paying agent and securities intermediary, the financial institutions signatory hereto as managing agents, the financial institutions signatory hereto as managing agents, the financial institutions signatory hereto as conduit lenders, the financial institution signatory hereto as committed lenders, and Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on March 13, 2018). 
 10.3(j) Omnibus Amendment No. 9 to Receivables Loan Agreement, Amendment No. 4 to Sale And Contribution Agreement effective as of May 14, 2018 by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, Hilton Resorts Corporation, as seller, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as paying agent and securities intermediary, the financial institutions signatory thereto as managing agents, the financial institutions signatory thereto as conduit lenders, the financial institutions signatory thereto as committed lenders, and Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37794) filed on August 2, 2018). 
 10.3(k) Amendment No. 10 to Receivables Loan Agreement effective as of February 14, 2019 by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, the financial institutions signatory thereto as managing agents, the financial institutions signatory thereto as conduit lenders, the financial institutions signatory thereto as committed lenders and Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9(k) to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on February 28, 2019). 
 10.3(l) Omnibus Amendment No. 11 to Receivables Loan Agreement and Amendment No. 5 to Sale and Contribution Agreement, effective as of April 25, 2019, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, Hilton Resorts Corporation, as seller, the financial institutions signatory thereto as managing agents, the financial institutions signatory thereto as conduit lenders, the financial institutions signatory thereto as committed lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and managing agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National association as securities intermediary and paying agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on April 25, 2019). 
 10.3(m) Omnibus Amendment No. 12 to Receivables Loan Agreement, effective as of September 19, 2019, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, Hilton Resorts Corporation, as seller, the financial institutions signatory thereto as managing agents, the financial institutions signatory thereto as conduit lenders, the financial institutions signatory thereto as committed lenders, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as securities intermediary and paying agent. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37794) filed on October 31, 2019). 
 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 10.3(n) Omnibus Amendment No. 13 to Receivables Loan Agreement, effective as of January 17, 2020, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, Hilton Resorts Corporation, the financial institutions signatory thereto as managing agents, the financial institutions signatory thereto as conduit lenders, the financial institutions signatory thereto as committed lenders, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as securities intermediary and paying agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37794) filed on April 30, 2020). 
 10.3(o) Omnibus Amendment No. 14 to Receivables Loan Agreement and Amendment No. 6 to Sale and Contribution Agreement, effective as of April 22, 2020, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, the financial institutions signatory thereto as managing agents, the financial institutions signatory thereto as conduit lenders, the financial institutions signatory thereto as committed lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as paying agent and securities intermediary (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on April 28, 2020). 
 10.3(p) Omnibus Amendment No. 15 to Receivables Loan Agreement and Amendment No. 7 to Sale and Contribution Agreement, effective as of May 8, 2020, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, the financial institutions signatory thereto as managing agents, the financial institutions signatory thereto as conduit lenders, the financial institutions signatory thereto as committed lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as paying agent and securities intermediary (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on May 12, 2020). 
 10.3(q) Omnibus Amendment No. 16 to Receivables Loan Agreement, Amendment No. 8 to the Sale and Contribution Agreement, and Amendment No. 1 to the Servicing Agreement, effective as of August 14, 2020, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, Hilton Resorts Corporation, as seller, Grand Vacations Services LLC, as servicer, the financial institutions signatory thereto as managing agents, the financial institutions signatory thereto as conduit lenders, the financial institutions signatory thereto as committed lenders, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as paying agent, securities intermediary and backup servicer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on August 17, 2020. 
 10.3(r) Amendment No. 17 to Receivables Loan Agreement, effective as of December 18, 2020, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, the financial institutions signatory thereto as managing agents, the financial institutions signatory thereto as conduit lenders, the financial institutions signatory thereto as committed lenders and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37794) filed on April 29, 2021. 
 10.3(s) Amendment No. 18 to Receivables Loan Agreement, effective as of March 22, 2021, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, the financial institutions signatory thereto as managing agents, the financial institutions signatory thereto as conduit lenders, the financial institutions signatory thereto as committed lenders and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37794) filed on April 29, 2021. 
 10.3(t) Omnibus Amendment No. 19 to Receivables Loan Agreement, Amendment No. 9 to Sale and Contribution Agreement and Amendment No. 1 to Custody Agreement, effective as of October 27, 2021, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, Grand Vacations Services LLC, as servicer, Hilton Resorts Corporation, as Seller, the financial institutions signatory thereto as managing agents, the financial institutions signatory thereto as conduit lenders, the financial institutions signatory thereto as committed lenders and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(t) to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on March 1, 2022) . 
 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 10.3(u) Amendment No. 20 to Receivables Loan Agreement, effective as of December 16, 2021, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, the financial institutions signatory thereto as managing agents, the financial institutions signatory thereto as conduit lenders, the financial institutions signatory thereto as committed lenders and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4(u) to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on March 1, 2022 . 
 10.3(v) Amended and Restated Receivables Loan Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2022, among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as paying agent and securities intermediary, the persons from time to time party thereto as conduit lenders, the financial institutions from time to time party thereto as committed lenders, the financial institutions from time to time party thereto as managing agents, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and structuring agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794 filed on May 4, 2022). 
 10.4(a) Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on January 4, 2017). 
 10.4(b) 2017 Declaration of Amendment to Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A (File No. 001-37794) filed on March 24, 2017). 
 10.5 Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on January 4, 2017). 
 10.6(a) Severance Agreement, dated April 17, 2017, between Mark D. Wang and Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on April 17, 2017). 
 10.6(b) Severance Agreement, dated April 17, 2017, between Charles R. Corbin and Hilton Grand Vacations, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37794) filed on August 3, 2017). 
 10.6(c) Severance Agreement, dated effective as of November 28, 2018, between Daniel J. Mathewes and Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15(h) to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on February 28, 2019). 
 10.6(d) Severance Agreement, dated effective as of December 3, 201 8 , between Gordon S. Gurnik and Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15(i) to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on February 28, 2019). 
 10.6(e) Severance Agreement, effective as of October 7, 2020, by and between Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. and Jorge Pablo Brizi. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10j to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on March 1, 2021). 
 10.7 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. and each of its directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10-12B/A (File No. 001-37794) filed on November 14, 2016). 
 10.8 Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan , a mended and restated as of November 1, 2022 . 
 10.9(a) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on March 15, 2017). 
 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 10.9(b) Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Mr. Mark Wang under Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s amended Current Report on Form 8-K/A (File No. 001-37794) filed on May 16, 2018). 
 10.10(a) Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on March 15, 2017). 
 10.10(b) Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Converted Award 2014 Grant) under Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14(b) to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37794) filed on May 4, 2017). 
 10.10(c) Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Converted Award 2015 Grant) under Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14(c) to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37794) filed on May 4, 2017). 
 10.10(d) Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Converted Award 2016 Grant) under Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14(d) to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37794) filed on May 4, 2017). 
 10.10(e) Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement for Mr. Mark Wang under Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s amended Current Report on Form 8-K/A (File No. 001-37794) filed on May 16, 2018). 
 10.11(a) Form of Performance and Service Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (for use for all named executive officers other than Mr. Mark Wang) under Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed March 8, 2018). 
 10.11(b) Form of Amended and Restated Performance and Service Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (for use for all named executive officers other than Mr. Mark Wang) under Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on August 9, 2018). 
 10.11(c) Form of Performance and Service Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Mr. Mark Wang under Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s amended Current Report on Form 8-K/A (File No. 001-37794) filed on May 16, 2018). 
 10.11(d) Form of Amended and Restated Performance and Service Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Mr. Mark Wang under Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on August 9, 2018). 
 10.11(e) Form of Second Amended and Restated Performance and Service Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (for use for all named executive officers other than Mr. Mark Wang) (2019 awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37794) filed on April 30, 2020). 
 10.11(f) Form of Second Amended and Restated Performance and Service Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Mr. Mark Wang under the Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (2019 awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37794) filed on April 30, 2020). 
 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 10.11(g) Form of Second Amended and Restated Performance and Service Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Mr. Mark Wang under the Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (2020 awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37794) filed on April 30, 2020). 
 10.11(h) Form of Performance and Service-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (for Mr. Wang)(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on March 24, 2021). + 
 10.11(i) 
 Form of Transaction Incentive Performance RSU Agreement (CEO) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K File No. 0001-37794) filed on August 3, 2021). 
 10.11(j) 
 Form of Transaction Incentive Performance RSU Agreement (Non-CEO) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K File No. 0001-37794) filed on August 3, 2021). 
 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37794) filed on May 4, 2017). 
 10.13 Purchase Agreement, dated May 20, 2021, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Escrow, LLC, Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Escrow, Inc., and Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC, in its capacity as guarantor of the HGV Escrow Guarantee and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., on its own behalf and as representative of the Initial Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38894) filed on July 29, 2021). 
 10.14 Purchase Agreement, dated June 14, 2021, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Escrow, LLC, Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Escrow, Inc., Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC, in its capacity as guarantor of the HGV Escrow Guarantee and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., on its own behalf and as representative of the Initial Purchasers.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38894) filed on July 29, 2021). 
 10.15 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2021, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Inc., AP VIII Dakota Holdings, L.P., AP Dakota Co-Invest, L.P., and, for the purposes of Sections 7.2 and 7.3 thereof, Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 0001-37794) filed on August 3, 2021). 
 10.16 Joinder Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2021, of AP VIII Dakota Holdings Borrower, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 0001-37794) filed on August 3, 2021). 
 10.17(a) Credit Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2021, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Parent LLC, as parent, Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC, as the borrower, the guarantors from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 0001-37794) filed on August 3, 2021). 
 10.17(b) Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2021, by and among Hilton Grand Vacations Parent LLC, as parent, Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC, as the borrower, the guarantors from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 0001-37794) filed on December 20, 2021). 
 10.18 Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37794) filed on November 8, 2021). 
 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 22 List of Issuer Subsidiaries of Guaranteed Securities and Guarantor Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 22 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37794) filed on November 9, 2021). 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.NS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 The cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, has been formatted in Inline XBRL. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished not filed. 
 These interactive data files shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability under those sections. 
 Denotes management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 # Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, certain schedules have been omitted. HGV agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon request. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 1 st day of March 2023. 
 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. By: /s/ Mark D. Wang Name: Mark D. Wang Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on this 1 st day of March 2023. 
 Signature Title /s/ Mark D. Wang President and Chief Executive Officer Mark D. Wang (principal executive officer) /s/ Daniel J. Mathewes Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Daniel J. Mathewes (principal financial officer) /s/ Carlos Hernandez Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Carlos Hernandez (principal accounting officer) /s/ Leonard A. Potter Chairman of the Board of Directors Leonard A. Potter /s/ Brenda J. Bacon Director Brenda J. Bacon /s/ David W. Johnson Director David W. Johnson /s/ Mark H. Lazarus Director Mark H. Lazarus /s/ Pamela H. Patsley Director Pamela H. Patsley /s/ David Sambur Director David Sambur /s/ Alex van Hoek Director Alex van Hoek /s/ Paul W. Whetsell Director Paul W. Whetsell 
 129 

<EX-10.8>
 2
 exhibit108hgvemployeestock.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 
 Exhibit 10.13 

 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC. EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN 
 (AMENDED AND RESTATED AS OF NOVEMBER 1, 2022) 
 
 1. Purpose 
 The purpose of the Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as it may be amended and or restated (the Plan ), is to give Eligible Employees of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and its Designated Companies an opportunity to acquire shares of the common stock of the Company (the Common Stock and to promote its best interests and enhance its long-term performance. This purpose will be carried through the granting of options to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock through voluntary Contributions made by Participants. The Company intends for Offerings under the Plan to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under Code Section 423 (each, a Section 423 Offering and the provisions of the Plan shall be construed so as to comply with the requirements of Code Section 423 with respect to Section 423 Offerings. Any provisions required to be included in the Plan under Code Section 423 are hereby included as fully as though set forth in the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may also authorize the grant of Options under the Plan under Offerings that are not intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 423, which may, but are not required to, be made pursuant to any rules, procedures, or sub-plans (collectively, Sub-Plans adopted by the Committee for such purpose (each, a Non-Section 423 Offering ). 
 2. Certain Definitions 
 In addition to terms defined elsewhere in the Plan, the following words and phrases shall have the meanings given below unless the Committee determines otherwise 
 (a) Affiliate means any entity, other than a Subsidiary, that directly or through one or more intermediaries is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company, as determined by the Committee. 
 (b) Applicable Law means any applicable laws, rules and regulations (or similar guidance), including but not limited to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Code and the listing or other rules of any applicable stock exchange, and the applicable laws of any foreign country or jurisdiction where Options are, or will be, granted under the Plan. References to any applicable laws, rules and regulations, including references to any sections or other provisions of applicable laws, rules and regulations, shall also refer to any successor or amended provisions thereto unless the Committee determines otherwise. Further, references to any section of a law shall be deemed to include any regulations or other interpretive guidance under such section, unless the Committee determines otherwise. 
 (c) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (d) Change in Control shall have the meaning given such term in the Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan or any successor plan thereto, in each case as amended and or restated. 
 (e) Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 (f) Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board, which has authority to administer the Plan pursuant to Section 4 herein. 
 1 
 LEGAL02 42112823v2 

(g) Common Stock means shares of the common stock of the Company, par value 0.01 per share, and any successor securities thereto. 
 (h) Company means Hilton Grand Vacations Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any successor thereto. 
 (i) Compensation has the meaning given to such term in Section 6(e). 
 (j) Contributions means the amount of Compensation contributed by a Participant through payroll deductions provided, however, that Contributions may also include other payments that the Committee may permit a Participant to make to fund the exercise of Options to purchase shares of Common Stock under the Plan to the extent payroll deductions are not permitted by Applicable Law, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 (k) Designated Company means any Subsidiary or Affiliate, whether now existing or existing in the future, that has been designated by the Committee from time to time in its sole discretion as eligible to participate in the Plan. The Committee may designate Subsidiaries or Affiliates as Designated Companies in a Non-Section 423 Offering. For purposes of a Section 423 Offering, only the Company and its Subsidiaries may be Designated Companies provided, however, that at any given time, a Subsidiary that is a Designated Company under a Section 423 Offering will not be a Designated Company under a Non-Section 423 Offering. 
 (l) Effective Date means the effective date of the Plan as provided in Section 3 herein. 
 (m) Eligible Employee means any Employee of the Company or a Designated Company other than (i) any Employee whose customary employment is for 20 hours or less per week or (ii) any Employee whose customary employment is for not more than five months in any calendar year provided, however, that the Committee may determine prior to any Purchase Period Commencement Date that Employees outside the United States who are participating in a separate Offering or in separate Offerings shall be Eligible Employees even if they do not meet the requirements of (i) and (ii) above if and to the extent required by Applicable Law. 
 (n) Employee means an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate. For the purposes herein, the existence of an employment relationship will be determined in accordance with Regulation Section 1.421-1(h). 
 (o) Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 (p) Exercise Date means the date of exercise of an Option granted under the Plan. The Exercise Date shall be the Purchase Period Termination Date with respect to each Purchase Period. 
 (q) Fair Market Value means, unless the Committee determines otherwise, on a given date (the valuation date (i) if the Common Stock is listed on a national securities exchange, the closing sales price of the Common Stock reported on the primary exchange on which the Common Stock is listed and traded on such date, or, if there are no such sales on that date, then on the last preceding date on which such sales were reported (ii) if the Common Stock is not listed on any national securities exchange but is quoted in an inter-dealer quotation system on a last sale basis, the average between the closing bid price and ask price reported on such date, or, if there is no such sale on that date, then on the last preceding date on which a sale was reported or (iii) if the Common Stock is not listed on a national securities exchange or quoted in an inter-dealer quotation system on a last sale basis, then Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Committee in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 20.2031-2 of the Federal Estate Tax Regulations, or in any other manner consistent with the Code. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, no determination made with respect to the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to an Option shall be inconsistent with Code Section 423. 
 2 
 
 LEGAL02 42112823v2 

(r) Grant Date means the date of grant of an Option pursuant to the Plan. The Grant Date shall be the Purchase Period Commencement Date with respect to each Purchase Period. 
 (s) Offering means a Section 423 Offering or a Non-Section 423 Offering of an Option to purchase shares of Common Stock under the Plan during a Purchase Period. Unless otherwise specified by the Committee, each Offering to the Eligible Employees of the Company or a Designated Company shall be deemed a separate Offering, even if the dates and other terms of the applicable Purchase Periods of each such Offering are identical, and the provisions of the Plan will separately apply to each such Offering. With respect to Section 423 Offerings, the terms of each Offering need not be identical provided that the terms of the Plan and an Offering together satisfy Code Section 423 of the Code and the United States Treasury Regulations thereunder a Non-Section 423 Offering need not satisfy such regulations. 
 (t) Option means an option granted hereunder which entitles a Participant to purchase shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Plan. 
 (u) Option Price means the price per share of Common Stock subject to an Option, as determined in accordance with Section 7(b). 
 (v) Parent means any present or future corporation which would be a parent corporation as that term is defined in Code Section 424. 
 (w) Participant means an Eligible Employee who is a participant in the Plan. 
 (x) Plan means the Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as it may be amended and or restated. 
 (y) Purchase Period means each six-month period during which an offering to purchase Common Stock is made to Eligible Employees pursuant to the Plan. There shall be two Purchase Periods in each calendar year, with the first Purchase Period in a year generally commencing on January 1 and ending on June 30, and the second Purchase Period in a calendar year generally commencing on July 1 and ending on December 31 of that year. Notwithstanding the foregoing (i) the first Purchase Period after the Effective Date of the Plan shall begin on or as close in time as practicable following July 1, 2017 as determined by the Committee or its designees in its or their discretion. Further, the Committee shall have the power to change the duration of Purchase Periods (including the Purchase Period Commencement Date and the Purchase Period Termination Date for any Purchase Period) with respect to any offering, provided such change is announced a reasonable period of time prior to the effective date of such change, and, provided further, that in no event shall a Purchase Period be greater than 27 months. 
 (z) Purchase Period Commencement Date means the first day of each Purchase Period. There shall be two Purchase Period Commencement Dates in each calendar year, which generally shall be (i) January 1 of each calendar year and (ii) July 1 of each calendar year. 
 (aa) Purchase Period Termination Date means the last day of each Purchase Period. There shall be two Purchase Period Termination Dates in each calendar year, which generally shall be (i) June 30 of each year and (ii) December 31 of each year. 
 (ab) Related Corporation means a Parent or Subsidiary as defined under Code Section 424. 
 (ac) Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 3 
 
 LEGAL02 42112823v2 

(ad) Subsidiary means any present or future corporation which is or would be a subsidiary corporation of the Company as that term is defined in Code Section 424. 
 (ae) Tax-Related Items means any income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefit tax, payment on account or other tax-related items arising in relation to a Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 3. Effective Date Term 
 The Effective Date of the Plan shall be May 10, 2017. The Plan was most recently amended and restated on November 1, 2022. The term of the Plan shall continue until terminated by the Board pursuant to Section 14 herein. 
 4. Administration 
 (a) The Plan shall be administered by the Committee, unless the Board elects to assume administration of the Plan in whole or in part. References to the Committee include the Board if it is acting in an administrative capacity with respect to the Plan. Committee members shall be intended to qualify as independent directors (or terms of similar meaning) if and to the extent required under Applicable Law. However, the fact that a Committee member shall fail to qualify as an independent director shall not invalidate any Option or other action taken by the Committee under the Plan. 
 (b) In addition to action by meeting in accordance with Applicable Law, any action of the Committee may be taken by a written instrument signed by all of the members of the Committee and any action so taken by written consent shall be as fully effective as if it had been taken by a majority of the members at a meeting duly held and called. Subject to the provisions of the Plan and Applicable Law, the Committee shall have full and final authority, in its discretion, to take any action with respect to the Plan, including, without limitation, the following (i) to establish, amend and rescind rules and regulations for the administration of the Plan (ii) to prescribe the form(s) of any agreements or other instruments used in connection with the Plan (iii) to determine the terms and provisions of the Options granted hereunder (iv) determine eligibility and adjudicate all disputed claims filed under the Plan, including whether Eligible Employees shall participate in a Section 423 Offering or a Non-Section 423 Offering and which Subsidiaries and Affiliates shall be Designated Companies participating in either a Section 423 Offering or a Non-Section 423 Offering and (v) to construe and interpret the Plan, the Options, the rules and regulations, and the agreements or other written instruments, and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan, including, without limitation, the adoption of such Sub-Plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit the participation in the Plan by Eligible Employees who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States, as further set forth in Section 4(c) below. The determinations of the Committee on all matters regarding the Plan shall be conclusive. Except to the extent prohibited by the Plan or Applicable Law, and subject to such terms and conditions as may be established by the Committee, the Committee may appoint one or more agents to assist in the administration of the Plan and may delegate any part of its responsibilities and powers to any such person or persons appointed by it. No member of the Board or Committee, as applicable, shall be liable while acting as administrator for any action or determination made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any Option granted thereunder. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Plan, the Committee may adopt such Sub-Plans relating to the operation and administration of the Plan to accommodate the specific requirements of local laws and procedures for jurisdictions outside of the United States, the terms of which Sub-Plans may take precedence over other provisions of this Plan, with the exception of Section 5 hereof, but unless otherwise superseded by the terms of such Sub-Plan, the provisions of this Plan shall govern the operation of such Sub-Plan. To the extent inconsistent with the requirements of Code Section 423, any such Sub-Plan shall be considered part of a Non-Section 423 Offering, and Options granted thereunder shall not be required by the terms of the Plan to comply with Code Section 423. Without limiting the generality of the 
 4 
 
 LEGAL02 42112823v2 

foregoing, the Committee is authorized to adopt Sub-Plans for particular non-U.S. jurisdictions that modify the terms of the Plan to meet applicable local requirements regarding, without limitation, (i) eligibility to participate, (ii) the definition of Compensation, (iii) the dates and duration of Purchase Periods or other periods during which Participants may make Contributions towards the purchase of shares of Common Stock, (iv) the method of determining the Option Price and the discount from Fair Market Value at which shares of Common Stock may be purchased, (v) any minimum or maximum amount of Contributions a Participant may make during a Purchase Period or other specified period under the applicable Sub-Plan, (vi) the treatment of Options upon a Change in Control or a change in capitalization of the Company, (vii) the handling of payroll deductions, (viii) establishment of bank, building society or trust accounts to hold Contributions, (ix) payment of interest, (x) conversion of local currency, (xi) obligations to pay payroll tax, (xii) determination of beneficiary designation requirements, (xiii) withholding procedures and (xiv) handling of share issuances. 
 5. Shares Subject to Plan Limitations on Purchases and Options 
 (a) Shares Subject to Plan . The aggregate number of shares of Common Stock available for the issuance of shares pursuant to the Plan is 2,500,000 shares, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11 herein. Shares of Common Stock distributed pursuant to the Plan shall be authorized but unissued shares, treasury shares or shares purchased on the open market or by private purchase. The Company hereby reserves sufficient authorized shares of Common Stock to provide for the exercise of Options granted hereunder. In the event that any Option granted under the Plan expires unexercised or is terminated, surrendered or canceled without being exercised, in whole or in part, for any reason, the number of shares of Common Stock subject to such Option shall again be available for issuance under the Plan and shall not reduce the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock available for the grant of Options or issuance under the Plan as set forth herein. 
 (b) Limitations on Purchases and Options . If, on a given Purchase Period Termination Date, the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which Options are to be exercised exceeds the number of shares then available under the Plan, the Company shall make a pro rata allocation of the shares remaining available for purchase in as uniform a manner as shall be practicable and as it shall determine to be equitable, and in no event shall the number of shares offered for purchase during any Purchase Period exceed the number of shares then available under the Plan. In addition, the maximum number of shares that may be purchased during any single Purchase Period shall not exceed 500,000 shares (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 11 herein), and, if the number of shares subject to Options that would otherwise be granted during a Purchase Period based on accumulated Contributions under Section 7(a) exceeds 500,000 shares, then the Company shall make a pro rata allocation of the number of shares subject to each Participant s Option for that Purchase Period in as uniform a manner as practicable and as the Company shall determine to be equitable, so as not to exceed the 500,000 share limitation for any Purchase Period. In the event that any pro rata allocation is made pursuant to this Section 5(b), any Contributions of a Participant not applied to the purchase of shares during such Purchase Period shall be returned to such Participant (without interest, unless otherwise required by Applicable Law). In addition, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be purchased by any Participant during any Purchase Period shall equal 12,500 divided by the Fair Market Value per share of the Common Stock on the Purchase Period Commencement Date (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 11 herein). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee has authority, by resolution or otherwise, to modify the foregoing limitation on the number of shares of Common Stock that may be purchased by a Participant in any particular Purchase Period. 
 6. Eligibility and Participation Payroll Deductions 
 (a) General . Options may only be granted to Eligible Employees of the Company or a Designated Company. 
 5 
 
 LEGAL02 42112823v2 

(b) Initial Eligibility . Any Eligible Employee who shall be employed by the Company or a Designated Company on the date his participation in the Plan is to become effective shall be eligible to be a Participant during any Purchase Periods which commence on or after his employment commences. 
 (c) Leave of Absence . For purposes of participation in the Plan, a person on leave of absence shall be deemed to be an Employee for the first 90 days of such leave of absence and such Employee s employment shall be deemed to have terminated at the close of business on the 90th day of such leave of absence unless such Employee shall have returned to regular full-time or part-time employment (as the case may be) prior to the close of business on such 90th day or unless such Employee has a right to reemployment that is guaranteed either by statute or contract. Termination by the Company of any Employee s leave of absence, other than termination of such leave of absence on return to full-time or part-time employment, shall terminate an Employee s employment for all purposes of the Plan and shall terminate such Employee s participation in the Plan and right to exercise any Option, unless such Employee has a right to reemployment that is guaranteed either by statute or contract. 
 (d) Commencement of Participation . An Eligible Employee shall become a Participant by completing an authorization for Contributions on the form provided by the Company (and such other documents as may be required by the Committee) and delivering such forms and documents to the Company or an agent designated by the Company on or before the date set therefor by the Committee, which date shall be prior to the Purchase Period Commencement Date for the applicable Purchase Period. Contributions for a Participant during a Purchase Period shall commence on the applicable Purchase Period Commencement Date when his authorization for a Contribution becomes effective and shall continue for successive Purchase Periods during which the Participant is eligible to participate in the Plan, unless authorizations are withdrawn or participation is terminated, as provided in Section 9. 
 (e) Amount of Contributions Determination of Compensation . At the time a Participant files his authorization for Contributions, he shall elect to have deductions or other Contributions made from his pay on each payday that he is a Participant during a Purchase Period at a rate of not less than 1 nor more than 15 (in whole percentages only) of his Compensation. A Participant s Compensation during any Purchase Period means his cash earnings, including base salary, wages, bonuses, commissions and other forms of incentive compensation (but excluding gifts, prizes, awards, relocation payments or similar elements of compensation), determined as of the date of the Contribution or such other date or dates as may be determined by the Committee. Such Compensation rates shall be determined by the Committee in a nondiscriminatory manner consistent with the provision of Code Section 423. 
 (f) Participant s Account No Interest . All Contributions made by a Participant shall be credited to his account under the Plan. A Participant may not make any separate cash payment into such account except when on leave of absence and then only as provided in Section 6(h) herein or unless otherwise required by Applicable Law. In no event shall interest accrue on any Contributions made by a Participant, unless otherwise required by Applicable Law. 
 (g) Changes in Payroll Deductions . A Participant may withdraw, terminate or discontinue his participation in the Plan as provided in Section 9, but no other change can be made during a Purchase Period and, specifically, a Participant may not alter the amount of his Contributions for that Purchase Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent necessary to comply with the limitation of Code Section 423(b)(8), or Section 5, Section 13(a) and or Section 13(b) of the Plan, a Participant s Contribution election may be decreased to 0 at any time during a Purchase Period. In such event, Contributions shall resume at the rate previously elected by the Participant beginning as of the next Purchase Period, unless otherwise provided under the terms of the Plan. 
 (h) Participation During Leave of Absence . If a Participant goes on a leave of absence, such Participant shall have the right to elect to (i) withdraw the balance in his account 
 6 
 
 LEGAL02 42112823v2 

pursuant to Section 9 (ii) discontinue Contributions to the Plan but remain a Participant in the Plan or (iii) remain a Participant in the Plan during such leave of absence, authorizing Contributions to be made from payments by the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate to the Participant during such leave of absence and undertaking to make cash payments to the Plan at the end of each payroll period to the extent that amounts payable by the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate to such Participant are insufficient to meet such Participant s authorized Contributions. 
 (i) Special Eligibility Rules for Foreign Participants . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2(m) herein, Eligible Employees who are citizens or residents of a foreign jurisdiction (without regard to whether they are also citizens of the United States or resident aliens) may be excluded from the Plan or an Offering if (i) the grant of an Option under the Plan or Offering to a citizen or resident of the foreign jurisdiction is prohibited under Applicable Law or (ii) compliance with the Applicable Law would cause the Plan or Offering to violate the requirements of Code Section 423. In the case of a Non-Section 423 Offering, an Eligible Employee (or group of Eligible Employees) may be excluded from participation in the Plan or an Offering if the Committee has determined, in its sole discretion, that participation of such Eligible Employee(s) is not advisable or practicable for any reason. Further, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2(m), an Employee who does not otherwise qualify as an Eligible Employee may, in the Committee s discretion, participate in a Non-Section 423 Offering if and to the extent required by Applicable Law. 
 7. Grant of Options 
 (a) Number of Shares Subject to Option . On the Purchase Period Commencement Date of each Purchase Period, a Participant shall be granted an Option to purchase on the Purchase Period Termination Date of such Purchase Period, at the applicable Option Price, such number of shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the amount of the Participant s Contributions accumulated as of the Purchase Period Termination Date and retained in the Participant s account as of the Purchase Period Termination Date by the applicable Option Price (as determined in accordance with Section 7(b) herein) provided, however, that (i) no Participant may purchase shares of Common Stock in excess of the limitations set forth in Section 5(b) or Section 13(b) herein, and the number of shares subject to an Option shall be adjusted as necessary to conform to such limitations and (ii) in no event shall the aggregate number of shares deemed to be subject to Options during a Purchase Period exceed the number of shares then available under the Plan or the number of shares available for any single Purchase Period (as provided in Section 5 herein), and the number of shares deemed to be subject to Options shall be adjusted as necessary to conform to these limitations. The Fair Market Value of the Common Stock shall be determined as provided in Section 2(q) and 7(b) herein, and a Participant s Compensation shall be determined according to Section 6(e) herein. 
 (b) Option Price . The Option Price per share of Common Stock purchased with Contributions made during such a Purchase Period for a Participant shall be equal to 85 of the Fair Market Value per share of the Common Stock on the Purchase Period Commencement Date or the Purchase Period Termination Date (the applicable Exercise Date), whichever is lower (provided that, in no event shall the Option Price per share be less than the par value per share of the Common Stock). 
 8. Exercise of Options 
 (a) Automatic Exercise . Unless a Participant gives written notice to the Company or an agent designated by the Company of withdrawal or terminates employment as hereinafter provided, his Option for the purchase of Common Stock with Contributions made during any Purchase Period will be deemed to have been exercised automatically on the Purchase Period Termination Date applicable to such Purchase Period, for the purchase of the number of full shares of Common Stock which the accumulated Contributions in his account at that time will 
 7 
 
 LEGAL02 42112823v2 

purchase at the applicable Option Price (but not in excess of the number of shares for which Options have been granted to the Participant pursuant to Section 5 and Section 7(a)). 
 (b) Termination of Option . An Option granted during any Purchase Period shall expire on the earlier of (i) the date of termination of the Participant s employment, except as otherwise provided in Section 6(h) (regarding leaves of absence), or as otherwise required by Applicable Law, or (ii) the end of the last day of the applicable Purchase Period. 
 (c) Fractional Shares Excess Amounts . Fractional shares will not be issued under the Plan. Any excess Contributions in a Participant s account which would have been used to purchase fractional shares will be automatically re-invested in a subsequent Purchase Period unless the Participant timely revokes his authorization to re-invest such excess amounts or the Company elects to return such Contributions to the Participant. Except as permitted by the foregoing, any amounts that were contributed but not applied toward the purchase of shares of Common Stock shall not be carried forward to future Purchase Periods and shall be returned to Participants. 
 (d) Share Certificates Credit to Participant Accounts . As promptly as practicable after the Purchase Period Termination Date of each Purchase Period, the shares of Common Stock purchased by a Participant for the Purchase Period shall be credited to such Participant s account maintained by the Company, a stock brokerage or other financial services firm designated by the Company or the Participant or other similar entity, unless the Participant elects to have the Company deliver to the Participant certificates for the shares of Common Stock purchased upon exercise of his Option. If a Participant elects to have shares credited to his account (rather than certificates issued), a report will be made available to such Participant after the close of each Purchase Period stating the entries made to such Participant s account, the number of shares of Common Stock purchased and the applicable Option Price. 
 9. Withdrawal Termination of Employment 
 (a) Withdrawal . A Participant may withdraw Contributions credited to his account during a Purchase Period at any time prior to the applicable Purchase Period Termination Date by giving sufficient prior written notice to the Company or an agent designated by the Company. All of the Participant s Contributions credited to his account will be paid to him promptly (without interest, unless otherwise required by Applicable Law) after receipt of his notice of withdrawal, and no further Contributions will be made from his Compensation during such Purchase Period. The Company may, at its option, treat any attempt to borrow by an Employee on the security of his accumulated Contributions as an election to withdraw such Contributions. A Participant s withdrawal from any Purchase Period will not have any effect upon his eligibility to participate in any succeeding Purchase Period or in any similar plan which may hereafter be adopted by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, if a Participant withdraws during a Purchase Period, Contributions shall not resume at the beginning of a succeeding Purchase Period unless the Participant is eligible to participate and the Participant delivers to the Company or an agent designated by the Company a new authorization form (and such other documents as may be required by the Committee) and otherwise complies with the terms of the Plan. 
 (b) Termination of Employment Participant Ineligibility . Upon termination of a Participant s employment for any reason (including but not limited to termination due to death but excluding a leave of absence for a period of less than 90 days or a leave of absence of any duration where reemployment is guaranteed by either statute or contract), or in the event that a Participant otherwise ceases to be an Eligible Employee, the Participant s participation in the Plan shall be terminated, unless otherwise required by Applicable Law. In the event of a Participant s termination of employment or in the event that a Participant otherwise ceases to be an Eligible Employee, the Contributions credited to his account will be returned (without interest, unless otherwise required by Applicable Law) to him, or, in the case of death, to a beneficiary duly designated on a form acceptable to the Committee. Any unexercised Options granted to a Participant during such Purchase Period shall be deemed to have expired on the date of the Participant s termination of employment or the date the Participant otherwise ceases to be an 
 8 
 
 LEGAL02 42112823v2 

Eligible Employee (unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 8(b) herein), and no further Contributions will be made for the Participant s account. 
 10. Transferability 
 No Option (or rights attendant to an Option) may be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated (whether by operation of law or otherwise), except as provided by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and no Option shall be subject to execution, attachment or similar process. Any attempted assignment, transfer, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition of an Option, or levy of attachment or similar process upon the Option not specifically permitted herein, shall be null and void and without effect. An Option may be exercised during a Participant s lifetime only by the Participant. 
 11. Dilution and Other Adjustments Change in Control 
 (a) Adjustments Right to Issue Additional Securities . If there is any change in the outstanding shares of Common Stock because of a merger, Change in Control, consolidation, recapitalization or reorganization involving the Company, or if the Board declares a stock dividend, stock split distributable in shares of Common Stock or reverse stock split, other distribution (other than ordinary or regular cash dividends) or combination or reclassification of the Common Stock, or if there is a similar change in the capital stock structure of the Company affecting the Common Stock (excluding conversion of convertible securities by the Company and or the exercise of warrants by their holders), then the number and type of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Plan shall be correspondingly adjusted, and the Committee shall, subject to Applicable Law, make such adjustments to Options (such as the number and type of shares subject to an Option and the Option Price of an Option) or to any provisions of this Plan as the Committee deems equitable to prevent dilution or enlargement of Options or as may otherwise be advisable. Nothing in the Plan, an Option or any related instrument shall limit the ability of the Company to issue additional securities of any type or class. 
 (b) Change in Control . In addition, without limiting the effect of Section 11(a) herein, in the event of a Change in Control, the Committee s discretion shall include but shall not be limited to the authority to provide for any of, or a combination of any of, the following (a) each Option shall be assumed or an equivalent option shall be substituted by the successor entity or parent or subsidiary of such successor entity (b) a date selected by the Committee on or before the date of consummation of such Change in Control shall be treated as an Exercise Date and all outstanding Options shall be exercised on such date, (c) all outstanding Options shall terminate and the accumulated Contributions will be refunded to each Participant upon or prior to the Change in Control, or (d) outstanding Options shall continue unchanged. 
 12. Stockholder Approval of Plan 
 The Plan is subject to the approval by the stockholders of the Company, which approval shall be obtained within 12 months before or after the date of adoption of the Plan by the Board. Amendments to the Plan shall be subject to stockholder approval to the extent, if any, as may be required by Code Section 423 or other Applicable Law. 
 13. Limitations on Options 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan 
 (a) No Employee shall be granted an Option under the Plan if, immediately after the Option was granted, the Employee would own stock possessing 5 or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of the Company or of any Related Corporation. For purposes of this Section 13(a), stock ownership of an individual shall be determined under the rules of Code Section 424(d), and stock which the Employee may 
 9 
 
 LEGAL02 42112823v2 

purchase under outstanding options (whether or not the options qualify for the special tax treatment afforded by Code Section 421(a)) shall be treated as stock owned by the Employee. 
 (b) No Employee shall be granted an Option under the Plan which permits his rights to purchase stock under all employee stock purchase plans (as defined in Code Section 423) of the Company and any Related Corporation to accrue at a rate which exceeds 25,000 of fair market value of such stock (determined at the time of the grant of such Option) for each calendar year in which such Option is outstanding at any time. Any Option granted under the Plan shall be deemed to be modified to the extent necessary to satisfy this Section 13(b). 
 (c) In accordance with Code Section 423, all Employees granted Options under the Plan who are participating in a Section 423 Offering shall have the same rights and privileges under the Plan, except that the amount of Common Stock which may be purchased by any Employee under Options granted pursuant to the Plan shall bear a uniform relationship to the total compensation (or the basic or regular rate of compensation) of all Employees. All rules and determinations of the Committee in the administration of the Plan shall be uniformly and consistently applied to all persons in similar circumstances. 
 14. Amendment and Termination of the Plan and Options 
 (a) Amendment and Termination of Plan . The Plan may be amended, altered, suspended and or terminated at any time by the Board provided, that approval of an amendment to the Plan by the stockholders of the Company shall be required to the extent, if any, that stockholder approval of such amendment is required by Applicable Law. 
 (b) Amendment and Termination of Options . The Committee may (subject to the provisions of Code Section 423 and Section 14(a) herein) amend, alter, suspend and or terminate any Option granted under the Plan, prospectively or retroactively, but (except as otherwise provided in Section 14(c)) such amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of an Option shall not, without the written consent of a Participant with respect to an outstanding Option, materially adversely affect the rights of the Participant with respect to the Option. 
 (c) Amendments to Comply with Applicable Law . Notwithstanding Section 14(a) and Section 14(b) herein, the following provisions shall apply 
 (i) The Committee shall have unilateral authority, subject to the provisions of Code Section 423, to amend the Plan and any Option (without Participant consent) to the extent necessary to comply with Applicable Law or changes to Applicable Law. 
 (ii) The Committee shall have unilateral authority to make adjustments to the terms and conditions of Options in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events affecting the Company or any Related Corporation, or the financial statements of the Company or any Related Corporation, or of changes in Applicable Law, or accounting principles, if the Committee determines that such adjustments are appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan or necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable accounting principles or Applicable Law. 
 15. Designation of Beneficiary 
 The Committee, in its discretion, may authorize a Participant to designate in writing a person or persons as each such Participant s beneficiary, which beneficiary shall be entitled to the rights, if any, of the Participant in the event of the Participant s death to which the Participant would otherwise be entitled. The Committee shall have discretion to approve the form or forms of such beneficiary designations, to determine whether such beneficiary designations will be accepted, and to interpret such beneficiary designations. If a deceased Participant fails to designate a beneficiary, or if the designated beneficiary does not survive the Participant, any 
 10 
 
 LEGAL02 42112823v2 

rights that would have been exercisable by the Participant and any benefits distributable to the Participant shall be exercised by or distributed to the legal representative of the estate of the Participant, unless otherwise determined by the Committee. 
 16. Miscellaneous 
 (a) Compliance with Applicable Law . The Company may impose such restrictions on Options, shares of Common Stock and any other benefits underlying Options hereunder as it may deem advisable, including without limitation restrictions under the federal securities laws, the requirements of any stock exchange or similar organization and any blue sky, state or foreign securities or other Applicable Law. Notwithstanding any other Plan provision to the contrary, the Company shall not be obligated to issue, deliver or transfer shares of Common Stock under the Plan or take any other action, unless such delivery or action is in compliance with Applicable Law (including but not limited to the requirements of the Securities Act). The Company will be under no obligation to register shares of Common Stock or other securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission or to effect compliance with the exemption, registration, qualification or listing requirements of any state securities laws, stock exchange or similar organization, and the Company will have no liability for any inability or failure to do so. The Company may cause a restrictive legend or legends to be placed on any certificate issued pursuant to an Option hereunder in such form as may be prescribed from time to time by Applicable Law or as may be advised by legal counsel. 
 (b) No Obligation To Exercise Options . The grant of an Option shall impose no obligation upon a Participant to exercise such Option. 
 (c) Application of Funds . The proceeds received by the Company from the sale of Common Stock pursuant to Options will be used for general corporate purposes. 
 (d) Taxes . At any time a Participant incurs a taxable event as a result of his participation in the Plan, a Participant must make adequate provision for any Tax-Related Items. Participants are solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all Tax-Related Items, and the Company shall not have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise hold any Participant harmless from any or all of such Tax-Related Items. The Company shall have no responsibility to take or refrain from taking any actions in order to achieve a certain tax result for a Participant or any other person. 
 In their sole discretion, the Company or, as applicable, the Designated Company that employs the Participant, may, unless the Committee determines otherwise, satisfy their obligations to withhold Tax-Related Items by (i) withholding from the Participant's compensation, (ii) repurchasing a sufficient whole number of shares of Common Stock issued following exercise having an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of Common Stock, (iii) withholding from proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise, either through a voluntary sale or a mandatory sale arranged by the Company, or (iv) any other method deemed acceptable by the Committee. 
 (e) Right to Terminate Employment . Nothing in the Plan, an Option or any agreement or instrument related to the Plan shall confer upon an Employee the right to continue in the employment of the Company, any Related Corporation or Affiliate or affect any right which the Company, any Related Corporation or Affiliate may have to terminate the employment of such Employee. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or under Applicable Law, all rights of a Participant with respect to Options granted hereunder shall terminate upon the termination of employment of the Participant. 
 (f) Rights as a Stockholder . No Participant or other person shall have any rights as a stockholder unless and until certificates for shares of Common Stock are issued to him or credited to his account on the records of the Company or a designee. 
 11 
 
 LEGAL02 42112823v2 

(g) Notices . Every direction, revocation or notice authorized or required by the Plan shall be deemed delivered to the Company (i) on the date it is personally delivered to the Company at its principal executive offices or (ii) three business days after it is sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the Secretary at such offices, and shall be deemed delivered to an Eligible Employee (i) on the date it is personally delivered to him or (ii) three business days after it is sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed to him at the last address shown for him on the records of the Company or of any Related Corporation or Affiliate. 
 (h) Governing Law Venue . All questions pertaining to the validity, construction and administration of the Plan and Options granted hereunder shall be determined in conformity with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflicts of laws, to the extent not inconsistent with Code Section 423 or other applicable federal laws of the United States. Any legal action related to the Plan, the Options granted under the Plan or any agreement or other instrument relating to the Plan shall be brought only in a United States federal or state court located in State of Florida, County of Orange. 
 (i) Elimination of Fractional Shares . If under any provision of the Plan which requires a computation of the number of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option, the number so computed is not a whole number of shares of Common Stock, such number of shares of Common Stock shall be rounded down to the next whole number. 
 (j) Severability . If any provision of the Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, such illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included. 
 (k) Gender and Number . Except where otherwise indicated by the context, words in any gender shall include any other gender, words in the singular shall include the plural and words in the plural shall include the singular. 
 (l) Rules of Construction . Headings are given to the sections of the Plan solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. 
 (m) Successors and Assigns . The Plan shall be binding upon the Company, its successors and assigns, and Participants, their executors, administrators and permitted transferees and beneficiaries. 
 (n) Option Documentation . The grant of any Option under the Plan shall be evidenced by such documentation, if any, as may be determined by the Committee or its designee. Such documentation may state terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to the Option and may state such other terms, conditions and restrictions, including but not limited to terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to shares of Common Stock or other benefits subject to an Option, as may be established by the Committee. 
 (o) Uncertificated Shares . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, to the extent the Plan provides for the issuance of stock certificates to reflect the issuance of shares of Common Stock, the issuance may, in the Company's discretion, be effected on a non-certificated basis, to the extent not prohibited by the Company's certificate of incorporation or bylaws or by Applicable Law. 
 (p) Compliance with Recoupment, Ownership and Other Policies or Agreements . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary and subject to the provisions of Code Section 423, the Committee may, at any time (during or following termination of employment or service for any reason), determine that a Participant's rights, payments and or benefits with respect to an Option (including but not limited to any shares issued or issuable with respect to an Option) shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment upon the occurrence of certain specified events, in addition to any other conditions applicable to an Option. Such events may include, but shall not be limited to, termination of employment for 
 12 
 
 LEGAL02 42112823v2 

cause, violation of policies of the Company or a Related Corporation or Affiliate, breach of non-solicitation, non-competition, confidentiality, non-disparagement or other covenants, other conduct by the Participant that is determined by the Committee to be detrimental to the business or reputation of the Company, any Related Corporation or Affiliate, and or other circumstances where such reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment is required by Applicable Law. In addition, without limiting the effect of the foregoing, as a condition to the grant of an Option or receipt or retention of shares of Common Stock, cash or any other benefit under the Plan, (i) the Committee may, at any time, require that a Participant comply with any compensation recovery (or clawback ), stock ownership, stock retention or other policies or guidelines adopted by the Company, a Related Corporation or Affiliate, each as in effect from time to time and to the extent applicable to the Participant, and (ii) each Participant shall be subject to such compensation recovery, recoupment, forfeiture or other similar provisions as may apply under Applicable Law. 
 (q) Plan Controls . Unless the Committee determines otherwise, in the event of a conflict between any term or provision contained in the Plan and an express term contained in any documentation related to the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the Plan will govern and prevail. 
 (r) Administrative Costs . The Company or a Related Corporation or Affiliate will pay the expenses incurred in the administration of the Plan other than any fees or transfer, excise or similar taxes imposed on the transaction pursuant to which any shares of Common Stock are purchased. The Participant will pay any transaction fees, commissions or similar costs on any sale of shares of Common Stock and may also be charged the reasonable costs associated with issuing a stock certificate or similar matters. 
 (s) Notice of Disqualifying Disposition . Each Participant who participates in a Section 423 Offering and is subject to taxation in the United States shall give the Company prompt written notice of any disposition or other transfer of shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option granted under the Plan, if such disposition or transfer is made within two years after the Grant Date or within one year after the Exercise Date. 
 17. Code Section 409A Tax Qualification. 
 Options to purchase shares of Common Stock granted under a Section 423 Offering are exempt from the application of Code Section 409A and Code Section 457A. In furtherance of the foregoing and notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary, if the Committee determines that an Option granted under the Plan may be subject to Code Section 409A or Code Section 457A or that any provision in the Plan would cause an Option under the Plan to be subject to Code Section 409A or Code Section 457A, the Committee may amend the terms of the Plan and or of an outstanding Option granted under the Plan, or take such other action the Committee determines is necessary or appropriate, in each case, without the Participant s consent, to exempt any outstanding Option or future Option that may be granted under the Plan from or to allow any such Options to comply with Code Section 409A or Code Section 457A, but only to the extent any such amendments or action by the Committee would not violate Code Section 409A or Code Section 457A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise protect the Participant from any obligation to pay any taxes, interest or penalties pursuant to Code Section 409A or Code Section 457A. The Company makes no representation that the Option to purchase shares of Common Stock under the Plan is compliant with Code Section 409A or Code Section 457A. 
 13 
 
 LEGAL02 42112823v2 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exibit211subsidiarieshgvfy.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 

Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 Entity Name 
 Domestic Jurisdiction 
 0827965 B.C. LTD 
 Canada 
 1063189 B.C. LTD 
 Canada 
 1776 Holding, LLC 
 DE 
 2400 Prince Edward, LLC 
 DE 
 48th Street Holding LLC 
 DE 
 AB Blue Acquisition, LLC 
 DE 
 AHC Professionals US Majority, LLC 
 NV 
 AHC Professionals US Minority, LLC 
 NV 
 AHC Professionals, SC 
 Mexico 
 AKGI St. Maarten N.V. 
 DE 
 Amber Group, Inc. 
 FL 
 Amber Vacation Realty of Tennessee, Inc. 
 TN 
 Amber Vacation Realty, Inc. 
 FL 
 Ameristate Title NV, LLC 
 NV 
 Ameristate Title, LLC 
 FL 
 BRE Ace, LLC 
 DE 
 Bridgespire Financial Services, Inc. 
 NV 
 CDD International Holdings Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 CQRC New York Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Chestnut Farms LLC 
 NV 
 Citrus Insurance Company, Inc. 
 NV 
 Collie Inversion Inmobilario Santa Cruz 
 Spain 
 Crescent One, LLC 
 FL 
 Cumberland Gate, LLC 
 DE 
 Customer Journey, LLC 
 DE 
 DPM Acquisition Mexico S. de RL de CV 
 Mexico 
 DPM Acquisition, LLC 
 DE 
 DPM Holdings, LLC 
 DE 
 DPM Loanco, LLC 
 DE 
 DPM RP Subsidiary, LLC 
 DE 
 DR Modern Spa, LLC 
 HI 
 DRI Quorum 2010 LLC 
 DE 
 DRT Development, LLC 
 DE 
 DRT Management, LLC 
 DE 
 DRT Mexico, LLC 
 DE 
 DRT Parent, LLC 
 DE 
 DestinationXchange, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Asia Development, Inc. 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Palm Management, NV 
 Netherlands 
 Diamond Resorts (Europe) Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Diamond Resorts (Group Holdings) Plc 
 United Kingdom 
 Diamond Resorts (Holdings) Ltd 
 United Kingdom 
 Diamond Resorts AB Acquisition Company Limited 
 United Kingdom 

Exhibit 21.1 

 Entity Name 
 Domestic Jurisdiction 
 Diamond Resorts Beach Quarters Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Beachwoods Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Boardwalk Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Broome Park Golf Ltd 
 United Kingdom 
 Diamond Resorts CI Management, S de RL de CV 
 Mexico 
 Diamond Resorts CS Borrower, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts California Collection Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Canada Receivables, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Canada, LTD. 
 Canada 
 Diamond Resorts Centralized Services Company 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Citrus Share Holding, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Coconut Beach Development, LLC 
 NV 
 Diamond Resorts Coral Sands Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Corporation 
 MD 
 Diamond Resorts Cypress Pointe I Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Cypress Pointe II Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Cypress Pointe III Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts DB Borrower, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts DPM Development, LLC 
 NV 
 Diamond Resorts Daytona Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Depositor 2008 LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Desert Isle Development, LLC 
 NV 
 Diamond Resorts Deutschland Betriebsgesellschaft mbH 
 Germany 
 Diamond Resorts Deutschland Holding GmbH 
 Germany 
 Diamond Resorts Deutschland Vertriebsgesellschaft mbH 
 Germany 
 Diamond Resorts Developer and Sales Holding Company 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Epic Mortgage Holdings, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Excursions SL 
 Spain 
 Diamond Resorts F&B, S de RL de CV 
 Mexico 
 Diamond Resorts Fall Creek Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Finance Holding Company 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Financial Services, Inc. 
 NV 
 Diamond Resorts Financial Services Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Diamond Resorts Flamingo Development, NV 
 Netherlands 
 Diamond Resorts Flamingo Management, NV 
 Netherlands 
 Diamond Resorts Franz Klammer Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts GK Development, LLC 
 DE 

Exhibit 21.1 

 Entity Name 
 Domestic Jurisdiction 
 Diamond Resorts Grand Beach I Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Grand Beach II Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Greensprings Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts HK, LLC 
 NV 
 Diamond Resorts Hawaii Collection Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Hilton Head Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Holdings, LLC 
 NV 
 Diamond Resorts IW Holding Company 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts IW Mexico, S de RL de CV 
 Mexico 
 Diamond Resorts IW Resort Ownership U.S. Corporation 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts IW Trading Company 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts IW Ventures, Inc. 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts International Club, Inc. 
 FL 
 Diamond Resorts International Marketing Mexico, LLC 
 NV 
 Diamond Resorts International Marketing, Inc. 
 CA 
 Diamond Resorts International, LLC 
 NV 
 Diamond Resorts Inventory Holding, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Issuer 2008 LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Italia Srl 
 Italy 
 Diamond Resorts Kahana Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Kona Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Kona II Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Las Vegas Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts MGV Development LLC 
 NV 
 Diamond Resorts Management & Exchange Holding Company 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Management, Inc. 
 AZ 
 Diamond Resorts Mediterranean Holdings Limited 
 Cyprus 
 Diamond Resorts Mortgage Holdings, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Myrtle Beach Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Mediterranean Management Limited 
 Cyprus 
 Diamond Resorts Mediterranean PLC 
 Cyprus 
 Diamond Resorts Mystic Dunes Development, LLC 
 NV 
 Diamond Resorts Natixis Borrower, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Ocean Beach Club Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Oceanaire Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Owner Trust 2011-1 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Owner Trust 2013-1 
 DE 

Exhibit 21.1 

 Entity Name 
 Domestic Jurisdiction 
 Diamond Resorts Owner Trust 2014-1 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Owner Trust 2015-1 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Owner Trust 2015-2 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Owner Trust 2016-1 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Owner Trust 2017-1 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Owner Trust 2018-1 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Owner Trust 2019-1 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Owner Trust 2021-1 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Palm Development, NV 
 Netherlands 
 Diamond Resorts Palm Springs Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Poco Diablo Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Poipu Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Polo Development, LLC 
 NV 
 Diamond Resorts Port Royal Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Portugal Clube de Ferias LDA 
 Portgual 
 Diamond Resorts Powhatan Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Rancho Manana Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Real Estate Academy, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Real Estate Academy-Hawaii, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Residual Assets Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Residual Assets Finance, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Residual Assets M&E, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Ridge On Sedona Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Ridge Pointe Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts River Club Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts River Club Members, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Sales Italy SRL 
 Italy 
 Diamond Resorts San Luis Bay Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Santa Fe Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Sapphire Valley Development LLC 
 NV 
 Diamond Resorts Scottsdale Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Sedona Springs Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Sedona Summit Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Seller 2009-1 LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Seller 2011-1, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Seller 2013-1, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Seller 2013-2, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Seller 2014-1, LLC 
 DE 

Exhibit 21.1 

 Entity Name 
 Domestic Jurisdiction 
 Diamond Resorts Seller 2015-1, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Seller 2015-2, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Seller 2016-1, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Seller 2017-1, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Seller 2018-1, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Seller 2019-1, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Seller 2021-1, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts St. Croix Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts St. Louis Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Steamboat Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Tahoe Beach & Ski Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Tahoe Seasons Development, LLC 
 NV 
 Diamond Resorts Tempus Owner Trust 2013 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Tempus Seller 2013, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Teton Club Development, LLC 
 NV 
 Diamond Resorts Turtle Cay Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts U.S. Collection Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts U.S. Collection-Hawaii Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Villa Mirage Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Villas of Sedona Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Voyages SARL 
 France 
 Diamond Resorts WF Borrower, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts Waikiki Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts West Maui Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts, LLC 
 NV 
 Diamond Resorts CO Borrower 2016, LLC 
 DE 
 Diamond Resorts CO Seller 2016, LLC 
 DE 
 Extraordinary Escapes Corporation 
 DE 
 FLRX, Inc. 
 WA 
 Florida Diamond Resorts Management, LLC 
 FL 
 Foster Shores, LLC 
 MO 
 Four C s Hospitality, LLC 
 NV 
 Galaxy Exchange Company 
 FL 
 George Acquisition Subsidiary, Inc. 
 NV 
 Ginger Creek, LLC 
 DE 
 Grand Escapes, LLC 
 DE 
 Grand Vacations Realty, LLC 
 DE 
 Grand Vacations Services LLC 
 DE 
 Grand Vacations Title, LLC 
 DE 
 HGV Depositor LLC 
 DE 
 HGV TOC, LLC 
 DE 
 HILTON GRAND VACATIONS TRUST 2022-2 
 DE 
 HK F&B Services, LLC 
 DE 

Exhibit 21.1 

 Entity Name 
 Domestic Jurisdiction 
 HRC Islander LLC 
 DE 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Barbados Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Escrow, Inc. 
 DE 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Escrow, LLC 
 DE 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc. 
 DE 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC 
 DE 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Club, LLC 
 DE 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Company, LLC 
 DE 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Financing, LLC 
 DE 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Florida, LLC 
 FL 
 Hilton Grand Vacations H Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Italy Srl 
 Italy 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Japan Management, LLC 
 Japan 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Japan, LLC 
 Japan 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Management, LLC 
 NV 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Mexico S.De R.L. De C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Parent LLC 
 DE 
 Hilton Grand Vacations SHI, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Singapore Pte Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Trust 2017 - A 
 DE 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Trust 2018 - A 
 DE 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Trust 2019 - A 
 DE 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Trust 2020 - A 
 DE 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Trust 2022-1D 
 DE 
 Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC 
 DE 
 Hilton Grand Vacations UK Holding Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Hilton Grand Vacations UK Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Hilton Kingsland 1, LLC 
 DE 
 Hilton Resorts Corporation 
 DE 
 Hilton Resorts Marketing Corp. 
 DE 
 Hilton Resorts Marketing Korea, LLC 
 Korea, Republic Of 
 Hilton Travel, LLC 
 DE 
 Hospitality Management and Consulting Service, L.L.C. 
 NV 
 ILX Acquisition, Inc. 
 DE 
 ILX Acquisition, LLC 
 DE 
 ILX Resorts Acquisition S. De RL de CV 
 Mexico 
 IOI Funding I, LLC 
 FL 
 IOI Funding II, LLC 
 FL 
 International Timeshares Marketing, LLC 
 DE 
 Island One Development, LLC 
 NV 
 Island One Resorts Management Corporation 
 FL 
 Island One, Inc. 
 FL 
 Kupono Partners LLC 
 HI 
 Labrador Inversiones Inmobilarias Costa Del Sol SL 
 Spain 

Exhibit 21.1 

 Entity Name 
 Domestic Jurisdiction 
 Lake Tahoe Resort Partners, LLC 
 CA 
 LS International Resort Management Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 MMG Development Corp. 
 FL 
 Mazatlan Development Inc. 
 WA 
 Mercadotechnia de Hospedaje, SA de CV 
 Mexico 
 Mystic Dunes Myrtle Beach, LLC 
 DE 
 Mystic Dunes Receivables, LLC 
 DE 
 Mystic Dunes, LLC 
 DE 
 Navigo Vacation Club, Inc. 
 FL 
 Nevada HK F&B Services, LLC 
 NV 
 Operating DPM S de RL de CV 
 Mexico 
 Pinnacle Collection Development, LLC 
 DE 
 Poinciana Vacation Resorts, Inc. 
 FL 
 Poipu Resort Partners, L.P. 
 HI 
 Potter's Mill, Inc. 
 Bahamas 
 Resort Management International, Inc., A California Corporation 
 CA 
 Resort Ventures, L.P. 
 CA 
 Resorts Development International, Inc. 
 NV 
 Sales DPM S de RL de CV 
 Mexico 
 Secure Firstcon, Inc. 
 DE 
 Secure Middlecon, Inc. 
 DE 
 Sunrise Ridge Resort Inc. 
 TN 
 Sunterra Cabo Development, S de RL de CV 
 Mexico 
 Sunterra Cabo Management Company, S de RL de CV 
 Mexico 
 Sunterra Depositor 2007 LLC 
 DE 
 Sunterra Issuer 2007 LLC 
 DE 
 Sunterra Mexico Group Holdings, S de RL de CV 
 Mexico 
 Sunterra Ownership LLC 
 DE 
 Sunterra SPE 2004-1 LLC 
 DE 
 Sunterra SPM, Inc. 
 DE 
 Tempus Acquisition, LLC 
 DE 
 Tempus Holdings, LLC 
 DE 
 Torres Vallarta Tennis Club, SA de CV 
 Mexico 
 Torres Vallarta Tower Three, SA de CV 
 Mexico 
 Vacation Club Partnership Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Vacation OTA, LLC 
 NV 
 Vaccaciones Compartidos Mazatlan y Vallarta, SA de CV 
 Mexico 
 Vilar do Golf Empermientos Trusticos Ltd. 
 Portugal 
 WBW CHP, LLC 
 HI 
 Walsham Lake, LLC 
 MO 
 West Maui Resort Partners, L.P. 
 DE 
 World Discovery Kids Club, LLC 
 DE 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231consentofindepen.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-259461) of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-225146) pertaining to the Hilton Resorts Corporation 2017 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-261668) pertaining to the Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-215265) pertaining to the Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan and the Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 2017 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-218056) pertaining to the Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 of our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Orlando, Florida 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 hgv-20221231x10kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Mark D. Wang, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s Mark D. Wang Mark D. Wang President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 1, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 hgv-20221231x10kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Daniel J. Mathewes, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s Daniel J. Mathewes Daniel J. Mathewes Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 1, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 hgv-20221231x10kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY 
 ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark D. Wang, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s Mark D. Wang Mark D. Wang President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 March 1, 2023 
 A signed original of this certification required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 hgv-20221231x10kex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY 
 ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniel J. Mathewes, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s Daniel J. Mathewes Daniel J. Mathewes Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 March 1, 2023 
 A signed original of this certification required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 hgv-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 hgv-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 hgv-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 hgv-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 hgv-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

