<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1424657_0001213900-23-025603.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6381558</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>248280</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1274145</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1505655</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1568532</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1617690</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025603.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331170424
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025603
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cuentas Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001424657
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-GROCERIES & RELATED PRODUCTS [5140]
		IRS NUMBER:				463243320
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39973
		FILM NUMBER:		23788993

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		235 LINCOLN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 611-3622

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		235 LINCOLN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			MIAMI BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33139

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEXT GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160418

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Pleasant Kids, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141223

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NYBD Holding, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130719

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025603.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_cuentasinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

- 

(Registrant s telephone number) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC Warrants, each exercisable for one share of Common Stock CUENW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those
error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of
the common stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference
to the closing sales price of the common stock on June 30, 2022, was . 

 The number of shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value, outstanding
on March 31, 2023 was shares. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 18 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 18 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 18 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 18 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 19 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 22 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 
 
 Item 9A 
 Control and Procedures 
 29 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 30 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 30 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 31 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 35 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 37 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 38 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 38 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 39 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 40 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE 

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
(the Annual Report ), unless the context otherwise requires, the terms the Company, Cuentas, 
 we, us, and our refer to Cuentas, Inc., a Florida corporation. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report includes forward-looking statements
as the term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 or by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in its
rules, regulations and releases, regarding, among other things, all statements other than statements of historical facts contained in
this report, including statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy, and plans and objectives of management for
future operations. The words believe, may, estimate, continue, anticipate, 
 intend, should, plan, could, target, potential, is
likely, will, expect and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and
financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. In
addition, our past results of operations do not necessarily indicate our future results. 

These statements include, among other things,
statements regarding: 

our ability to implement our
business plan; 

our ability to attract key
personnel; 

our ability to operate profitably; 

our ability to efficiently
and effectively finance our operations; 

our ability to raise additional
financing for working capital; 

our ability to efficiently
manage our operations; 

that our accounting policies
and methods may require management to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain; 

changes in the legal, regulatory
and legislative environments in the markets in which we operate; 

adverse state or federal legislation
or regulation that increases the costs of compliance, or adverse findings by a regulator with respect to existing operations. 

Except as otherwise required by applicable laws
and regulations, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or the risk factors described
in this report, whether as a result of new information, future events, or changed circumstances after the date of this report. You should
not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events or performance. We cannot assure you that the events and circumstances
reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking
statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. No
forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance. You should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference
in this Annual Report and have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) thereto completely and with the understanding
that our actual future results may be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

The Company maintains a website at www.cuentas.com.
The Company makes available, free of charge, through the Investor Information section of the website, its Annual Reports on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Section 16 filings and all amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably
practicable after such material is electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any of the foregoing information
is available in print to any stockholder who requests it by contacting our Investor Relations Department. Alternatively, you may also
access our reports at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

The Company 

The Company was incorporated
under the laws of Florida on September 21, 2005, and currently focuses on the business of using proprietary fintech technology to provide
mobile and e-commerce services for delivering financial, prepaid debit and digital content services to the unbanked, underbanked and underserved
Latino, Hispanic and immigrant communities. The Company s proprietary software platform enables Cuentas to offer comprehensive financial
services and robust functionality that is absent from other Mobile Apps through the use of our Prepaid Debit Mastercard /General-Purpose
Reloadable cards GPR ). The Company is diversifying with its initial investment in the first affordable apartment building
in Florida using patented, hurricane proof (up to CAT 5) technology. Cuentas sees great potential in developing similar projects in Florida
and other area in the US while integrating many of its mobile and e-commerce solutions to help bridge the digital divide for unbanked,
underbanked and underserved communities. 

Our Business 

The Company s historical
business included its Mobile App GPR card. The Company is now diversifying its product line to include its Mobile Payments and Mobility
projects which will be integrated into a proprietary fintech ecosystem that will provide a more complete offering of e-commerce products
and services designed for the unbanked, underbanked and underserved immigrant and underprivileged communities to help them bridge the
e-commerce digital divide. The Cuentas Mobile App GPR ecosystem protects its customers by depositing their funds in an FDIC insured
bank account at Sutton Bank, the issuing bank. 

The comprehensive financial services currently
available include: 

Direct ACH Deposits to receive
funds 

ATM access U.S. and
most foreign countries 

Retail and Online purchases 

Peer to Peer Payments at no
cost between Cuentas Account holders 

Cash Reloads at major retailers
(Walmart, CVS, Walgreens, Dollar General, etc.) 

Discounted Gift Cards for major brands (Amazon Cash, Xbox, Playstation, Burger King, etc.) 

Transit Authority Fares 
Los Angeles TAP, Connecticut GoCT, coming soon NY-OMNY 

Prepaid Long Distance Telecom
Minutes call land lines or mobile phones worldwide 

U.S. Mobile Phone Recharges
(TopUps) 

Int l. Mobile Phone Recharges (TopUps) 

WU and Cuentas Bridge
Digital and Retail Money Transfer Worlds for Latino Community 

On or about March 8,
2022, the Company has integrated Western Union s WU domestic and international money transfer capabilities into
the Cuentas mobile banking app. The integration enables the Company s customers to send money to 200 countries and territories via
the Cuentas mobile app. Leveraging Western Union s leading global cross-border, cross-currency platform, The Company s customers
can conveniently move money to friends and family almost anywhere across the world using the Cuentas mobile app. Once sent, receivers
can pick up their remittance in cash at any Western Union retail location. 

1 

A major factor that provides technical strength
and reliability to Cuentas project is the fintech ecosystem that it has developed. The foundation of Cuentas ecosystem is
the fintech platform with mobile app, mobile wallet and associated integrations that Cuentas has developed over the past 3 years. We believe
that this platform has been proven to be a robust, reliable transactional, marketing, financial and predictive, Tier-1 transactional platform.
Cuentas ecosystem integrates its platform via dedicated APIs with Sutton Bank (the issuing bank), IDology (AML KYC) and InComm
(Processor, Load Network 3 rd Party Digital Products). During the fourth quarter of 2022, the
Company performed its annual impairment test for the impairment of those intangible assets. Based on the Company's qualitative analysis,
which considered the electronic products and General Purpose Reloadable Cards reporting unit results
 and additional business and industry specific considerations including the impact of the settlement agreement with CIMA Telecom,
the Company performed a further revisions of the fair value of the acquired platforms. As a
result of the factors discussed the company recorded an impairment charge of 3.6 million whereas no amount was assigned to the
acquired platforms on December 31, 2022 

Cuentas Mobile
App includes a Mobile Wallet Wallet and a Digital Store (the Cuentas Digital Store or the Digital
Store and is linked with a Prepaid Mastercard which can be used for ATM withdrawals, online purchases and
in-person purchases. 

Account holders may deposit funds to their account
via (a) no-cost Direct Deposit, (b) no-cost fund transfers from other Cuentas account holders, or (c) for a small charge, using InComm s
VanillaLoad network in over 200,000 locations at major retailers like Walmart, CVS, Walgreens, Dollar General, and more. 

Once account holders have available funds, they
can use their Cuentas Prepaid Mastercard wherever prepaid Mastercards are accepted worldwide and at most ATMs in the U.S.,
and many international ATMs. 

Account holders may use the funds in their Wallet
to purchase discounted gift cards in the Cuentas Digital Store. Product categories in the Digital Store include Digital Gift Cards, Transit
Cards, Mobile Phone Recharges (the TopUps and Western Union International Remittances. Digital gift cards include Amazon
Cash, Sony Playstation, Xbox, Karma Koin, Burger King, Bass Pro Shops and more. Active transit products include TAP in Los Angeles, GoCT
in Connecticut and The Rapid from Grand Rapids, Michigan. These should include the digital availability of OMNY in New York when it launches
officially. Additional transit products will be available as InComm rolls them out. Cuentas account holders may purchase TopUps (Prepaid
Mobile Phone Recharges) which allow them to recharge their own or someone else s Verizon, AT T or other mobile phones in the
U.S. or in many foreign countries in real time. Account holders may make real phone calls using the Cuentas ILD Rewards balance
(Loyalty Program) or funds in their wallet - actual phone calls that are made directly from their phone to any mobile phone or land line
worldwide. 

Cuentas e-commerce Distribution and Mobile
Payments 

The Cuentas e-commerce
Distribution and Mobile Payments ecosystem will allow consumers to purchase Cuentas s line of digital products and services through
a nationwide network of retailers that specifically serve Cuentas target market. Cuentas distribution network includes certain
neighborhood markets known as Bodegas and convenience stores as well as other retail establishments. This brings previously
unavailable digital products and services to those neighborhoods affected by the e-commerce digital divide. 

The Latino Market 

The name Cuentas is a Spanish word
that has multiple meanings and was chosen for strategic reasons, to develop a close relationship with the Spanish speaking population.
It means Accounts as in bank accounts and it can also mean You can count on me as in Cuentas
conmigo . Additionally, it can be used to Pay or settle accounts saldar cuentas ), accountability rendici n de cuentas ), to be accountable rendir cuentas and other significant meanings. 

The 2020 U.S. Census showed the Hispanic Latino
population at over 62 million and at 18.7 of the total U.S. population. The FDIC defines the unbanked as those adults
without an account at a bank or other financial institution and are considered to be outside the mainstream for one reason or another.
The Company believes that the Hispanic and Latino demographic generally have had more identification, credit, and former bank account
issues than any other U.S. minority group leading to more difficulty in obtaining a traditional bank account. 

Cuentas Mobile App and Wallet 

The Cuentas Mobile App
and Wallet are positioned to service the Hispanic, Latino and immigrant demographics with comprehensive financial products. Additionally,
we are able to accept various forms of U.S. and some foreign government issued identification to confirm qualification for opening an
account with the Cuentas App. The Cuentas App is able to accept SSN or ITIN with U.S. identification, Matricula Consular or other qualified
government issued forms of identification. 

The Cuentas Prepaid Mastercard - General-Purpose
Reloadable (GPR) Card 

The Cuentas Prepaid GPR Card allows each account
holder to have a personalized Cuentas Mastercard and an associated Cuentas Account with the Mobile App, Digital Wallet, Digital Store
and Long Distance Telecom services included. It acts as a comprehensive banking solution which enables access to the U.S. financial system
for those who are unbanked or underbanked, while also enabling greater functionality than a traditional bank account. The cardholders 
deposited funds are protected in an FDIC-insured bank account at Sutton Bank. 

2 

The Cuentas Business Model 

The Cuentas business model provides or, we expect
will provide, for multiple revenue sources, many of which are synergistic market segments and provide unified financial and social functionality
to forgotten segments of society. 

The Cuentas Mobile Wallet has several current
and potential revenue streams. The Company currently receives and expect that the Company will continue to receive monthly maintenance
fees, reload fees, ATM fees and commissions for products sold as well as interchange and network fees from Mastercard and the Pulse Network
(see The Cuentas Ecosystem herein).. Cuentas strategy is to provide excellent value to consumers while charging reasonable
fees and commissions to produce profitability. We believe that monthly fees of 4.50 which we will charge per user will generate reasonable
revenue. Cuentas provides account recharge capabilities to account holders via the nationwide VanillaLoad network owned by InComm as it
is available in many big box retailer chains such as Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Dollar Store and others. 

The Cuentas Digital Store produces revenue each
time that consumers purchase third party gift cards, digital access, mass transit tickets and mobile phone top-ups (U.S. and international).
Additionally, International remittances provided by the industry-leader Western Union by Cuentas are currently available
and International Bill Pay should be available in 2023. Both services should be major revenue driving factors for Cuentas as they provide
reliable, low-cost solutions to our target audience. 

Cuentas offers rewards for free long distance
calling to its account holders Cuentas Rewards who are given credits upon activation to be able to make real international
calls to land lines or mobile phone worldwide, not like internet calling which can be unreliable and poor quality. We can expand the Rewards
program to include other products and/or services in the future. Our target demographic uses both internet and prepaid calling services
to communicate with family members around the U.S. and in their country. This added benefit is designed, at a very low cost, to provide
extra benefits to our accountholders, which should help to maintain and solidify valuable relationships with them. 

Prepaid Debit Card Market Overview 

The Research and Markets report titled Prepaid
Card Market: Payment Trends, Market Dynamics, and Forecasts 2020 - 2025 released in January 2020 states that, [i]n the United
States, prepaid cards remain the preferred choice for the unbanked market segment.... It also states that [t]he move towards
a cashless society is substantial, further driving the prepaid card market. 

Cuentas is strategically positioned in the prepaid
marketplace with a focus on the Hispanic, Latino and immigrant demographics. 

Cuentas does not charge Activation Fees to our
account holders as we have identified this as an important issue to our target demographic. Cuentas sends a personalized Prepaid Mastercard 
directly to each approved applicant in the US, and we only charge a monthly fee of 4.50, fifteen days after activation and every thirty
days thereafter. As previously mentioned, we also model our offering with empathy and consideration for our target demographic, keeping
fees and costs reasonably low so they will be able to justify and appreciate the benefits provided by the Cuentas Mobile App, Wallet and
Prepaid Mastercard . 

The Cuentas Technology platform 

The
Cuentas technology platform has proven itself to be a robust, reliable system and Cuentas is now taking steps to raise the platform to
the next level through symbiotic integration with The OLB Group Inc s OLB advanced PCI compliant OMNIsolutions
platform. 

On
August 22, 2022, Cuentas signed a Software Licensing And Transaction Sharing Agreement with OLB with the goal of mutually integrating
capabilities, features and expertise to enable both systems to take advantage of this symbiotic relationship so both organizations may
grow. The integration of upgrades to Cuentas system will include advanced intelligence and predictive trending to improve security,
identify successful marketing campaigns and provide data for future project development. 

The
current Cuentas ecosystem and platforms function seamlessly as before, and upgrades will be introduced after careful evaluation, review
and multi-level testing. 

The
newly upgraded Cuentas platform is designed to be PCI compliant and will include a complete POS system with credit card processing, marketing
tools, integrated modules for inventory management, content management, concierge services, shipping and customer service. Additional
features and capabilities include Real-time currency exchange rates (ECB), SSL support, Fully 100 customizable designs using templates,
configurable list of allowed countries, ACL (Access control list), Activity Log, OpenID, Facebook and Twitter authentication, W3C compliance
(XHTML) with all Bar-Codes Accepted, and much more. 

The
Cuentas platform will also have a multi functionable tax module that can apply taxes by country, state, Zipcode, product classes (e.g.,
goods, services, alcohol, etc.) and even including tax exempt, European Union Value Added Tax support, 

The
platform will include a Reward Points System, Marketing manager (Email SMS campaigns), Customizable SEO (Search Engine Optimization)
meta tags, discounts, coupons, affiliate programs, shopping, Froogle (google base), PriceGrabber / Yahoo Shopping, become.com product
feeds, Google XML site map, CMS Topics as well as QuickBooks and Google AdSense integration. 

3 

Additionally,
the platform will provide a shipping and logistics department a complete solution that enables retailers to use UPS, USPS, FedEx and
other shippers with a myriad of shipping calculation methods (weight, volume, product, etc.). Prevent shipping to restricted Countries,
calculate shipping, defined shipping methods (e.g., Ground, Next Day, 2nd Day, etc.), shipping tracking numbers, etc. 

Finally,
the system s Customer Service module will allow customers to register/login, create wish lists and registries, multiple billing
and shipping addresses per customer, customer roles (groups), time zone support, built-in forums, password recovery, multiple account
registration/activation types, automatic or manual registrations, Email validation image capture during login/registration, Email
a friend feature, Compare products feature, News RSS, Contact Us form, and more. Plugins are also available for US Postal, QuickBooks,
FedEx, DHL and MailChimp. 

CIMA
Settlement 

On
July 8, 2022, the Company announced that it received a notice of default from CIMA related to that certain Platform Exclusive License
Agreement, maintenance, and related agreements (collectively, the License Agreement by and among Cuentas, CIMA, Knetik,
Inc. Knetik ), and Auris, LLC Auris ). The notice, which was received May 25, 2022, provides that Cuentas
has failed to pay 700,000 of maintenance and pass-through fees that CIMA alleges are owed under the License Agreement and also afforded
Cuentas the required sixty-day period (through July 24, 2022) to cure the default as provided under the License Agreement. 

On
August 2, 2022, the Company and CIMA, along with Knetik and Auris executed a Settlement Agreement and General Release Settlement
Agreement which resolves the issues related to the July 8, 2022, notice of default from CIMA related to the License Agreement.
Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, in exchange for the consideration provided in the Settlement Agreement, Cuentas paid
CIMA 770,239.78 and the Company may assist CIMA in the sale of its Cuentas shares. 

Further,
in connection with the Settlement Agreement, Cuentas, Dinar Zuz, LLC, Michael De Prado and Arik Maimon provided signed waiver letters,
expressly waiving any right of first refusal and co-sale rights granted in their favor under that certain letter agreement, dated December
31, 2019 (the Side Letter ), by and among CIMA, Dinar Zuz, LLC, Michael Del Prado and Arik Maimon, and CIMA agreed (i) to
restore immediately Cuentas s access to its platform; (ii) provided Cuentas with a limited license to utilize the platform the
terms of which are detailed specifically in Section 6 of the Settlement Agreement, and to use reasonable efforts, subject to Cuentas 
compliance thereto, to provide Cuentas customer data to Cuentas through the end of the limited license term described in Section
6 of the Settlement Agreement; (iii) deliver to Cuentas the Source Code (as that term is defined in paragraph 1.18 of the License Agreement)
relating to Out-Of-Scope Services, and as further detailed in Section 6 of the Settlement Agreement; (iv) not enforce its
rights under the Side Letter through and including August 31, 2022, and (v) shall not transfer, sale, or encumber its Cuentas shares
through and including August 31, 2022, except as permitted therein. If Cuentas fails to comply with any term of this Settlement Agreement,
Cuentas agreed to a Stipulated Judgment described in Section 5 of the Settlement Agreement, which, if triggered, the limited license
set forth in Section 6 and any of CIMA s obligations under this Settlement Agreement shall become null and CIMA shall have the
right to shut off Cuentas access to the Platform without notice. 

The
Settlement Agreement also provides for mutual general releases by Cuentas for the benefit of CIMA and by CIMA for the benefit of Cuentas
of all claims other than claims relating to a breach of the Settlement Agreement. 

The
Settlement Agreement by its terms in effect terminated substantially all the obligations under the license agreement, dated December
31, 2019, by and between Cuentas and CIMA. 

Strategic Partners 

Sutton Bank Sutton 

Cuentas has a 5 year Prepaid Card Program Management
Agreement with Sutton Bank as the issuer of the Cuentas Prepaid Mastercard - Debit/GPR card which is effective through
October 2026 with automatic 1 year renewals.. Sutton insures account holders funds through the FDIC and provides direct deposit
capabilities, early pay functionality and account balance functionality for the Cuentas Mobile App and Mobile Wallet. Cuentas pays Sutton
monthly fees for their assistance with compliance and regulatory concerns. Sutton coordinates Know Your Client KYC ), Office
of Foreign Asset Control OFAC ), Politically Exposed Persons PEP and Anti-Money Laundering AML compliance with Cuentas and IDology. Each applicant must have either a Social Security number or an ITIN. During the registration process,
IDology compares each applicant s personal information with known KYC, OFAC and PEP databases, and if required, can request certain
forms of identification to confirm their identity. These forms of identification may include but are not limited to: Passport, Driver s
License, Matricula Consular and U.S. residency documentation. Only applicants that reach a certain score that is coordinated between Sutton
and IDology, are approved to receive a Cuentas Prepaid Mastercard associated with their Cuentas Mobile App and Wallet account. 

Interactive Communications International,
Inc. InComm 

Cuentas has multiple agreements with InComm including:
(a) Processing services, (b) Resale of 3 rd party Digital gift cards, (c) Resale of InComm Digital Solutions, and (d) Reload
Commission Agreement. The agreements are effective through July 2024 and then renew automatically for 1 year periods. InComm is an instrumental
partner of Cuentas as it provides the operational core of Cuentas transaction processing platform, the cash reload component and
access to many third party products and services. 

On July 23, 2019, the Company entered into a 5
year Prepaid Services Agreement with InComm (the InComm PSA to power and expand the Company s Mobile App, Mobile
Wallet and GPR card. InComm is a supplier of 3 rd party gift and digital content cards and Cuentas currently resells a variety
of these products through its Mobile App s Digital Store and Cuentas-SDI distribution network, with possible expansion in the future. 

4 

Under the InComm PSA, InComm is the prepaid card
processor and through its VanillaLoad network, allows the Company s cardholders for a small fee, to reload their Cuentas Mobile
Wallet through a nationwide network of retailers including Walmart, 7-Eleven, Walgreens, CVS Pharmacy, Rite Aid, Dollar General and many
more. In addition, the Company plans to extend the cash reload component of the Wallet through a select number of bodegas 
in the Cuentas-SDI network to increase its market penetration and profitability. 

Under the InComm PSA, InComm provides processing
services, telephone support, data storage services, account servicing, reporting, output and hot carding services to the Company. Cuentas
pays InComm monthly fees for its support as well as anti-fraud and compliance services. Processing services consist mainly of authorization
and transaction processing services. InComm also processes authorizations for transactions made with or on prepaid products, along with
any payments or adjustments made to prepaid products. InComm also processes the Company s data and post entries in accordance with
the specifications. Data storage services consist mainly of storage of the Company s data in a format that is accessible online
by the Company through APIs designated by InComm, subject to additional API and data sharing terms and conditions. InComm also provides
Web/API services for prepaid Cuentas GPR applications and transactions. 

Cuentas
SDI, LLC 

Cuentas
SDI, LLC (the Cuentas-SDI was incorporated in the State of Florida on January 4, 2022 and was a wholly owned subsidiary
of SDI Black 011, Inc. SDI Black ). Cuentas-SDI is engaged in the business of electronic distribution and sales of virtual
products via its Black 011 portal located at Yonkers, NY. Its electronic products range from prepaid wireless SIM activation, International
mobile recharge services and international long distance phone services. During 2020, Cuentas-SDI also started sales of general merchandise
to its retail reseller customers. Cuentas-SDI owns the assets of Black Wireless MVNO, Black 011 Long distance platform and operations
and the SDI Black distribution platform and network of over 31,000 bodegas and convenience stores. 

On
May 27, 2022, the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement with SDI Black, the holders of all the membership interests
of SDI Black and Cuentas-SDI, for the acquisition of 19.99 of the membership interests of Cuentas-SDI in exchange for 750,000. Cuentas
also had the right to close on the potential acquisition of the remaining 80.01 of the membership interests of Cuentas SDI within 60
days in exchange for a purchase price of an additional 2,459,000 which the Company did not exercise. 

The
Company is working with a Vendor-Client relationship with Cuentas-SDI, who uses Least Cost Routing (LCR) to decide which vendor provides
the products for sale. The LCR platform will determine the percentage and quantity of revenue that is realized between Cuentas and Cuentas-SDI 

The Cuentas Ecosystem 

Cuentas goal is to offer the consumer a
one-stop shop, easy to use, Mobile App Mobile wallet with Mastercard rails that can provide new, important financial
services and solve many of their daily needs and desires while saving the users time and money. 

Approved Cuentas accountholders will have a Prepaid
Mastercard acceptable wherever Mastercard debit cards are accepted and can have their paychecks or certain
government benefits checks directly deposited to their account associated with the card, with funds available for use on the card up to
2 days earlier than standard direct deposits. Furthermore, the Cuentas card has ATM access through the nationwide Pulse Network which
provides access to over 500,000 ATMs in the U.S. and many more worldwide. (source: pulsenetwork.com) 

The Cuentas Digital Store in the Mobile App will
allow accountholders to purchase certain mainstream gift cards for use in a variety of stores, online portals and transit agencies 
many at discounted prices. Accountholders can also Top Up or prepay their mobile phone accounts and also do the same for
friends family living in the US or overseas. 

Cuentas Mobile 

Cuentas Mobile is our Mobile Virtual Network Operator MVNO trade name, which provided Cuentas Mobile branded mobile phones along with attractively priced prepaid voice, text,
and data mobile phone services to a limited customer base. Cuentas, through M M is negotiating to sell mobile services as an MVNO
throug an operator on the largest 5G nationwide network from one of the top 3 mobile carriers. Cuentas
Mobile will continue to operate a virtual telecommunications network providing mobile voice, text, and data services with essentially
the same quality as other MVNOs such as Cricket, Boost, Simple, Ultra, Mint, and Lyca Mobile which have been successful at creating brands,
without owning the towers, hardware or network. Cuentas is currently reactivating distribution through grass roots retailers that normally
interact with Cuentas target audience, specifically offering low-cost mobile phone service with the ability to make international
calls to specific Spanish speaking countries in Central and South America. 

We believe that our potential customers will migrate
away from legacy telephone and banking systems to enhanced mobility solutions. The Company s technological advantage and the synergies
created by its combination of a reloadable debit card and a holder of mobile virtual network operator rights will make its products increasingly
useful to unbanked, under-banked, under-served and other emerging niche markets. 

Meimoun Mammon LLC 

Meimoun Mammon LLC M M is
a retail provider of domestic and international long-distance voice, text, and data telephony services to consumers in the United States
and throughout the world. M M holds International and Domestic Section 214 authority issued by the FCC. M M operates the retail
Tel3 business as a separate division. Tel3 has been a prepaid long distance provider for many years and provides direct and indirect access
to Latino and immigrant communities across the US as it provides them with quality international communications services. 

5 

LSI
Group S.A. LSI 

On
Aug 31, 2022, Cuentas signed a 1-year agreement which is extendable to 3 years total with completion of certain milestones. LSI will
market the US based Cuentas Prepaid Debit Card and Mobile App in countries including El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras with plans to
expand to South America, starting with Colombia, with the goal to sign 200,000 US-based Cuentas customers in 1 year for international
cross-border remittances. As of date, the Company has not generated revenues through LSI. 

Regulatory Compliance 

We operate in an ever-evolving and complex legal
and regulatory environment. We, the products and services that we offer and market, and those for which we provide processing services,
are subject to a variety of federal, state and foreign laws and regulations, including, but not limited to: federal communications laws
and regulations; foreign jurisdiction communications laws and regulations; federal anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including
the Patriot Act, the BSA, anti-terrorist financing laws and anti-bribery and corrupt practice laws and regulations in the U.S., and similar
international laws and regulations, including the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act in Canada; state unclaimed
property laws and money transmitter or similar licensing requirements; federal and state consumer protection laws, including the CARD
Act, and the Dodd-Frank Act, and regulations relating to privacy and data security; and foreign jurisdiction payment services industry
regulations. 

Our subsidiary M M is subject to regulation
by the FCC and other government agencies and task forces. M M holds International and Domestic Section 214 licenses issued by the
FCC, which may be suspended or revoked by the FCC if M M does not strictly comply with all applicable regulations and the terms and
conditions under which the International and Domestic Section 214 licenses were issued. M M is also subject to certain foreign jurisdiction
communications laws and regulations as it provides limited access to its prepaid calling platform internationally . We believe that we,
including our subsidiaries, are currently operating in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, but there is no certainty
that laws and regulations affecting our business will not change. Any such change of laws and regulations applicable to our business might
adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan and achieve profitable operating results. 

At the federal level, Congress and federal regulatory
agencies have enacted and implemented new laws and regulations that affect the prepaid industry, such the CARD Act and FinCEN s
Prepaid Access Rule. Moreover, there are currently proposals before Congress that could further substantially change the way banks, including
prepaid card issuing banks and other financial services companies, are regulated and are permitted to offer their products to consumers.
Non-bank financial services companies, including money transmitters and prepaid access providers, are now regulated at the federal level
by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ), which began operations in July 2011, bringing additional uncertainty
to the regulatory system and its impact on our business. We are increasingly facing more stringent anti-money laundering rules and regulations,
compliance with which may increase our costs of operation, decrease our operating revenues and disrupt our business. Sutton bank performs
routine AML, KYC, OFAC in consultation with Cuentas and IDology and other compliance review and searches throughout Cuentas registration
and operational processes. Abuse of our prepaid products for purposes of financing sanctioned countries, terrorist funding, bribery or
corruption could cause reputational or other harm that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. Failure to comply with, or further expansion of, consumer protection regulations could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Failure by us to comply with federal banking regulation may subject us
to fines and penalties and our relationships with our issuing banks may be harmed. 

Most states regulate the business of sellers of
traveler s checks, money orders, drafts and other monetary instruments, which we refer to collectively as money transmitters. While
many states expressly exempt banks and their agents from regulation as money transmitters, others purport to regulate the money transmittal
businesses of bank agents or do not extend exemptions to non-branch bank agents. In those states where we are required to be licensed,
we are subject to direct supervision and regulation by the relevant state banking departments or similar agencies charged with enforcement
of the money transmitter statutes and must comply with various restrictions and requirements, such as those related to the maintenance
of certain levels of net worth, surety bonding, selection and oversight of our authorized delegates, permissible investments in an amount
equal to our outstanding payment obligations with respect to some of the products subject to licensure, recordkeeping and reporting, and
disclosures to consumers. We are also subject to periodic examinations by the relevant licensing authorities, which may include reviews
of our compliance practices, policies and procedures, financial position and related records, various agreements that we have with our
issuing banks, retail distribution partners and other third parties, privacy and data security policies and procedures, and other matters
related to our business. As a regulated entity, Cuentas may incur significant costs associated with regulatory compliance. We anticipate
that compliance costs and requirements will increase in the future for our regulated subsidiaries and that additional subsidiaries will
need to become subject to these or new regulations. If we fail to maintain our existing money transmitter licenses or permits, or fail
to obtain new licenses or permits in a timely manner, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially
and adversely affected. 

Marketing 

The Cuentas Mobile App, Mobile Wallet and Prepaid
Mastercard will be predominantly marketed via digital and traditional media channels. Cuentas expects to use a combination
of internal resources as well as third parties for our marketing efforts. 

The digital marketing placements will include
social media, SEO (Search Engine Optimization), internet, geo fencing, online streaming providers, influencers, and other digital providers.
Traditional marketing efforts include media such as radio, TV, print, billboards, bus wraps, bus benches, TV, radio, etc. 

Media
spend is distributed amongst these marketing vehicles and adjusted as acquisition data is received. Our initial program is designed to
test creative, geo targeting and formats. Once feedback is analyzed, spending will be optimized to enhance efficiency and cost of acquisition.
Vertical market integration and partnerships will also be developed to augment growth and stability. 

6 

Marketing
strategies for customer acquisition have focused on key markets, targeted audiences, lifestyle fit, brand awareness, key metrics and
go-to-market plans, especially where Hispanic Latino groups are concentrated, such as Southern California, Texas, New York, Florida,
Arizona and New Mexico. The marketing relationship with the indoor professional MASL (Major Arena Soccer League) soccer league for the
2022-2023 season has introduced the Cuentas brand and services to sports fans throughout the 14 team cities, with additional reach through
streaming of the pro soccer games through the Twitch streaming network. The demographics of soccer fans is directly in line with Cuentas 
target audience. 

Cuentas
will promote the newly integrated POS capabilities in its ecosystem and market these services to the 30,000 bodegas and convenience stores
in the network, with the possibility of upgrading a select number of them to neighborhood financial centers to be able to load cash to
the Cuentas prepaid debit card and provide other financial services. 

Entry into a Joint-Venture Agreement with
WaveMAX Corporation WaveMax 

On July 21, 2021, the Company and WaveMAX entered
into a Definitive Joint-Venture Agreement (the Agreement ). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company and WaveMax formed CuentasMax
LLC on Dec 8, 2021, a joint venture CUENTASMAX which would install WiFi6 shared network WSN systems
in up to 1,000 retail locations in the New York metropolitan tristate area using access points and small cells to provide users with
access to the WSN (the JV Project ). The WSN will allow CUENTASMAX to generate location-based advertising configured by advertisers
using WaveMAX s advertising dashboard technology directly to users over the WSN, could permit users to pay a service fee for ad-free
access to the WSN. The ownership and management of CUENTASMAX shall be as follows: 50 to the Company, 25 to WaveMAX and 25 to Consultoria
y Asesoria de Redes, S.A. de C.V. Execon ). Execon currently manages approximately 20,000 WiFi endpoints with WaveMax in
Mexico. Each of the Company and WaveMAX agreed to fund 120,000 (for a total of 240,000) initially upon execution of the Agreement .
In addition, each of the Company and WaveMAX has agreed to fund an additional 127,500 over the succeeding five months, in each case,
subject to approval of each party s board of directors. The expenses of the JV Project shall include acquiring the Access Points
hardware, the installation and configuration of the Access Points hardware for use with the broadband internet service at each Retail
Location, entering into the necessary agreements with the Retail Locations, instore marketing and promotion of the WSN program, and expenses
relating to commercialization of the digital advertising program. The Board of Directors of CUENTASMAX shall initially be comprised of
four persons, two designated by the Company, one designated by WaveMAX, and one designated by Execon. The officers of CUENTASMAX shall
be the persons from time to time designated by mutual agreement of the Company and WaveMAX, with the initial officers to be determined.
It is hoped that up to 1,000 high traffic, prime location convenience stores and bodegas (small community markets) will
be signed up in conjunction with the Company s distribution network that sells prepaid debit card, e-store, e-wallet and digital
services. A fee of 2 (two percent) of the net revenue of CUENTASMAX will be paid by CUENTASMAX on a monthly basis as a commission to
Innovateur Management SAPI de CV. WaveMAX grants CUENTASMAX exclusive rights to use and deploy the WaveMAX Technology, including any and
all patents owned or to be owned by WaveMAX and any and all related enhancements or applications of the WaveMAX Technology and any and
all prior and subsequent improvements and/or new technology developed by WaveMAX solely in the Company s BODEGAS network throughout
the United States. The parties have agreed to expand CUENTASMAX to other areas of the U.S. once the current deployment is in progress
or has been completed. As of date, CuentasMax has installed 30 WiFi6 Access Points in New York City, Los Angeles, and Puerto Rico at different
small businesses including Bodegas, restaurants, beauty salons and gas stations. CuentasMax also has pilot project agreements with the
Bodega Association and Business Group in NYC, Benelisha Group in LA, and Top Gasoline Inc in Puerto Rico. As of December 31,2022, the
Company funded 80,000 in CUENTASMAX and recorded equity losses in the amount of 52,000. 

Entry into a Joint-Venture Agreement with
Benelisha Group, Inc. Benelisha 

On August 4, 2021, the Company and Benelisha entered
into a Definitive Marketing and Promotion Agreement (the Benelisha Agreement ). Pursuant to the Benelisha Agreement, the
Company and Benelisha will market and promote Cuentas GPR cards and the mobile phone application DC/MA products to Benelisha
customers. During the term of the Benelisha Agreement, Benelisha s goal is to register Benelisha customers to become active users
of the Cuentas DC/MA products. The Company hopes to complete technical and program integration to be able to launch in Q2 of 2023. 

If Benelisha reaches these milestone goals, it
will be rewarded with Most Favored Nation (MFN) status along with compensation consisting of 32 of Net Revenue from new cardholders that
Benelisha registers and maintains on the Cuentas GPR Platform. After year 3, Benelisha may continue to maintain MFN status by registering
50,000 new cardholders each year. If Benelisha does not maintain MFN status, it will still receive compensation of 32 of net revenue
for the active cardholders it maintains. 

Acquisition
of a 6 equity position in Lakewood Village 

On
March 7, 2023 Cuentas announced that it had completed the acquisition of a 6 equity position in Lakewood Village, the first sustainable
rental housing project developed in the US using a patented MCFR Mineral Composite Fiber Reinforced Construction Technology that has
been approved for hurricane-prone areas as such in Florida. The Lakewood Village project is an affordable multi-family real estate development
located in Lake Worth, Palm Beach County, Florida, consisting of 96 apartments that are 2 and 3 bedrooms. An independent appraisal has
valued the project, once completed, at approx. 25M, equating the Company s equity position at approx. 1.5M. This investment will
produce monthly income, expected to be about 100k per year or more. Due to the success of the Lakewood project, the Company has made
plans to develop additional affordable real estate projects under the CuentasCasa brand and has entered negotiations to initiate other
projects, initially in South Florida. 

Entry
into a supply agreement with Renco USA 

In
March 2023, the Company also signed a 10 year supply agreement with Renco USA, Inc, the provider of the innovative, green, structural
construction technology components used in the Lakewood Village project, which is hurricane proof (up to CAT 5) and earthquake proof
(Seismic Cat A B soon C, D E). Renco USA has the exclusive rights in the USA to the patented process. The Renco Wall,
Floor and Roofing System is a unique MCFR Building System that creates interlocking, fiber reinforced, composite building blocks and
other construction related products that can be connected in an almost limitless variety of designs. Renco s system can be used
to create homes, apartment buildings, hotels, office buildings, warehouses, infrastructure products and more. 

7 

Corporate Information 

We were incorporated in Florida on September 21,
2005. Our principal executive offices are located at 235 Lincoln Rd., Suite 210, Miami Beach, Florida 33139, and our telephone number
is (800) 611-3622. Our corporate website address is www.cuentas.com. The information contained on or accessible through our website is
not a part of this prospectus, and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus is an inactive textual reference only. 

Reverse Split and Offering 

On
February 6, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with an institutional
investor (the Investor for the purpose of raising approximately 5 million in gross proceeds for the Company. Pursuant
to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to sell, in a registered direct offering, an aggregate of (i) 163,344 shares
(the Shares of the Company s common stock Common Stock and (ii) pre-warrants to purchase up to 128,031
shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants and such shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded
Warrants, the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares and, in a concurrent private placement, warrants (the Purchase Warrants to purchase 291,375 shares of Common Stock (the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Purchase Warrants, the Purchase
Warrant Shares ). The combined purchase price per Share and Purchase Warrant
is 17.16 and the combined purchase price per Pre-Funded Warrant and Purchase Warrant of 17.16. 

The
Pre-Funded Warrants were sold, in lieu of shares of Common Stock, to any Investor whose purchase of shares of Common Stock in the Registered
Offering would otherwise result in such Investor, together with its affiliates and certain related parties, beneficially owning more
than 4.99 (or, at such Investor s option upon issuance, 9.99 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock immediately following
the consummation of the Registered Offering. Each Pre-Funded Warrant represents the right to purchase one share of Common Stock at an
exercise price of 0.0001 per share. The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable immediately and may be exercised at any time until the Pre-Funded
Warrants are exercised in full. 

The
Purchase Warrants will be exercisable on the six-month anniversary of the issuance date and will expire five and one-half years following
the date of issuance at an exercise price of 17.36 per share. 

The
closing of the sales of these securities under the Purchase Agreement occured on or about
February 8, 2023, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions. 

H.C.
Wainwright Co., LLC Wainwright is acting as exclusive placement agent for the offering pursuant to an engagement
agreement between the Company and Wainwright dated as of December 13, 2022. As compensation for such placement agent services, the Company
has agreed to pay Wainwright an aggregate cash fee equal to 7.0 of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the offering, plus
a management fee equal to 1.0 of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the offerings, a non-accountable expense of 65,000
and 15,950 for clearing expenses. The Company has also agreed to issue to Wainwright or its designees warrants to purchase 20,396 shares
of Common Stock (the PA Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the PA Warrants,
the PA Warrant Shares ). The PA Warrants have a term of five years from the commencement
of sales in the offering, and have an exercise price of 23.17 per share. The fair market of those warrants was 267 thousand
as of date of issuance. 

The
net proceeds to the Company from the registered direct offering and concurrent private placement, after deducting the Placement Agent s
fees and expenses and the Company s offering expenses was approximately 4.3 million. 

On
February 7, 2023 the investor exercised 67,800 Pre-Funded Warrants and in March 13, 2023 the investor exercised 60,231 Pre-Funded Warrants. 

As
previously disclosed, on June 21, 2022, the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Staff (the Staff issued the Company a delist
letter citing its failure to comply with the minimum bid price requirement under Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). In accordance with Listing
Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company was provided 180 calendar days, or until December 19, 2022, to regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2).
On December 20, 2022, Staff notified the Company that it had determined to delist the Company as it did not comply with bid price requirement
for listing on the Exchange. On December 27, 2022, the Company requested a hearing, which was held on February 9, 2023. On February 28,
2023, the Company announced that it received on February 23 formal notification from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq indicating that the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel had determined to grant the Company s request for continued
listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, pursuant to an extension through April 6, 2023, to evidence compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule
5550(a)(2) (the Bid Price Rule ). Such extension is subject to the conditions that (1) on or before March 23, 2023, the
Company shall effect a reverse stock split at a ratio that is sufficient to ensure compliance with the Bid Price Rule and (2) on April
6, 2023, the Company shall have demonstrated compliance with the Bid Price Rule, by evidencing a closing bid price of 1 or more per
share for a minimum of ten consecutive trading sessions. The Company is taking definitive steps to timely evidence compliance with the
terms of the Panel s decision; however, there can be no assurance that it will be able to do so by April 6, 2023, or that the Panel
will grant a further extension if required. 

On
March 24, 2023, the Company completed a reverse stock split of its common stock. As a result of the reverse stock split, the following
changes have occurred (i) every thirteen shares of common stock have been combined into one share of common stock; (ii) the number of
shares of common stock underlying each common stock option or common stock warrant have been proportionately decreased on a 13-for-1
basis, and the exercise price of each such outstanding stock option and common warrant has been proportionately increased on a 13-for-1
basis. Accordingly, all option numbers, share numbers, warrant numbers, share prices, warrant prices, exercise prices and losses per
share have been adjusted within these consolidated financial statements, on a retroactive basis, to reflect this 13-for-1 reverse stock
split. 

8 

The Company 2021
Share Incentive Plan 

On June 17, 2021 the Board of the Company approved
the Cuentas Inc. 2021 Share Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). which was approved by the shareholders during the Annual Shareholders
Meeting held on December 15, 2021. The maximum number of shares of stock reserved and available for issuance under the 2021 Plan is 124,231 shares.
The 2021 Plan is designed to enable the flexibility to grant equity awards to the Company s officers, employees, directors and consultants
as determined by the Company s Compensation Committee. 

Employees 

As of March 31, 2023, our management team consisted of the Interim
Chief Executive Officer, Interim President, and Chief Financial Officer. We have an additional three full-time employees: our Compliance
Officer, IT Director, and Executive Assistant. For more information relating to the employment agreements, please see the section below
entitled Item 11. Executive Compensation . 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing in our securities involves a high degree
of risk. Before deciding whether to invest in our securities, you should carefully consider the risk factors we describe below, in any
prospectus supplement and in any related free writing prospectus for a specific offering of securities, as well as those incorporated
by reference into this prospectus or such prospectus supplement. You should also carefully consider other information contained
and incorporated by reference in this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement, including our financial statements and the
related notes thereto incorporated by reference in this prospectus. The risks and uncertainties described herein and in the applicable
prospectus supplement and our other filings with the SEC incorporated by reference herein are not the only ones we face. Additional risks
and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may also adversely affect us. If any of the described
risks occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially harmed. In such case, the value of our securities
could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

While we have entered into a binding letter
of intent with SDI Black, we have not entered into negotiations for a purchase and sale agreement therewith and we cannot assure you that
the transactions contemplated by our letter of intent will be consummated or, that if such transactions are consummated, they will be
accretive to stockholder value. 

We entered into the LOI with SDI Black pursuant
to which we agreed to explore an acquisition of the Purchased Assets from SDI Black. However, the LOI did not include many of the material
terms to any potential transaction with SDI Black and there is no guarantee that we will agree to terms or definitive documentation with
SDI Black in order to effect the proposed transaction. Further, even if we are able to agree to terms with SDI Black for a transaction,
there is no guarantee that the terms will be favorable to our stockholders, that the transaction will be completed in the time frame or
in the manner currently anticipated, or that we will recognize the anticipated benefits of the transaction. 

We may engage in future acquisitions or
strategic transactions, including the transaction with SDI Black, which may require us to seek additional financing or financial commitments,
increase our expenses and/or present significant distractions to our management. 

As described herein, we have recently entered
into a LOI to acquire the Purchased Assets from SDI Black which enables us to conduct due diligence and negotiate the terms of a definitive
purchase and sale agreement. In the event we engage in an acquisition or strategic transaction, we may need to acquire additional financing
(particularly, if the acquired entity is not cash flow positive or does not have significant cash on hand). Obtaining financing through
the issuance or sale of additional equity and/or debt securities, if possible, may not be at favorable terms and may result in additional
dilution to our current stockholders. Additionally, any such transaction may require us to incur non-recurring or other charges, may increase
our near and long-term expenditures and may pose significant integration challenges or disrupt our management or business, which could
adversely affect our operations and financial results. For example, an acquisition or strategic transaction may entail numerous operational
and financial risks, including the risks outlined above and additionally: 

exposure to unknown liabilities; 

disruption of our business
and diversion of our management s time and attention in order to develop acquired products or technologies; 

higher than expected acquisition
and integration costs; 

write-downs of assets or goodwill
or impairment charges; 

increased amortization expenses; 

difficulty and cost in combining
the operations and personnel of any acquired businesses with our operations and personnel; 

impairment of relationships
with key suppliers or customers of any acquired businesses due to changes in management and ownership; and 

inability to retain key employees of any acquired businesses. 

9 

Accordingly, although there can be no assurance
that we will undertake or successfully complete any transactions of the nature described above, and any transactions that we do complete
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Risks Related to the Company 

We have a limited operating history and
therefore we cannot ensure, either in the near- or long-term, that we will be able to generate cash flow or profit. 

We have a limited operating history upon which
you may evaluate our business and an investment in our Common Stock may entail significantly more risk than the shares of Common Stock
of a company with a substantial operating history. Our ability to successfully develop our products, and to realize consistent, meaningful
revenues and profit has not been established and cannot be assured. For us to achieve success, our products must receive broader market
acceptance by consumers. Without this market acceptance, we will not be able to generate sufficient revenue to continue our business operation.
If our products are not widely accepted by the market, our business may fail. 

Our ability to achieve and maintain profitability
and positive cash flow is dependent upon our ability to generate revenues, manage development costs and expenses, and compete successfully
with our direct and indirect competitors. 

Our business operations are subject to numerous
risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties associated with early stage enterprises. You should consider an investment in our company
in light of these risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties. Such risks include: the absence of a lengthy operating history; insufficient
capital to fully realize our operating plan; our ability to anticipate and adapt to a developing market; a competitive environment characterized
by well-capitalized competitors; our ability to identify, attract and retain qualified personnel; our reliance on key management personnel. 

Because we are subject to these risks, evaluating
our business may be difficult. We may be unable to successfully overcome these risks, which could harm our business and prospects. Our
business strategy may be unsuccessful and we may be unable to address the risks we face in a cost-effective manner, if at all. If we are
unable to successfully address these risks, there may be an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition
and cash flows. 

We may never achieve profitability from
operations or generate sufficient cash flows to make or sustain distributions to our shareholders. 

We may never achieve profitability from operations.
Even if we do achieve profitability, we cannot assure you that we will be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or
annual basis in the future. There can be no assurance that future operations will be profitable or that we will be able to make or sustain
distributions to our shareholders from cash from operations. Revenues and profits, if any, will depend upon various factors, including
whether we will be able to successfully implement our business plan and operating strategy. We may not achieve our business objectives
and the failure to achieve such goals would have an adverse impact on us. In addition, an inability to achieve profitability could have
a detrimental effect on the market value of our Common Stock. 

We are an early entrant in an emerging industry,
and the long-term viability of our business strategy is unproven. 

As an early entrant in this emerging Fintech industry,
we are subject to the risk that our business model and business plan may not prove to be a viable long-term business strategy. If it turns
out that our strategy is not a viable long-term business strategy, we may not be able to generate meaningful cash flows, which would materially
and adversely affect the viability of our business and stock price. 

10 

We may not be able to secure sufficient
capital to effectively execute our business plan. 

We may not be able to attract and obtain sufficient
capital from the equity and debt markets, or any other capital markets, to execute our business plan and grow our business. If we do not
have access to sufficient funding in the future, we may not be able to make necessary capital expenditures necessary to execute our business
plan, and in that event our ability to generate revenue may be significantly impaired. 

COVID-19 and its impact on businesses and
financial markets could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus
was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout China and other parts of the world, including
the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease COVID-19 a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M.
Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on
March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic . A significant outbreak of COVID-19
and other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets
worldwide, as well as our business and operations. COVID- 19 effectively reduced our capability to acquire accounts holders as a significant
portion of our target demographic lost their ability to earn wages and subsequently could not load funds to our product. If the disruptions
posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our business and results of operations
may be materially adversely affected. 

We are involved in various litigation matters
that are expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Any litigation to which we are a party may result
in an onerous or unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal, or we may decide to settle lawsuits on similarly unfavorable
terms. Any such negative outcome could result in payments of substantial monetary damages or fines, or changes to our products or business
practices, and accordingly our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. See
 Business-Legal Proceedings for a description of certain litigation involving the Company. 

Although the results of lawsuits and claims cannot
be predicted with certainty, we do not believe that the final outcome of those matters that we currently face will have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. However, defending these claims is costly and can impose a significant
burden on management and employees, and we may receive unfavorable preliminary or interim rulings in the course of litigation, which could
adversely affect the market price of our securities. There can be no assurances that a favorable final outcome will be obtained in all
cases. 

Operating our business on a larger scale
could result in substantial increases in our expenses. 

As our business grows in size and complexity,
we can provide no assurance that we can successfully enter new markets or grow our business without incurring significant additional expenses,
that our management platform will ultimately prove to be scalable, and/or that we will be able to achieve economies of scale or we will
be able to operate our business on a larger scale than the scale on which we have historically operated. 

We
are substantially dependent on the CIMA Technical and Back-End support, which may be terminated under certain circumstances. 

On
December 31, 2019, the Company entered into the CIMA License Agreement, pursuant to which the Company has a perpetual, exclusive, non-transferable,
non-sublicensable, royalty-free license to access and use the CIMA Licensed Technology in the form provided to the Company via the Hosting
Services. Pursuant to Section 6 of the Amended Settlement Agreement executed December 28, 2022, the License expired on November 30, 2022
and is extended for technical support and back-end services to a comparable level on a month by month basis as the Company coordinates
its transition to an alternative platform.., We could lose access to the licensed technology that comprise the Cuentas technology platform
prior to the complete transition, which will have a significant impact on our business, operations and financial results. 

11 

Security breaches and other disruptions
could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 

In the ordinary course of our business we use
sophisticated call processing engines and other sophisticated telecommunications technology platforms, and we acquire and store sensitive
data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and personally identifiable information of our prospective
and current tenants, our employees and third-party service providers on our networks and website. The secure processing and maintenance
of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Despite our security measures, our information technology and
infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach
could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access,
disclosure or other loss of information could result in revenue losses, legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect
the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, disruption to our operations and the services we provide to customers or damage
our reputation, which could adversely affect our results of operations and competitive position. 

We are dependent on our executive officers
and dedicated personnel, and the departure of any of our key personnel could materially and adversely affect us. 

We rely on a small number of persons to carry
out our business and investment strategies. An Executive Search Committee has been established to evaluate and propose qualified executive
candidates for approval by the Board of Directors. Any member of our senior management may cease to provide services to us at any time.
The loss of the services of any of our key management personnel, or our inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future,
could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. As we expand, we will continue to need to attract and retain qualified
additional senior management but may not be able to do so on acceptable terms or at all. Cuentas does not yet have but intends to have
key man life insurance policies in place. 

12 

We are subject to regulation which may adversely
affect our ability to execute our business plan. 

We operate in an ever-evolving and complex legal
and regulatory environment. We, the products and services that we offer and market, and those for which we provide processing services,
are subject to a variety of federal, state and foreign laws and regulations, including, but not limited to: federal communications laws
and regulations; foreign jurisdiction communications laws and regulations; federal anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including
the USA PATRIOT Act (the Patriot Act ), the Bank Secrecy Act (the BSA ), anti-terrorist financing laws and anti-bribery
and corrupt practice laws and regulations in the U.S., and similar international laws and regulations, including the Proceeds of Crime
(Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act in Canada; state unclaimed property laws and money transmitter or similar licensing requirements;
federal and state consumer protection laws, including the Credit Card Accountability, Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 (the CARD
Act ), and the Durbin Amendment to Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act ),
and regulations relating to privacy and data security; and foreign jurisdiction payment services industry regulations. We believe that
we are currently operating in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, but there is no certainty that laws and regulations
affecting our business will not change. Any such change of laws and regulations applicable to our business might adversely affect our
ability to execute our business plan and achieve profitable operating results. 

We are subject to Anti-Money Laundering
Regulation. 

We are subject to a comprehensive federal anti-money
laundering regulatory regime that is constantly evolving. The anti-money laundering regulations to which we are subject include the BSA,
as amended by the Patriot Act, which criminalizes the financing of terrorism and enhances existing BSA regimes through: (a) expanding
AML program requirements to certain delineated financial institutions; (b) strengthening customer identification procedures; (c) prohibiting
financial institutions from engaging in business with foreign shell banks; (d) requiring financial institutions to have due diligence
procedures and, where appropriate, enhanced due diligence procedures for foreign correspondent and private banking accounts; and (e) improving
information sharing between financial institutions and the U.S. government. Pursuant to the BSA, we have instituted a Customer Identification
Program, (CIP). The CIP is incorporated into our BSA/anti-money laundering compliance program. We are increasingly facing more stringent
anti-money laundering rules and regulations, compliance with which may increase our costs of operation, decrease our operating revenues
and disrupt our business for additional information. Cuentas is or may become subject to reporting and recordkeeping requirements
related to anti-money laundering compliance obligations arising under the Patriot Act and its implementing regulations. In addition, provisions
of the BSA enacted by the Prepaid Access Rule issued by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN ), impose certain
obligations, such as registration and collection of consumer information, on providers of certain prepaid access programs,
including the prepaid products issued by Cuentas and our issuing banks for which we serve as program manager. In order to qualify for
certain exclusions under the Prepaid Access Rule, some of our content providers were required to modify operational elements of their
products, such as limiting the amount that can be loaded onto a card in any one day. In addition, pursuant to the Prepaid Access Rule,
Cuentas and some of our retail distribution partners have adopted policies and procedures to prevent the sale of more than 10,000 in
prepaid access (including closed loop and open loop products that fall under the monetary thresholds outlined above) to any one person
during any one day. 

We are subject to Consumer Protection Regulation. 

We are subject to various federal, state and foreign
consumer protection laws, including those related to unfair and deceptive trade practices as well as privacy and data security. Failure
to comply with, or further expansion of, consumer protection regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. A data security breach could expose us to liability and protracted and costly litigation, and could
adversely affect our reputation and operating revenues. 

13 

We are subject to Federal Regulation. 

At the federal level, Congress and federal regulatory
agencies have enacted and implemented new laws and regulations that affect the prepaid industry, such the CARD Act and FinCEN s
Prepaid Access Rule. Moreover, there are currently proposals before Congress that could further substantially change the way banks, including
prepaid card issuing banks and other financial services companies, are regulated and are permitted to offer their products to consumers.
Non-bank financial services companies, including money transmitters and prepaid access providers, are now regulated at the federal level
by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ), which began operations in July 2011, bringing additional uncertainty
to the regulatory system and its impact on our business. We are increasingly facing more stringent anti-money laundering rules and regulations,
compliance with which may increase our costs of operation, decrease our operating revenues and disrupt our business. Abuse of our prepaid
products for purposes of financing sanctioned countries, terrorist funding, bribery or corruption could cause reputational or other harm
that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Failure to comply with, or further
expansion of, consumer protection regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. Failure by us to comply with federal banking regulation may subject us to fines and penalties and our relationships with our
issuing banks may be harmed. 

We are subject to Money Transmitter Licenses
or Permits . 

Most states regulate the business of sellers of
traveler s checks, money orders, drafts and other monetary instruments, which we refer to collectively as money transmitters. While
many states expressly exempt banks and their agents from regulation as money transmitters, others purport to regulate the money transmittal
businesses of bank agents or do not extend exemptions to non-branch bank agents. In those states where we are required to be licensed,
we are subject to direct supervision and regulation by the relevant state banking departments or similar agencies charged with enforcement
of the money transmitter statutes and must comply with various restrictions and requirements, such as those related to the maintenance
of certain levels of net worth, surety bonding, selection and oversight of our authorized delegates, permissible investments in an amount
equal to our outstanding payment obligations with respect to some of the products subject to licensure, recordkeeping and reporting, and
disclosures to consumers. We are also subject to periodic examinations by the relevant licensing authorities, which may include reviews
of our compliance practices, policies and procedures, financial position and related records, various agreements that we have with our
issuing banks, retail distribution partners and other third parties, privacy and data security policies and procedures, and other matters
related to our business. As a regulated entity, Cuentas may incur significant costs associated with regulatory compliance. We anticipate
that compliance costs and requirements will increase in the future for our regulated subsidiaries and that additional subsidiaries will
need to become subject to these or new regulations. If we fail to maintain our existing money transmitter licenses or permits, or fail
to obtain new licenses or permits in a timely manner, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially
and adversely affected. 

We are subject to Privacy Regulation. 

In the ordinary course of our business, we collect
and store or may collect and store personally identifiable information about customers, holders of our cards, subscribers, and users.
This information may include names, addresses, email addresses, social security numbers, driver s license numbers and account numbers.
We also maintain or may maintain a database of cardholder data for our proprietary cards relating to specific transactions, including
account numbers, in order to process transactions and prevent fraud. These activities subject us to certain privacy and information security
laws, regulations and rules in the United States, including, for example, the privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its
implementing regulations, various other federal and state privacy and information security statutes and regulations, and the Payment Card
Industry Data Security Standard. These federal and state laws, as well as our agreements with our issuing banks, contain restrictions
relating to the collection, processing, storage, disposal, use and disclosure of personal information, and require that we have in place
policies regarding information privacy and security. We have in effect a privacy policy relating to personal information provided to us
in connection with requests for information or services, and we continue to work with our issuing banks and other third parties to update
policies and programs and adapt our business practices in order to comply with applicable privacy laws and regulations. Certain state
laws also require us to notify affected individuals of certain kinds of security breaches of computer databases that contain their personal
information. These laws may also require us to notify state law enforcement, regulators or consumer reporting agencies in the event of
a data breach. Failure to comply with, or further expansion of, consumer protection regulations could have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations and financial condition. A data security breach could expose us to liability and protracted and costly
litigation, and could adversely affect our reputation and operating revenues. 

14 

We are subject to Card Association and Network
Organization Rules. 

In addition to the federal, state, local, and
foreign jurisdiction laws and regulations discussed above, we, Cuentas and our issuing banks, are also subject to card association and
debit network rules and standards. The operating rules govern a variety of areas, including how consumers and merchants may use their
cards and data security. Each card association and network organization audits us from time to time to ensure our compliance with these
standards. Noncompliance with these rules or standards due to our acts or omissions or the acts or omissions of businesses that work with
us could result in fines and penalties or the termination of the card association registrations held by us or any of our issuing banks.
Changes in card association rules or standards set by Visa or Vanilla Reload, or changes in card association and debit network fees or
products or interchange rates, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our success depends, in part, upon our ability
to hire and retain highly skilled managerial, and operational personnel, and the past performance of our senior management may not be
indicative of future results. 

The implementation of our business plan may require
that we employ additional qualified personnel. Competition for highly skilled managerial, telecommunications, financial and operational
personnel is intense, and we cannot assure our stockholders that we will be successful in attracting and retaining such skilled personnel.
If we are unable to hire and retain qualified personnel as required, our growth and operating results could be adversely affected. 

The Company and its subsidiaries have well-financed,
well-managed competitors and may not be able to adequately compete in its market. 

Most of our competitors are larger and have greater
financial, technical, marketing, and other resources than we do. Some of our competitors have seasoned management teams with more experience
and expertise in our industry than we do. Some competitors may enjoy significant competitive advantages that result from, among other
things, having substantially more available capital, having a lower cost of capital, having greater economies of scale, and having enhanced
operating efficiencies compared to ours. 

Cuentas recently began e-commerce card operations
and is much smaller than its competitors, faces competition in the prepaid financial services industry including competitors such as American
Express, First Data, Total Systems Services, Green Dot, NetSpend, Money Network, Momentum, Blackhawk, Prepaid MasterCard, MasterCard RePower,
PayPal, Apple Pay, Amex Serve, H R Block Emerald, J.P. Morgan Chase, and others. Cuentas also faces intense competition from existing
players in the prepaid card industry. 

Cuentas Mobile will be the new marketing identity
for the new MVNO agreement starting in 2022-Q2 and will face prepaid competitors including, without limitation, AT T, Sprint, Viber,
WhatsApp, Skype, MetroPCS, TracFone, Telcel, StraightTalk, Simple Mobile, Virgin Mobile, Boost, Net 10, IDT, Boost, and others. 

M M faces competition from many strong and
well-financed competitors and other competitors, engaged in the retail termination of domestic and international long distance as well
a mobile voice, text, and data services, including, without limitation, IDT, NobelCom, Access Wireless, Boost Mobile, H2O mobile, Mint
Mobile and others. 

Cuentas Mobile will be dependent on the
performance of third-party network operators. 

MVNO operators, including Cuentas Mobile, earn
revenues by purchasing network capacity from other network operators and reselling it to end users. Cuentas Mobile will sell mobile services
starting in ________ as an MVNO that operates on the largest 5G nationwide network from one of the
top 3 mobile carriers and is dependent on the performance of its underlying provider and its network. 

To compete effectively, Cuentas needs to
improve its offerings continuously. 

Cuentas plans to begin operations shortly and
expects to be substantially smaller than its competitors. As a result, to compete effectively, Cuentas needs to improve its offerings
rapidly and continuously. 

15 

Cuentas may be unable to attract and retain
users. 

As of the date of this filing, Cuentas has an
operating history of e-commerce card business of almost three years. If Cuentas cannot increase the number of cardholders using its Cuentas
Mastercard and retain its existing cardholders, this will significantly adversely affect Cuentas operating results, revenues, financial
condition, and ability to remain in business. 

Cuentas may be adversely affected by fraudulent
activity. 

Criminals, including, without limitation, cyber-organized
criminal syndicates, and others, use increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities involving prepaid cards, reload
products, and customer information. Cuentas relies on third parties for certain transaction processing services, which subjects Cuentas
and its customers to risks related to the vulnerabilities of these third parties, as well as Cuentas own vulnerabilities to criminals
engaged in fraudulent activities. Fraudulent activity could result in the imposition of regulatory sanctions, including significant monetary
fines, which could adversely affect Cuentas business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Risks Related to an Investment in Our Securities 

Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq
could result in a de-listing of our Common Stock. 

If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements
of Nasdaq, such as the corporate governance requirements or the minimum closing bid price requirement, Nasdaq may take steps to de-list
our securities. Such a de-listing would likely have a negative effect on the price of our Common Stock and would impair your ability to
sell or purchase our Common Stock when you wish to do so. In the event of a de-listing, we would take actions to restore our compliance
with Nasdaq s listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance that any such action taken by us would allow our Common Stock
to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our Common Stock, prevent our Common Stock from dropping
below the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements. . The Company
exercised a Reverse Stock Split of 13 shares for 1 share on March 24, 2023 to bring it in compliance with Nasdaq s pricing requirements.
Nasdaq is expected to issue a final decision on the 10 th trading day after the reverse split. The Company believes it has complied
with Nasdaq s requirements but until Nasdaq delivers its decision, there is still possible risk of a de-listing. 

The market price of our Common Stock and
Warrants may be highly volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

The trading price of our Common Stock and Warrants
is likely to be volatile. This volatility may prevent you from being able to sell your securities at or above the price you paid for your
securities. Our stock price could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors, which include: 

whether we achieve our anticipated
corporate objectives; 

actual or anticipated fluctuations
in our quarterly or annual operating results; 

changes in financial or operational
estimates or projections; 

changes in the economic performance
or market valuations of companies similar to ours; and 

general economic or political
conditions in the United States or elsewhere. 

In addition, the stock market in general has experienced
extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies.
Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

16 

The financial and operational projections
and statements regarding future milestones that we may make from time to time are subject to inherent risks. 

The projections and statements regarding future
milestones that we provide herein or our management may provide from time to time reflect numerous assumptions made by management, including
assumptions with respect to our specific as well as general business, regulatory, economic, market and financial conditions and other
matters, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly, there is a risk that the assumptions
made in preparing the projections, or the projections and targeted milestones themselves, will prove inaccurate or may not be achieved.
There may be differences between actual and projected results, and actual results may be materially different from than those contained
in the projections and statements regarding future milestones. The inclusion of the projections and statements regarding future milestones
in this prospectus should not be regarded as an indication that we, our management or the underwriters considered or consider the projections
or such statements to be a guaranteed prediction of future events, and the projections and such statements should not be relied upon as
such. 

We do not expect to pay dividends for the
foreseeable future. 

We do not expect to pay dividends on our Common
Stock for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, any potential investor who anticipates the need for current dividends should not purchase
our securities. 

Our existing directors, executive officers
and principal shareholders have substantial control over us, which could limit your ability to influence the outcome of key transactions,
including a change of control. 

Our directors, executive officers, principal shareholders
and their affiliates beneficially own or control, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate, approximately 21.83 of our outstanding Common
Stock. As a result, these shareholders, acting together, could have significant influence over the outcome of matters submitted to our
shareholders for approval, including the election or removal of directors; any amendments to our articles of incorporation or bylaws;
any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets; and over the management and affairs of the Company. This
concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company or discouraging others
from making tender offers for our shares and might affect the market price of our Common Stock. 

17 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to
provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently lease office space at 235 Lincoln
Rd., Miami Beach, FL 33139 as our principal offices. We believe these facilities are in good condition and are sufficient for our current
use but may need to expand our leased space as our business efforts increase. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may become involved in various
lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties,
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. 

On May 1, 2019, the Company received a notice
of demand for arbitration from Secure IP Telecom, Inc. Secure IP ), who allegedly had a Reciprocal Carrier Services Agreement RCS exclusively with Limecom and not with the Company. The arbitration demand originated from another demand for arbitration
that Secure IP received from VoIP Capital International VoIP in March 2019, demanding 1,052,838.09 in damages allegedly
caused by unpaid receivables that Limecom assigned to VoIP based on the RCS. On June 5, 2020, Secure IP filed a complaint against Limecom,
Heritage Ventures Limited Heritage ), an unrelated third party and owner of Limecom, and the Company. The complaint primarily
concerns alleged indebtedness owed Secure IP by Limecom. Secure IP also alleges that the Company received certain transfers of funds
which it alleges may be an avoidable transfer under Florida Statute 725.105 up to 1,052,838.09. The Company is contemplating filing
a motion to dismiss the complaint and disputes that it received the alleged 1,052,838.09 from Limecom. Moreover, to the extent the Company
has exposure for any transfers from Limecom, both Limecom and Heritage have indemnified the Company for any such liability. The Company
continues to vigorously defend its position to be removed as a named party in this action due to the fact that the Company rescinded
the Limecom Acquisition on January 30, 2019. Cuentas has provided requested discovery and expects depositions to be scheduled shortly.
As of December 31, 2022 the company accrued 300,000 due to this matter. 

On February 8, 2023, a former employee filed a
breach of employment agreement alleging Cuentas failed to pay her for sixty days following her resignation and failed to pay her under
an employee incentive plan. The Company disputes these allegations and denies that her employment agreement requires the payment of this
additional compensation. On March 10, 2023, the Company s Registered Agent was served with this complaint registered as Miami-Dade
County Local Case Number: 2023-002134-CA-01. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSUES. 

Not applicable. 

18 

PART II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Since February 2, 2021, our common stock has been
traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market with the symbol CUEN and our warrants have been traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market with the symbol
CUEN.W. Prior to such date, our common stock was traded on the OTCQB market. As our shares are relatively thinly traded, the price for
our securities may be highly volatile and may bear no relationship to our actual financial condition or results of operations. Factors
we discuss in this report, including the many risks associated with an investment in our securities, may have a significant impact on
the market price of our common stock. . A Reverse Stock Split of 13 shares for 1 share was exercised on March 24, 2023. 

Holders of Common Stock 

As of March 31, 2023, our shares of common stock
were held by 128 record holders and our warrants were held by 3 record holders. As of March 31, 2023, we had 2,085,867 shares of Common
Stock issued and outstanding. Additionally, there were 128,477 options to purchase common stock issued of which 120,782 are exercisable
as of March 31, 2022. Furthermore, as of March 31, 2022 there were (1135,215 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants
at an exercise price of 55.90 per share; (2) 3,077 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the representative s warrants
at an exercise price of 113.75 per share; (3623 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of warrants at an exercise price of 260.00
per share; (4)324,926 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants at an exercise price of 7.67 per share (5) 22,745
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the representative s warrants at an exercise price of 11.54 per share (6) 291,375
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants at an exercise price of 17.16 per share (7) 20,396 shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of the representative s warrants at an exercise price of 23.17 per share;. 

Dividends 

The payment of dividends is subject to the discretion
of our Board of Directors and depends, among other things, upon our earnings, our capital requirements, our financial condition, and other
relevant factors. We have not paid any dividends upon our common stock since our inception. By reason of our present financial status
and our contemplated financial requirements, we may not declare additional dividends upon our common or preferred stock in the foreseeable
future. 

We have never paid any cash dividends. We may
not pay additional cash or stock dividends in the foreseeable future on the shares of common or preferred stock. We intend to reinvest
any earnings in the development and expansion of our business. Any cash dividends in the future to common stockholders will be payable
when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors, based upon the Board s assessment of: 

our financial condition; 

earnings; 

need for funds; 

capital requirements; 

prior claims of preferred stock
to the extent issued and outstanding; and 

other factors, including any
applicable laws. 

Therefore, there can be no assurance that any
addition dividends on the common or preferred stock will be declared. 

19 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table sets forth information as
of December 31, 2022 relating to all our equity compensation plans: 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 128,477 
 56.44 
 120,782 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 128,477 
 56.44 
 120,782 

On June 17, 2021 the Board of the Company approved
the Cuentas Inc. 2021 Share Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). The maximum number of shares of stock reserved and available
for issuance under the 2021 Plan is 242,308 shares. The 2021 Plan is designed to enable the flexibility to grant equity
awards to the Company s officers, employees, directors and consultants as determined by the Company s Compensation Committee.
On December 15, 2021, the shareholders of the Company approved the 2021 Plan . 

In 2021 the Company issued 119,229 stock options
and 38,461 in 2022 to executives officers and non-employee directors. The options vest on the terms set forth on the table
below. Such options can be exercised until, November 2, 2031, and were approved by the Company s shareholders on December 15, 2021. 

Name 
 Number of Options 
 Exercise Price 
 Vesting Schedule 
 
 Jeffery D Johnson 
 38,462 
 36.40 
 125,000 on 11/3/2021. 125,000 on each Employment Anniversary. 
 
 Shalom Arik Maimon 
 15,385 
 36.40 
 50 on 11/3/2021; 50 on 12 month anniversary of grant date 
 
 Michael DePrado 
 11,538 
 36.40 
 50 on 11/3/2021; 50 on 12 month anniversary of grant date 
 
 Ran Daniel 
 7,692 
 36.40 
 50 on 11/3/2021; 50 on 12 month anniversary of grant date 
 
 Richard Berman 
 7,692 
 36.40 
 50 on 11/3/2021 
 
 Yochanon Bruk 
 7,692 
 36.40 
 50 on 11/3/2021; 50 on 12 month anniversary of grant date 
 
 Jeff Lewis 
 7, 692 
 36.40 
 50 on 11/3/2021; 50 on 12 month anniversary of grant date 
 
 David Schottenstein 
 7,692 
 36.40 
 50 on 11/3/2021 
 
 Adiv Baruch 
 7,692 
 36.40 
 50 on 11/3/2021; 50 on 12 month anniversary of grant date 
 
 Carol Pepper 
 7,692 
 36.40 
 50 on 11/3/2021; 50 on 12 month anniversary of grant date 
 
 Anthony H. Meadows 
 15,385 
 36.40 
 33.3 on 2022, 33.3 on 12 month anniversary of grant date and 33.3 on second
 anniversary of grant date. 
 
 Sara Sooy 
 7,692 
 36.40 
 50 on /2022; 50 on 12 month anniversary of grant date 
 
 Sandra Orihuela 
 7,692 
 36.40 
 50 on /2022; 50 on 12 month anniversary of grant date 
 
 Lex Terrero 
 7,692 
 36.40 
 50 on /2022; 50 on 12 month anniversary of grant date 

20 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On April 6, 2022, the Company issued 7,693 shares
of its Common Stock pursuant to a Service Agreement between the Company and a service provider. The fair market value of the shares at
the issuance date was 110,000. 

On August 4, 2022, the Company, entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor (the Purchaser pursuant
to which the Purchaser agreed to purchase, and the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Purchaser in a private placement, an aggregate
of 127,308 shares of the Company s common stock, 0.001 par value, pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 197,620 shares of Common
and warrants to purchase up to 324,928 shares of Common Stock. The purchase price per Share and associated Common Stock Warrant was 9.23
and the purchase price per Pre Funded Warrant and associated Common Stock Warrant was 9.23. Each Common Stock Warrant entitles the holder
to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 7.67 per share. Each Pre Funded Warrant entitles the holder to purchase
one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.0001 per share. The Common Stock Warrants are exercisable for a period of five years
and six months commencing on the issuance date and the Pre Funded Warrants are exercisable until exercised. The Warrants also contain
customary beneficial ownership limitations that may be waived at the option of each holder upon 61 days notice to the Company.
The Private Placement closed on August 8, 2022. The gross proceeds to the Company, before deducting placement agent fees and
other offering expenses, are approximately 3.0 million. On August 4, 2022, in connection with the Private Placement, the Company entered
into a registration rights with the Purchaser, pursuant to which the Company agreed to file a registration statement with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC to register for resale the Shares and any shares of the Company s common stock issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants within 30 days of the signing of the Registration Rights Agreement, with such registration statement becoming
effective within 60 days after the signing of the Registration Rights Agreement, subject to adjustment in the event of a review by the
SEC. The Company is subject to customary penalties and liquidated damages in the event it does not meet certain filing requirements and
deadlines set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement. Pursuant to an engagement agreement, H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC (the Placement
Agent was engaged by the Company to act as its placement agent for the Private Placement. The Company agreed to pay the Placement
Agent a cash fee equal to 7.0 of the gross proceeds received by the Company in the Private Placement, in addition to the reimbursement
of certain expenses. The Company also agreed to issue to the Placement Agent warrants to purchase up to 22,745 shares of Common Stock,
exercisable for a period of five years and six months commencing on the issuance date, at an exercise price of 11.54 per share. The fair
market of those warrants was 165 thousand as of date of issuance. 

On February 3,
2023, the Company Cuentas or Buyer entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (MIPA) with Core.
Core has agreed to sell 6 of its interest in the Lakewood Manager to Cuentas and Cuentas has agreed to issue to Core 295,282 of the Company s
common shares to acquire the 6 equity in the Lakewood Manager valued at 1,195,195. The 295,282 of the Company s share was equal
to 19.9 of the total number of current issued and outstanding shares of the Company as of the date of this Agreement. The Company closed
this transaction on or about March 9th, 2023. 

On August 4, 2022, the Company, entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor (the Purchaser pursuant
to which the Purchaser agreed to purchase, and the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Purchaser in a private placement, an aggregate
of 127,308 shares of the Company s common stock, 0.001 par value, pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 197,620 shares of Common
and warrants to purchase up to 324,928 shares of Common Stock. The purchase price per Share and associated Common Stock Warrant was 9.23
and the purchase price per Pre Funded Warrant and associated Common Stock Warrant was 9.23. Each Common Stock Warrant entitles the holder
to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 7.67 per share. Each Pre Funded Warrant entitles the holder to purchase
one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.0001 per share. The Common Stock Warrants are exercisable for a period of five years
and six months commencing on the issuance date and the Pre Funded Warrants are exercisable until exercised. The Warrants also contain
customary beneficial ownership limitations that may be waived at the option of each holder upon 61 days notice to the Company.
The Private Placement closed on August 8, 2022. The gross proceeds to the Company, before deducting placement agent fees and
other offering expenses, are approximately 3.0 million. On August 4, 2022, in connection with the Private Placement, the Company entered
into a registration rights with the Purchaser, pursuant to which the Company agreed to file a registration statement with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC to register for resale the Shares and any shares of the Company s common stock
issuable upon exercise of the Warrants within 30 days of the signing of the Registration Rights Agreement, with such registration statement
becoming effective within 60 days after the signing of the Registration Rights Agreement, subject to adjustment in the event of a review
by the SEC. The Company is subject to customary penalties and liquidated damages in the event it does not meet certain filing requirements
and deadlines set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement. Pursuant to an engagement agreement, H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC (the
 Placement Agent was engaged by the Company to act as its placement agent for the Private Placement. The Company agreed
to pay the Placement Agent a cash fee equal to 7.0 of the gross proceeds received by the Company in the Private Placement, in addition
to the reimbursement of certain expenses. The Company also agreed to issue to the Placement Agent warrants to purchase up to 22,745 shares
of Common Stock, exercisable for a period of five years and six months commencing on the issuance date, at an exercise price of 11.54
per share. The fair market of those warrants was 165 thousand as of date of issuance. The Company issued such shares in reliance on
the exemptions from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

21 

On February 6, 2023,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor (the Investor for the purpose of raising approximately 5 million in gross proceeds for the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement,
the Company agreed to sell, in a registered direct offering, an aggregate of (i) 163,344 shares (the Shares of the Company s
common stock Common Stock and (ii) pre-warrants to purchase up to 128,031 shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded
Warrants and such shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants, the Pre-Funded Warrant Shares and, in a concurrent private placement, warrants (the Purchase Warrants to purchase 291,375 shares of Common Stock (the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Purchase Warrants, the Purchase Warrant Shares ). The combined
purchase price per Share and Purchase Warrant is 17.16 and the combined purchase price per Pre-Funded Warrant and Purchase
Warrant of 17.16. The Pre-Funded Warrants were sold, in lieu of shares of Common Stock, to any
Investor whose purchase of shares of Common Stock in the Registered Offering would otherwise result in such Investor, together with its
affiliates and certain related parties, beneficially owning more than 4.99 (or, at such Investor s option upon issuance, 9.99 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock immediately following the consummation of the Registered Offering. Each Pre-Funded Warrant
represents the right to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.0001 per share. The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable
immediately and may be exercised at any time until the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. The Purchase Warrants will be
exercisable on the six-month anniversary of the issuance date and will expire five and one-half years following the date of issuance at
an exercise price of 17.36 per share. The closing of the sales of these securities under the Purchase Agreement occured on
or about February 8, 2023, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions. 

H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC Wainwright is acting as exclusive placement agent for the offering pursuant to an engagement agreement between the Company
and Wainwright dated as of December 13, 2022. As compensation for such placement agent services, the Company has agreed to pay Wainwright
an aggregate cash fee equal to 7.0 of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the offering, plus a management fee equal to 1.0 
of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the offerings, a non-accountable expense of 65,000 and 15,950 for clearing expenses.
The Company has also agreed to issue to Wainwright or its designees warrants to purchase 20,396 shares
of Common Stock (the PA Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the PA Warrants, the
 PA Warrant Shares ). The PA Warrants have a term of five years from the commencement
of sales in the offering, and have an exercise price of 23.17 per share. The fair market of those warrants was 267 thousand as
of date of issuance. The net proceeds to the Company from the registered direct offering and concurrent private placement, after deducting
the Placement Agent s fees and expenses and the Company s offering expenses was approximately 4.3 million. On February 7,
2023 the investor exercised 67,800 Pre-Funded Warrants and in March 13, 2023 the investor exercised 60,231 Pre-Funded Warrants. 

On March 16, 2023, the Company issued 15,385 shares
of its Common Stock pursuant to a Service Agreement between the Company and a service provider. The fair market value of the shares at
the issuance date was 112 

Each of the transactions described in this Item
II give effect to the Reverse Stock Split (as defined below) and were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, Regulation D promulgated under
the Securities Act and, in the case of sales to investors who are non-US persons, Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Except for the historical information, the
following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. We caution you not to put undue
reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Our actual results or actions may differ materially
from these forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the risks described in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this
annual report. Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the
financial statements and related notes and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what
we currently expect. 

22 

OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK 

The Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Florida
on September 21, 2005 to act as a holding company for its subsidiaries. Its subsidiary is Meimoun and Mammon, LLC (100 owned) M M ),Tel3,
a business segment of Meimoun and Mammon, LLC provides prepaid calling cards to consumers directly and operates in a complimentary space
as Meimoun and Mammon, LLC. The Company also owns 50 of CUENTASMAX LLC which is a joint venture and installs WiFi6 shared network WSN systems in locations in the New York metropolitan tristate area using access points and small cells to provide users with access
to the WSN 

The Company invests in financial technology and
engages in use of certain licensed technology to provide innovative telecommunications, mobility, and remittance solutions to unserved,
unbanked, and emerging markets. The Company uses proprietary technology and certain licensed technology to provide innovative telecommunications
and telecommunications mobility and remittance solutions in emerging markets. The Company also offers wholesale telecommunications minutes
and prepaid telecommunications minutes to consumers through its Tel3 division. 

On May 27, 2022, the Company entered into a Membership
Interest Purchase Agreement (the MIPA with SDI Black 011, LLC SDI Black ), the holders of all the membership
interests of SDI Black and Cuentas SDI, LLC, a Florida limited liability Cuentas SDI ), for the acquisition of 19.99 of
the membership interests of Cuentas SDI in exchange for 750,000. . SDI Black previously transferred all of its assets including the platform,
portals, domain names, and related software necessary to conduct its business to Cuentas SDI. The MIPA contains a number of representations
and warranties by each of the parties thereto which we believe are customary for transactions similar to the transactions contemplated
by the MIPA. In addition, the Company provided a loan in the amount of 100,000 that was provided to Cuentas SDI for marketing purposes.
SDI Black previously transferred all of its assets including the platform, portals, domain names, and related software necessary to conduct
its business to Cuentas SDI. As of December 31, 2022, Cuentas SDI did not repay the loan to the Company and therefore that Company
wrote off the entire loan. The investment in Cuentas SDI is recorded an investment in unconsolidated entity in our financial statement. 

On August 22, 2022, the Company entered into a Software Licensing and
transaction sharing Agreement with The OLB Group, Inc. OLB), a Delaware corporation whereas OLB, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries
will establish a merchant services relationship whereby the parties will seek to sell or rent OLB s point-of-sale (POS) devices
to merchants in the network established by Cuentas SDI, LLC for the merchants in the SDI network and the Company will use reasonable best
efforts to interconnect its reload agreement with the OLB POS platform for use in qualified merchant locations. The Company will market
the OLB-branded products under the processing platform as a Cuentas white label application for payment processing and debit cards. OLB
will develop for Cuentas Mobile App and associated products, an Application Programming Interface (API), databases and servers
at no cost to the Company to allow for the registration, approval and onboarding of consumers onto the Cuentas GPR/Mobile App/Mobile Wallet
platform with complete functions as currently available through the Cuentas App and associated products and services. OLB agreed to provide
OLB s Services for Cuentas benefit in exchange for revenue sharing and OLB will utilize its developers to enhance the Cuentas
GPR-Mobile-App. Before the relaunch of the Cuentas GPR-Mobile-App, the OLB developers in consultation with Cuentas shall as necessary
test the functionality, reliability and process of the Cuentas GPR-Mobile-App in a controlled testing environment. Upon approval by the
Company of the results of the controlled testing environment to move the Cuentas GPR-Mobile-App into production, the OLB developers, in
consultation with the Company, shall perform periodic test of the Cuentas GPR-Mobile-App to ensure continued functionality, reliability
and process of the Cuentas GPR-Mobile-App and to remove and repair any bugs or malfunctions in the Cuentas GPR-Mobile-App as soon as practicable.
All net revenue generated by OLB from the following: (i) net revenues from the sale or rental of OLB POS devices to Cuentas SDI Merchants,
(ii) all other net revenues generated by OLB arising from or related to the OLB POS devices elected to be utilized by the Cuentas SDI
Merchants, (iii) all net revenues generated by OLB from the Cuentas White Label Products/Services, and (iv) to the extent that the Reload
Provider agrees to provide its reload capability through the OLB POS devices, the net revenues generated by OLB from the reloads shall
be split between OLB and Cuentas. All net revenue generated by Cuentas from the following: (i) net revenues from each reload purchased
though the OLB POS device through a Cuentas SDI Merchant, (ii) all retail digital products as set forth on Schedule A sold through a OLB
POS device through a Cuentas SDI Merchant or the Cuentas White Label Products/Services, (iii) mobile top-ups net revenues sold through
a OLB POS device through a Cuentas SDI Merchant: all net revenues to be split between OLB and Cuentas. Net revenue will be shared between
the Parties and profits will be calculated and settled on a 30 net 30 basis (after each 30-day period closes, the Parties have 30 days
to calculate and settle net revenue). On August 22, 2022, the Company entered into an Independent Sales Organization Processing Agreement
with eVance, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of The OLB Group, Inc.,. whereby eVance is in the business of providing credit and debit
card processing services to merchants. The Company desires to solicit and refer merchants to eVance for those Services under the terms
of this Agreement. eVance will provide Merchants with access to Third-Party Authorization Networks, Settlement and other services to authorize,
capture and transmit data relating to transactions on major credit and debit card networks. As of the date of this report, the Company
has not generated any revenue from this transaction since the development and the integration of the additional features is not completed
as of date. The Company expects to complete the development during 2023 

23 

On
February 3, 2023, the Company Cuentas or Buyer entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (MIPA)
with Core Development Holdings Corporation Core or Seller ), a Florida corporation that holds approximately
29.3 of 4280 Lakewood Road Manager, LLC Lakewood Manager ), which in turn owns 86.45 of the membership interests in 4280
Lakewood Road, LLC 4280 Project ), an affordable multi-family real estate project located in Lake Worth, Florida. Core has
agreed to sell 6 of its interest in the Lakewood Manager to Cuentas. and Cuentas has agreed to issue to Core 295,282 of the Company s
common shares to acquire 1,195,195 of equity in the Lakewood Manager. The 295,282 of the Company s share was equal to 19.9 of
the total number of current issued and outstanding shares of the Company as of the date of the Agreement. Core, Lakewood Manager an affiliate
of RENCo USA, Inc., is constructing the 4280 Lakewood Project with RENCO Structural Building System, a proprietary composite structural
system distributed by RENCo USA, Inc. The Company closed this transaction and issued the aforementioned shares on March 7, 2023. 

On March 1, 2023, Cuentas announced that it signed
a 10 year supply agreement with Renco USA, Inc Renco ), to provide its patented building materials for new, sustainable
rental housing projects. Renco is an innovative green construction technology company that has a patented MCFR (Mineral Composite Fiber
Reinforced) Construction System which provides cost efficiency, reduced build time, and sustainable benefits. Renco s system is
hurricane proof up to Category 5, which is a major benefit for developing housing projects in the South Florida market and other hurricane
prone areas where Cuentas is planning to develop projects. Renco s system is also earthquake resistant. Renco USA was the supplier
of building technology and materials for the abovementioned affordable housing project in the USA using its MCFR system. Renco USA has
the exclusive rights in the USA to the patented building process. The Renco Wall, Floor and Roofing System is a unique MCFR Building System
that creates interlocking, fiber reinforced, composite building blocks and other construction related products that can be connected in
an almost limitless variety of designs. Renco s system can be used to create homes, apartment buildings, hotels, office buildings,
warehouses, infrastructure products and more. 

OUTLOOK 

Business Environment 

We are a technology payment platform company that
enables digital and mobile payments on behalf of under-bank and unbanked individuals. We believe in providing simple, affordable, secure
and reliable financial services and digital payments to help our customers to achieve their financial goals. We strive to increase our
relevance for consumers, and family to access and move their money anywhere in the world, anytime, on any platform and through any device
(e.g., mobile, tablets, personal computers or wearables). We provide safer and simpler ways for businesses of all sizes to accept payments
from merchant websites, mobile devices and applications, and at offline retail locations through a wide range of payment solutions. We
also facilitate person to person payments through Cuentas GPR Card. 

We operate globally and in a rapidly evolving
regulatory environment characterized by a heightened regulatory focus on all aspects of the payments industry. That focus continues to
become even more heightened as regulators on a global basis focus on such important issues as countering terrorist financing, anti-money
laundering, privacy and consumer protection. Some of the laws and regulations to which we are subject were enacted recently and the laws
and regulations applicable to us, including those enacted prior to the advent of digital and mobile payments, are continuing to evolve
through legislative and regulatory action and judicial interpretation. Non-compliance with laws and regulations, increased penalties and
enforcement actions related to non-compliance, changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation, and the enactment of new laws
and regulations applicable to us could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Therefore, we monitor these areas closely to ensure compliant solutions for our customers who depend on us. 

Industry Trends 

Our industry is dynamic and highly competitive,
with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies,
or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. At Cuentas, we push the boundaries of what is possible through
a broad range of research and development activities that seek to anticipate the changing demands of customers, industry trends and competitive
forces. 

24 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Comparison of year ended December 31, 2022 to year ended December
31, 2021 

Revenue 

The Company generates revenues through the sale
and distribution of prepaid telecom minutes, digital products, and other related telecom services. The Company also generated sales from
its Fintech products and services commencing in the third quarter of 2020. Revenues during the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled 2,994,000
compared to 593,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in our sales of digital products and General-Purpose Reloadable
Cards is mainly due to an increase in the sales of our digital telecom products due to online and other marketing initiatives and realization
of deferred revenue in the amount of 570,000 of our telecommunications products 

Revenue by product for 2022 and 2021 are as
follows: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Telecommunications 
 839 
 525 
 
 Digital products and General-Purpose Reloadable Cards 
 2,155 
 68 
 
 Total revenue 
 2,994 
 593 

Costs of Revenue and Gross profit 

Cost of revenues during the year ended December
31, 2022 totaled 2,508,000 compared to 469,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cost of revenue consists of the purchase of wholesale
minutes were approximately 232,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 313,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

year ended 

Cost of revenue also consists of costs related
to the sale of the Company s Digital products and GPR Cards in the amount of 2,276,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022
and 156,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The costs related to the sale of the Company s Digital products and GPR Cards
were composed mainly from the cost of the Digital products in the amount of 2,087,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as oppose
to 68,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Gross profit (loss) by product for 2022 and
2021 are as follows : 

December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2020 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Telecommunications 
 607 
 212 
 
 Digital products and General Purpose Reloadable Cards 
 (121 
 (88 
 
 Total Gross profit 
 486 
 124 

Gross
profit margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 16 consisting of 72 gross profit margin for the telecommunications segment and
offset by a gross loss margin of 6 for the digital product and general purpose reloadable cards segment. The gross loss for the sale
of digital product and general-purpose reloadable cards in 2022 and 2021 stemmed from the lower margins of our digital products since
these sales derived from the sale of digital products bears minimal gross margins. The Company is actively pursuing related and symbiotic
business relationships and projects that will produce significant revenue with higher profit potential. 

25 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses consist of selling, general
and administrative Expenses, impairments and amortization of Intangible assets as discussed below and totaled 14,841,000 during the year
ended December 31, 2022, compared to 10,789,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a net increase of 4,052,000. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

The table below summarizes our general and administrative
expenses incurred during the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

in thousands) 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses: 

Officers compensation 
 1,397 
 1,180 
 
 Performance bonuses 
 300 
 - 
 
 Directors fees 
 233 
 249 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 1,697 
 2,745 
 
 Directors and officers insurance 
 490 
 670 
 
 Professional services 
 661 
 516 
 
 maintenance and support services in accordance with the software maintenance agreement with CIMA 
 700 
 500 
 
 Legal fees 
 635 
 645 
 
 payments in accordance with the processing service agreement with Incomm 
 860 
 590 
 
 Credit losses 
 157 
 228 
 
 Marketing 
 1,437 
 410 
 
 Settlement 
 - 
 325 
 
 Other 
 1,513 
 1,378 
 
 Total 
 9,431 
 8,980 

Selling, general and administrative expenses totaled
 9,431,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 8,980,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a net
increase of 451,000. Included in in the Selling, general and administrative expenses, Stock-based compensation amounted to 1,587,000
and shares issued for services expenses amounted to 110,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2,745,000 during
the year ended December 31, 2021. This was mainly due to issuance of 1,550,000 stock options to directors and officers of the Company
in the 2021 and 500,000 stock options issued to officer and directors of the Company in the 2022. Such options can be exercised until
2032. The increase in the other operating expenses is mainly due to an increase in the agreed maintenance and support services in accordance
with the software maintenance agreement with CIMA in the amount of 200,000, increase in the agreed payments in accordance with the processing
service agreement with Incomm in the amount of 270,000 to 860,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, increase in officers 
compensation of 217, 000, performance bonuses to the interim CEO and President of the Company in the amount of 300,000, credit losses
of receivables due from Cuentas SDI LLC in the amount of 157,000, and increase of approximately of 1,027,000 in our selling and marketing
expenses during 2022 mainly due to our marketing and social media campaigns with connection to the sales of our Digital products and General-Purpose
 Reloadable Cards . 

Amortization and impairment of Intangible
assets 

Amortization of Intangible assets totaled 1,810,000
during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 1,809,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. The amortization expense
mainly stems from the one-time licensing fee in the amount of 9,000,000 that was paid in shares to Cima, on December 31, 2019. The
acquired intangible assets that consisted of perpetual software license had an estimated fair value of 9,000,000. The Company amortizes
the intangible assets on a straight-line basis over their expected useful life of 60 months. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the
Company recorded an impairment charge of 3,600,000 whereas as no amount was assigned to the acquired platforms on December 31,
2022. 

Other Income 

The Company recognized other expenses of 124,000
during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to other loss of 61,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is mainly
due a write off a loan in the amount of 100,000 that was provided to Cuentas SDI LLC and was not repaid. 

Net Loss 

We
incurred a net loss of 14,531,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to a net loss of 10,729,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2021, for the reasons described above. 

26 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the ability of a company to generate
funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis. Significant factors
in the management of liquidity are funds generated by operations, levels of accounts receivable and accounts payable and capital expenditures. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total
current assets of 689,000, including 466,000 of cash, accounts receivables of 209,000, and other current assets of 14,000. As of December
31, 2022, the Company had total current liabilities of 2,134,000 creating a negative working capital of 1,445,000. 

As of December 31, 2021, the Company had total
current assets of 6,780,000, including 6,607,000 of cash, accounts receivables of 11,000, and other current assets of 162,000 and
total current liabilities of 2,719,000 creating a working capital of 4,061,000. 

Cash Flows Operating Activities 

The Company s operating activities for the
year ended December 31, 2022, resulted in net cash used of 8,137,000. Net cash used in operating activities consisted of a net loss of
 14,531,000 partially offset by non-cash expenses consisting of share-based compensation of 1,697,000, impairment of intangible assets
of 3,600,000 and amortization of intangible assets of 1,810,000. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used cash of 777,000,
resulting mainly from an increase of in accounts receivables of 431,000, decrease in other accounts payables of 712,000and decrease
of deferred revenue of 570,000 which was offset by an increase in accounts payables of 421,000 and increase in accrual for bonuses in
the amount of 300,000. 

The Company s operating activities for the
year ended December 31, 2021, resulted in net cash used of 9,330,000. Net cash used in operating activities consisted of a net loss of
 10,728,000, which was offset partially by non-cash expenses consisting of share-based compensation of 2,745,000 and amortization of
intangible assets of 1,809,000. Changes in operating assets and liabilities utilized cash of 3,192,000, resulting mainly from decrease
in accrued expenses and other current liabilities of 1,562,000, and a decrease in accounts payables of 1,544,000. 

Cash Flows Investing Activities 

The Company s investment activities for
the year ended December 31, 2022, resulted in net cash used of 664,000 and net cash used of 87,000 for the same period in 2021. The
increase was mainly due to the investment in Cuentas SDI LLC. 

Cash Flows Financing Activities 

The Company s financing activities for the
year ended December 31, 2022, resulted in net cash in the amount of 2,660,000 mainly from the sale of our common stock. The Company s
financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, resulted in net cash received of 15,797,000, consisting of 10,614,000 received
from the sale of our common stock and 6,264,000 from the issuance of shares due to exercise of warrants, partially offset by repayments
of loans of 730,000 and repayments of 355,000 of loans from a related party. 

27 

The decrease in 2022 in our working capital was
mainly attributable to the increase in Accounts Payables in the amount of 371,000, decrease in our other Accounts Payables in the amount
of 662,000 and decrease in our Cash and Cash equivalents in the amount of 6,141,000. 

To date, we have principally financed our operations
through the sale of our Common Stock. Nevertheless, management anticipates that our current cash and cash equivalents position and generating
revenue from the sales of our digital products and General-Purpose Reloadable Cards will provide us limited financial resources for the
near future to continue implementing our business strategy of further developing our digital products and General Purpose Reloadable Card,
enhance our digital products offering and increase our sales and marketing. Management has taken important steps to reduce the financial
burn rate and has curtailed some ineffective marketing programs, concentrating on those programs that have been proven to produce good
results. Reduction of some top-level personnel has brought savings to the company as current executives took over the vacant positions
at no additional cost to the Company but offset by the bonuses. Management plans to secure additional financing sources, including but
not limited to the sale of our Common Stock in future financings. There can be no assurance, however, that the company will be successful
in raising additional capital or that the company will have net income from operations to fund the business plan of the company for the
near future or long term. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 466 thousand in cash and cash equivalents, approximately
 1,445 thousand in negative working capital and an accumulated deficit of approximately 52,750 thousand . These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as of December 31, 2022. 

Further, on February 6, 2023, the Company, sold
an aggregate 291,376 shares of Common and 291,376 warrants to purchase up to 291,376 shares of Common Stock in consideration of 5.0 million.
The net proceeds to the Company, after deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses, were approximately 4.5 million. Company s
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising capital from financing transactions and revenue from operations. Management
anticipates their business will require substantial additional investments that have not yet been secured. Management is continuing in
the process of fund raising in the private equity and capital markets as the Company will need to finance future activities. 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements
and does not anticipate entering into any such arrangements in the foreseeable future. 

Impact of Inflation 

The Company does not expect inflation to be a
significant factor in operation of the business. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

This item is not applicable as we are currently considered a smaller
reporting company. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

See Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules
appearing on page F-1 through F-32 of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

We have had no disagreements with our independent auditors on accounting
or financial disclosures. 

On February
15, 2023, the Audit Committee of Cuentas, Inc. of the Company approved the dismissal of Halperin CPA as the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm. The decision to dismiss Halperin CPA was due to the partner rotation requirement under Section
203 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company has provided Halperin with a copy of the above disclosures and requested that Halperin
furnish the Company with a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC stating whether or not it agrees
with the above statement. The audit reports of HALPERIN on the consolidated financial statements of the Company for each of the two most
recent fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were
not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles. 

28 

(b) 
 Engagement of New Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

On February 16,
2023, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company approved the appointment of Yarel and Partner
to serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. 

During the
Company s fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 and the subsequent interim period through February 15, 2023, neither the
Company nor anyone on its behalf has consulted with Yarel regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to a specific transaction,
either completed or proposed or (ii) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements and,
neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the Company that Yarel concluded was an important factor considered by the Company
in reaching a decision as to accounting, auditing or financial reporting issues, or (iii) any matter that was the subject of a disagreement
(as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions), or (iv) any reportable event (as described
in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Our Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange
Act) as of the year end covered by this Report. Based on that evaluation, they have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to
disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Such Information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control, as is defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These internal controls are designed
to provide reasonable assurance that the reported financial information is presented fairly, that disclosures are adequate and that the
judgments inherent in the preparation of financial statements are reasonable. There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any
system of internal controls, including the possibility of human error and overriding of controls. Consequently, an effective internal
control system can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to reporting financial information. 

Our internal control over financial reporting
includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our
transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and the receipts and expenditures of company assets are made and in accordance
with our management and directors authorization; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Management has undertaken an assessment of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in the Internal Control
 Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO (2013
Framework). Based upon this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of
December 31, 2020. 

Based on that evaluation, management concluded
that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were not effective due to the following material
weakness identified: 

Lack of appropriate segregation
of duties, 

Lack of information technology IT controls over revenue, and 

Lack of adequate review of
internal controls to ascertain effectiveness, and 

Lack of control procedures
that include multiple levels of supervision and review. 

Implemented or Planned Remedial Actions in response to the Material
Weaknesses 

We will continue to strive to correct the above
noted weakness in internal control once we have adequate funds to do so. We believe appointing a director who qualifies as a financial
expert will improve the overall performance of our control over our financial reporting. 

29 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that materially affect, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

The Company s management, including the
Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, do not expect that its disclosure controls or internal controls will prevent
all errors or all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control
systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company
have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns
can occur because of simple error or mistake. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

30 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The names of our director and executive officers
and their ages, positions, and biographies are set forth below. Our executive officers are appointed by, and serve at the discretion of,
our board of directors. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Set forth below is information regarding our current
directors and executive officers. Each director holds his office until he resigns or is removed and his successor is elected and qualified 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Arik Maimon 
 
 46 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Interim CEO 

Ran Daniel 
 
 53 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Michael De Prado 
 
 52 
 
 Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and Interim President 

Adiv Baruch 

58 
 
 Director 

Yochanon Bruk 
 
 43 
 
 Director 

Sara Sooy 
 
 30 
 
 Director 

Haim Yeffet 
 
 72 
 
 Director 

Lexi Terrero 
 
 40 
 
 Director 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Arik Maimon , our Chairman, is a founder
and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company and served as its CEO from its inception until August 2021, following which he continues
to serve as Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. In addition to co-founding the Company, Mr. Maimon founded the
Company s subsidiary M M. Prior to founding the Company and its subsidiary, Mr. Maimon founded and ran successful telecommunications
companies operating primarily in the United States and Mexico. In 1998, Mr. Maimon founded and ran a privately-held wholesaler of long-distance
telecommunications services which, later, under Mr. Maimon s management, grew from a start up to a profitable enterprise with more
than 100 million in annual revenues. Mr. Maimon serves on the Company s Board of Directors due to the perspective and experience
he brings as our co-founder and as Executive Chairman. 

Michael A. De Prado is a founder and Executive
Vice Chairman of the Company and served as its President from its inception until February 2021. Prior to founding the Company, Mr. De
Prado spent 20 years in executive positions at various levels of responsibility in the banking, technology, and telecommunications industries.
As President of Sales at telecommunications company Radiant/Ntera, Mr. De Prado grew Radiant/Ntera s sales to more than 200 million
in annual revenues. At theglobe.com, Mr. De Prado served as President, reporting directing to Michael S. Egan. Mr. De Prado serves on
the Company s Board of Directors due to the perspective and experience he brings as our co-founder, President, and COO. 

Ran Daniel has served as Chief Financial
Officer since November 23, 2018. He has extensive experience working as a CFO in both rapidly growing companies and publicly traded companies.
Mr. Daniel served as the CFO of the IDH Group, the head and the CFO of Elie Tahari family office from 2014 to 2016, the CFO of Blue
Sphere Corporation from 2016 to 2018 and Nanox from 2021 NNOX, a public reporting company). He has over 25 years of financial and business
management experience, accounting, auditing, business forecasting, M A, due diligence, SEC regulations and internal control experiences.
He was responsible for the financial and accounting functions in several companies and has extensive experience working as a CFO in both
rapidly growing companies and publicly traded companies. He has worked with real estate, fashion, high-tech companies as well as remote
institutional and high net worth individuals. Mr. Daniel is licensed as a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) in the United States and Israel,
Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and is admitted to practice law in the State of New York. Mr. Daniel holds a Bachelor of Economics,
a Bachelor of Accounting and an MBA in Finance from the Hebrew University, as well as a Graduate Degree in Law from the University of
Bar-Ilan. Mr. Daniel serves on the Company s Chief Financial Officer due to the perspective and experience he brings as our Chief
Financial Officer. 

Adiv Baruch has been a director of the
Company since May 2016. Mr. Baruch is a global leader anchors in the Israeli high-tech industry as well as the Chairman of Israeli Export
and International cooperation Institute and several private and public companies. Adiv has over 28 years of experience in equity investment
and operation management under distress. Mr. Baruch also serves as chairman of Jerusalem Technology Investments Ltd. He also currently
serves as Chairman of Maayan Ventures, a platform for investments in innovative technology companies. Mr. Baruch has served as a director
of the Bank of Jerusalem, and he served as CEO of BOS Better Online Solutions, which, under this leadership, grew into a highly-successful
company traded on Nasdaq under the symbol BOSC. Throughout his career, he has championed development and support of new talent in the
high tech and entrepreneurial arenas. He is a Technion graduate and the Chairman of the Institute of Innovation and Technology of Israel.
Mr. Baruch serves as a member on the Company s Board of Directors due to the perspective and experience he brings to Our Board. 

31 

Yochanon Bruk is the managing partner of
Dinar Zuz LLC and has served as a Director of the Company since December 2019. Mr. Bruk joined Felman Trading in August 2009 as Logistics
Manager and was appointed Corporate Logistics Transportation Manager in 2011. In this role, he oversees the logistical operations
and international distribution networks to ensure the seamless transportation of materials for Felman Production, CCMA, and a number of
European-based companies that operate alongside Felman Trading. Mr. Bruk serves as a member on the Company s Board of Directors
due to the perspective and experience he brings to Our Board. 

Lexi Terrero is a marketing financial
executive with 15 years of experience in digital media, investor relations and private equity. Lexi s experience combines deep
industry knowledge of marketing and business development, sales development, raising capital, finance, and operational management. She
received a BS in Finance and an MBA in Interdisciplinary Business from St. Johns University in New York City. 

Sara Sooy has served as a Somerset County
Commissioners since 2019 and has been on the North Jersey Transportation Planning Authority Board of Trustees since 2020. Previously
Ms. Sooy worked as a Credit Analyst, and later as a Senior Commercial Real Estate Analyst. She earned a bachelor's degree in economics
from Saint Francis College and an MBA in real estate development from Rutgers University. 

Haim Yeffet has owned and managed 10 restaurants
and served as the CEO of a public company. He is involved in his condo board at the Alexander in Miami Beach, and has served as the Vice
President and as Secretary for the association for the last three years. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships, or other arrangements
or understandings between or among any of the directors, director nominees, executive officers or other person pursuant to which such
person was selected to serve as a director or officer. 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws both
provide for the indemnification of our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by Florida law. 

Limitation of Liability of Directors 

Pursuant to the Florida Statutes, our Articles
of Incorporation exclude personal liability for our Directors for monetary damages based upon any violation of their fiduciary duties
as Directors, except as to liability for any breach of the duty of loyalty, acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
misconduct or a knowing violation of law, or any transaction from which a Director receives an improper personal benefit. This exclusion
of liability does not limit any right which a Director may have to be indemnified and does not affect any Director s liability under
federal or applicable state securities laws. We have agreed to indemnify our directors against expenses, judgments, and amounts paid in
settlement in connection with any claim against a Director if he acted in good faith and in a manner he believed to be in our best interests. 

Election of Directors and Officers 

Directors are elected to serve until the next
annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to serve until the meeting
of the Board following the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. 

At each meeting of the Company s shareholders
at which the election of directors is to be considered, each of CIMA, Dinar and Mr. De Prado have the right to designate one nominee for
election at such meeting, and Mr. Maimon has the right to appoint two directors for a total of five Board members. Following the Company s
listing on Nasdaq, the Board had a total of nine Directors with five considered to be Independent but 2 of these Independent Directors
resigned in December 2021 to dedicate time to personal issues and projects. The Company is looking to expand the Board up to 11 members
with the same appointment rights as before, including six independent board members elected by the shareholders of the Company pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Articles and Amended and Restated Bylaws, each as further amended from time to time. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

No Executive Officer or Director of the Corporation
has been the subject of any Order, Judgment, or Decree of any Court of competent jurisdiction, or any regulatory agency permanently or
temporarily enjoining, barring suspending or otherwise limiting him/her from acting as an investment advisor, underwriter, broker or dealer
in the securities industry, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of an investment company, bank, savings and loan association,
or insurance company or from engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with any such activity or in connection with
the purchase or sale of any securities. 

No Executive Officer or Director of the Corporation
has been convicted in any criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations) or is the subject of a criminal proceeding which is currently
pending. 

No Executive Officer or Director of the Corporation
is the subject of any pending legal proceedings. 

32 

Corporate Governance 

Board of Directors 

We currently have seven directors serving on our
Board of Directors. A majority of the authorized number of directors constitutes a quorum of the Board for the transaction of business. 

Board Committees and Director Independence 

Director Independence 

Of our current directors, we have determined that
Messrs. Baruch and Yeffet as well as Ms. Sooy and Ms.Terrero are independent as defined by applicable rules and regulations.
The Company is in the process to interviewing additional potential Independent Directors to fill additional board positions with goals
of Gender, Age and Racial diversity as well as Cyber protection experience as indicated by the SEC to be important goals. 

The following table sets forth certain information
concerning the annual compensation of our independent directors during the last two fiscal years. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 (c) 
Fee 
 Bonus 
 Option 
Awards 
 share 
compensation 
 Nonqualified deferred 
compensation 
earnings 
 All Other 
Compensation 
 (Total Compensation 
 
 Adiv Baruch 
 2022 
 67,000 
 - 
 110,781 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 177,781 

2021 
 56,750 
 - 
 155,093 
 154,841 
 - 
 - 
 366,684 

Sara Sooy 
 2022 
 31,250 
 - 
 81,250 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 112,500 

2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Lexi Terreo 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Mr. Yeffet was elected to serve as a member of
Board in 2023. 

Board Committees 

Our Board of Directors has established two standing
committees Audit and Compensation. All standing committees operate under a charter that has been approved by our Board of Directors.
In addition, in lieu of a Nominating and Corporate Governance committee, our Board of Directors has designated the independent directors
of the Board of Directors by resolution to select, or recommended for the Board of Director s selection, any and all nominees to
the Board of Directors (see Nomination of Directors below). 

Audit Committee 

Our
Board of Directors has an Audit Committee, composed of Mr Baruch, Ms. Sooy and Ms. Terrero, each of whom are independent directors as
defined in accordance with section Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and the rules of Nasdaq. Mr. Baruch serves as chairman of the Audit
Committee. 

Our Audit Committee oversees our corporate accounting,
financial reporting practices and the audits of financial statements. For this purpose, the Audit Committee has a charter (which will
be reviewed annually) and performs several functions. The Audit Committee: 

evaluates the independence
and performance of, and assesses the qualifications of, our independent auditor and engages such independent auditor; 

approves the plan and fees
for the annual audit, quarterly reviews, tax and other audit-related services and approves in advance any non-audit service and fees
therefor to be provided by the independent auditor; 

monitors the independence of
the independent auditor and the rotation of partners of the independent auditor on our engagement team as required by law; 

reviews the financial statements
to be included in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and reviews with management and the independent auditors
the results of the annual audit and reviews of our quarterly financial statements; 

33 

oversees all aspects of our
systems of internal accounting and financial reporting control and corporate governance functions on behalf of the board; and 

provides oversight assistance
in connection with legal, ethical and risk management compliance programs established by management and the board, including compliance
with requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding corporate governance issues and policy
decisions. 

The Audit Committee has a charter, which is reviewed
annually. 

Compensation Committee 

Our Board of Directors has a Compensation
Committee composed of Messrs. Baruch and Yeffet as well as Ms. Sooy, each of whom is independent in accordance with rules of Nasdaq.
Mr. Baruch is the chairman of the Compensation Committee. Our Compensation Committee reviews or recommends the compensation
arrangements for our management and employees and also assists the Board of Directors in reviewing and approving matters such as
company benefit and insurance plans, including monitoring the performance thereof. The Compensation Committee has a charter, which
will be reviewed annually. 

Nomination of Directors 

Our Board of Directors, by resolution of the full
Board of Directors addressing the nominations process and such related matters as may be required under the federal securities laws, has
charged the independent directors constituting a majority of our Board of Directors with the responsibility of reviewing our corporate
governance policies and with proposing potential director nominees to the Board of Directors for consideration. The independent directors
will consider director nominees recommended by security holders. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Insider Trading Policy 

Our Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Ethical
Conduct and an Insider Trading Policy. 

Compliance under Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 requires our directors and executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of our outstanding shares of Common Stock (collectively,
 Reporting Persons to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership in our Common Stock
and other equity securities. To the Company s knowledge, based solely on its review of the copies of such reports received or written
representations from certain Reporting Persons that no other reports were required, the Company believes that during its fiscal year ended
December 31, 2021, all filing requirements applicable to the Reporting Persons were timely met. 

Stockholder Communications 

Although we do not have a formal policy regarding
communications with the Board, stockholders may communicate with the Board by writing to us at 235 Lincoln Rd., Suite 210, Miami Beach,
FL 33139, Attention: Stockholder Communication. Stockholders who would like their submission directed to a member of the Board may so
specify, and the communication will be forwarded, as appropriate. 

34 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth certain information
concerning the annual compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and our other executive officers during the last two fiscal years. 

(a) Name and Principal Position 
 
 (b) 
Year 
 
 (c) 
Salary 

(d) 
Bonus 

(f) 
Option 
Awards 

(g) 
Non-equity 
incentive plan 
compensation 

(h) 
Nonqualified 
deferred 
compensation 
earnings 

(i) 
All Other 
Compensation 

(j) 
Total 
Compensation 

Arik Maimon 
 
 2022 

295,000 

150,000 

257,895 

- 

- 

- 

702,895 

Executive Chairman and Interim CEO 
 
 2021 

295,000 

- 

326,667 

- 

- 

- 

621,667 

Michael De Prado 
 
 2022 

275,000 

150,000 

193,421 

- 

- 

- 

638,421 

Executive Vice Chairman 
 
 2021 

268,400 

- 

245,000 

- 

- 

- 

513,400 

Ran Daniel 
 
 2022 

245,000 

- 

128,947 

- 

- 

- 

373,943 

CFO 
 
 2021 

274,196 

- 

163,333 

- 

- 

77,400 

514,929 

Founder/Executive
Chairman Compensation Agreement with Arik Maimon, and Founder/Executive Vice-Chairman Compensation Agreement with Michael De Prado 

On August 26, 2021, the
Company and Arik Maimon entered into a Founder/Executive Chairman Compensation Agreement (the Chairman Compensation Agreement ).
Additionally, on August 26, 2021, the Company and Michael De Prado entered into a Founder/Executive Vice-Chairman Compensation Agreement
(the Vice-Chairman Compensation Agreement and collectively with the Chairman Compensation Agreement, the Chairman
Compensation Agreements ). The term of each of these Chairman Compensation Agreements became effective as of August 26, 2021 and
replaces any prior arrangements or employment agreements between the Company and each of Mr. Maimon and Mr. De Prado (each such individual,
an Executive and together, the Executives ). Under the terms of the Chairman Compensation Agreements, the Executives
agreed to be employed by the Company for an initial continuous twelve-month term beginning on the effective date of August 26, 2021, and
ending on August 25, 2022. The initial term would be automatically extended for additional one (1) year periods on the same terms and
conditions as set out in the Chairman Compensation Agreements; however, the Chairman Compensation Agreements, respectively, will not renew
automatically if either the Company or the respective Executive provide a written notice to the other of a decision not to renew, which
notice must be given at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the initial term or any subsequently renewed one (1) year term. Pursuant
to the terms of the Chairman Compensation Agreement, Mr. Maimon will receive an annual base salary of two hundred ninety-five thousand
dollars 295,000) per year, and pursuant to the terms of the Vice-Chairman Compensation Agreement, Mr. De Prado will receive an annual
base salary of two hundred seventy-five thousand dollars 275,000) per year, and each will be eligible for an annual incentive payment
of up to one hundred percent (100 of their respective base salary, which annual incentive payment shall be based on the Company s
performance as compared to the goals established by the Company s Board of Directors in consultation with each Executive, respectively.
This annual incentive shall have a twelve (12) month performance period and will be based on a January 1 through December 31 calendar
year, with the Executives entitlement to the annual incentive and the amount of such award, if any, remaining subject to the good
faith discretion of the Board of Directors. Any such annual incentive shall be paid by the end of the second quarter following the calendar
year to which each respective Executive s performance relates. Pursuant to the terms of the Chairman Compensation Agreements, each
Executive has the option to have any such earned annual incentive be paid in fully vested shares of the Company s Common Stock,
but must elect such option by the end of the first quarter following the relevant performance calendar year period. In the event of a
change in control of the Company, as defined under the terms of the Chairman Compensation Agreements, that takes place (i) during the
term of the Chairman Compensation Agreement or (ii) prior to the date which is twenty-four (24) months from the effective date of the
Chairman Compensation Agreements, if the Executive s employment otherwise terminates prior to such date (other than if the Executive s
employment was terminated for cause or the Executive resigned his employment without good reason, as such terms are defined under the
Chairman Compensation Agreements), each respective Executive shall be entitled to a bonus payment equal to two and one-half percent (2.5 of the cash consideration received by the shareholders of the Company in the change in control transaction. Under the Chairman Compensation
Agreements, each Executive is subject to certain obligations and restrictive covenants, including, but not limited to: confidentiality,
non-competition, non-solicitation, and non-disparagement, among others. The Chairman Compensation Agreements are each governed by the
laws of the State of Florida. The Chairman Compensation Agreements may be terminated by the Company for cause or without cause, and by
each respective Executive for good reason or without good reason, as such terms are defined under the Chairman Compensation Agreements.
 On August 19, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a motion to appoint Arik Maimon as
Interim CEO (in addition to his current position as Chairman of the Board) and Michael De Prado as Interim President (in addition to his
current position as Vice Chairman of the Board). Both Arik Maimon and Michael De Prado agreed to assume these positions with no additional
compensation. 

Employment Agreement with Mr. Daniel 

On November 28, 2018,
the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Daniel. Pursuant to the terms of the Employment Agreement, among other
things: 

(1) Mr. Daniel
receives a base salary of 162,500 per annum for initial five years term. The Agreement will be automatically renewed for successive
one-year periods unless either party provides ninety days prior notice of termination. Furthermore, during the term
of his Employment Mr. Daniel s compensation shall no less than any other officer or employee of the Company or its subsidiary. 

(2) Mr. Daniel
has the right, on the same basis as other senior executives of the Company, to participate in and to receive benefits under any of the
Company s employee benefit plans, as such plans may be modified from time to time, and provided that in no event shall Mr. Daniel
receive less than four weeks paid vacation per annum and six paid sick and five paid personal days per annum. 

(3) Upon
the successful up-listing of the Company s shares of Common Stock to Nasdaq, Mr. Daniel receives a 100,000 bonus. 

(4) Mr. Daniel
has agreed to a one-year non-competition agreement following the termination of his employment. 

(5) If
Mr. Daniel s employment with the Company terminates as a result of an involuntary termination (as defined in the Employment
Agreement), then, in addition to any other benefits described in this Agreement, Mr. Daniel shall receive all compensation bonuses
and benefits earned the date of his termination of employment. In addition, Mr. Daniel will be entitled to a lump sum payment equivalent
to the remaining salary due Mr. Daniel to the end of the term of his Employment or six months salary, whichever is the
greater. 

35 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The following table sets forth information concerning
the outstanding equity awards of each of the Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2022: 

Name (a) 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable (b) 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable (c) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) (d) 
 Option Exercise Price ) (e) 
 Option Expiration Date (f) 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (g) (9) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) (h) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (i) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (j) 
 
 Ran Daniel 
 9,230 
 - 
 - 
 3.20 
 1,538 options at April 6, 2024 and 7,692 at November 2, 2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 128,947 

Arik Maimon 
 20,616 
 - 
 - 
 5.12 
 3,385 options at March 29,2025 ,1,846 at September 12, 2023 and 15,385
at November 2, 2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 257,895 

Michael De Prado 
 14,246 
 - 
 - 
 5.00 
 2,708 at March 29,2025 and 11,538 at November 2, 2031 

- 
 193,421 

36 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth, as of March 31, 2023, certain information
with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock by: (i) each person known to us to be the beneficial owner of more
than five percent (5 of our outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each director or nominee for director of our Company, (iii) each
of the executives, and (iv) our directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each shareholder
is c/o our company at our principal office address: 

Beneficial Owner 
 
 Address 
 
 Number of 
Shares 
Beneficially 
Owned 

Percent of 
Class (1) 

Arik Maimon (2) 
 
 235 Lincoln Rd., Suite 210, Miami Beach, FL 33139 

145,308 

6.90 

Chairman 

Michael De Prado (3) 
 
 235 Lincoln Rd., Suite 210, Miami Beach, FL 33139 

72,941 

3.47 

Vice Chairman 

Adiv Baruch (4) 
 
 235 Lincoln Rd., Suite 210, Miami Beach, FL 33139 

Director 

12,564 

0.60 

Ran Daniel (6) 
 
 235 Lincoln Rd., Suite 210, Miami Beach, FL 33139 

9,230 

0.44 

Sara Sooy (7) 
 
 235 Lincoln Rd., Suite 210, Miami Beach, FL 33139 

7,692 

0.18 

Lexi Terreo (5) 
 
 235 Lincoln Rd., Suite 210, Miami Beach, FL 33139 

3,846 

0.18 

Yochanon Bruk (8) 
 
 1898 NW 74th Ave. Pembroke Pines, FL 33024 

215,658 

10.30 

Haim Yeffet (9) 
 
 235 Lincoln Rd., Suite 210, Miami Beach, FL 33139 

3,846 

0.18 

All Directors and Officers as a Group (persons) 

467,227 

21.68 

5 or More Shareholders 

Alize Irrevocable Trust 
 
 255 Aragon Ave, Coral Gables FL 33134 

111,769 

5.36 

Dinar Zuz LLC (8) 
 
 1898 NW 74th Ave. Pembroke Pines, FL 33024 

215,658 

10.30 

Core Development Holdings Corporation 
 
 1001 NW 163rd Drive, Miami, Florida 33169 

295,282 

14.16 

(1) 
 Applicable percentages based on 2,085,867 shares of Common Stock. 

(2) 
 Arik Maimon is our Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors. Consists of (i) 124,693 shares of Common Stock, (ii) 1,846 stock options, exercisable until September 12, 2023 with an exercise price of 97.5 per share and (iii) 3,385 stock options, exercisable until March 29, 2023 with an exercise price of 186.55 per share (iv) 15,384 stock options, exercisable until November 2, 2031 with an exercise price of 36.40 per share. 

(3) 
 Michael De Prado is our Vice Executive Chairman and Director. Consists of (i) 763,030 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 2,708 stock options, exercisable until March 29, 2023 with an exercise price of 186.55 per share (iii) 11,538 stock options, exercisable until November 2, 2031 with an exercise price of 36.40 per share. 

(4) 
 Adiv Baruch is our director. Consists of 4,872 shares of Common Stock and 7,692 stock options, exercisable until November 2, 2031 with an exercise price of 36.40 per share. 

(5) 
 Ran Daniel is our Chief Financial Officer. Consists of (i) 4,872 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 1,538 stock options, exercisable until April 6, 2024 with an exercise price of 67.93 per share (iii) 7,692 stock options, exercisable until November 2, 2031 with an exercise price of 36.40 per share. 

(6) 
 Lexi Terrero is our director. Applicable percentages based on 3,846 stock options, exercisable until December 29, 2032 with an exercise price of 36.40 per share. 

(7) 
 Sara Sooy is our director. Applicable percentages based on 3,846 stock options, exercisable until May 15, 2032 with an exercise price of 36.40per share. 

(8) 
 Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed by Dinar with the SEC on March 5, 2020, Dinar is the beneficial owner of the shares reported therein, and Yochanon Bruk (also known as Jonathan Brook) is the sole manager of Dinar and exercises voting and investment power over the shares of Common Stock. As a result, Dinar and Yochanon Bruk may be deemed to have beneficial ownership (as determined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) of the shares reported therein. Yochanon Bruk does not own any shares. 

(9) 
 Haim Yeffet is our director. Applicable percentages based on 3,846 stock options, exercisable until May 15, 2032 with an exercise price of 36.40 per share. 

37 

Changes in Control 

There are no arrangements, known to the Company,
including any pledge by any person of securities of the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in
control of the Company. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Other than compensation arrangements for our directors
and executive officers, which are described elsewhere in this prospectus, below we describe transactions since January 1, 2019, to which
we were a party or will be a party, in which (i) the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000; and (ii) any of our directors,
executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of, or person sharing the household
with, the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest 

Statement of Policy 

All future transactions between us and our officers,
directors or five percent stockholders, and respective affiliates will be on terms no less favorable than could be obtained from unaffiliated
third parties and will be approved by a majority of our independent directors who do not have an interest in the transactions and who
had access, at our expense, to our legal counsel or independent legal counsel. 

To the best of our knowledge, during the past
three fiscal years, other than as set forth above and herein, there were no material transactions, or series of similar transactions,
or any currently proposed transactions, or series of similar transactions, to which we were or are to be a party, in which the amount
involved exceeds 120,000, and in which any director or executive officer, or any security holder who is known by us to own of record
or beneficially more than 5 of any class of our Common Stock, or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons,
has an interest (other than compensation to our officers and directors in the ordinary course of business). 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

(1) Audit Fees 

The Company incurred annual audit fees during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 with Halperin Ilanit CPA totaling approximately 55,000. 

Audit-Related Fees 

The Company incurred annual audit related fees
during the year ended December 31, 2022 totalling approximately 30,000. The Company incurred annual audit related fees during the year
ended December 31, 2021 totalling approximately 32,500. 

All Other Fees 

There were no other fees billed for products or
services provided by our principal accountant for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Our audit committee reviewed or ratified the engagement
of the Company s principal accountant or the fees disclosed above. 

38 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Consolidated Financial Statements 

39 

CUENTAS
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMS 
 F-2 

CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-9 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-10 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

TO
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS OF CUENTAS, INC. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of
Cuentas, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and the related statements of comprehensive loss, Changes in stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As
discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred net losses since its inception, and has not yet generated
sufficient revenues to support its operations. As of December 31, 2022, there is an accumulated deficit of 52,750 thousand. These
conditions, along with other matters as set forth in Note 1, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

We
determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

Yarel
+ Partners 

Certified
Public Accountants (Isr.) 

Tel-Aviv,
Israel 

March 31,
2023 

We have served
as the Company s auditor since 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

TO
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS OF CUENTAS, INC. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Cuentas Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related statements
of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year in the period ended December
31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year in the period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
audit matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 3 

Going
concern assessment 

As
discussed in Notes 1 to the consolidated financial statements, on February 4, 2021 the Company sold an aggregate of 2,790,697 units at
a price to the public of 4.30 per unit (the Offering ), each unit consisting of one share of the Company s common
stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ), and a warrant exercisable for five years to purchase one share of
Common Stock at an exercise price of 4.30 per share (the Warrants ). In light of the above, the Company s Management
has concluded that there are no material uncertainties that give rise to significant doubt over the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern for at least twelve months from the date of the approval of the financial statements. 

We
identified management s assumptions used to assess the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as a critical audit
matter due to inherent complexities and uncertainties related to the Company s Management s plans. Auditing these assumptions
involved especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these
matters. 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following: 

Assessing
 the reasonableness of key assumptions underlying management s forecast operating cash
 flows, including revenue growth and gross margin assumptions and evaluating the reasonableness
 of management s forecast operating cash flows. 

Evaluating
 the probability that the Company will be able to reduce capital expenditures and other operating
 expenditures if required. 

Assessing
 management s plans in the context of other audit evidence obtained during the audit
 to determine whether it supported or contradicted the conclusions reached by management. 

Assessing
 the effect of events and agreement signed after balance sheet date. 

/s/ . 

Certified
Public Accountants (Isr.) 

PCAOB
number 650100001 

March
31, 2022 

We have served
as the Company s auditor since 2018 till 2023 

F- 4 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands except share and per share data) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts Receivables net of allowance for credit losses of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and Equipment, net 

Investment in Unconsolidated Entities (Note 3) 

Intangible Assets (Note 4) 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Trade payable 

Other accounts liabilities (Note 5) 

Deferred revenue 

Notes and Loan payable 

Stock based liabilities 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Other long term 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) (Note 9) 

Common stock, authorized shares, par value; and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Treasury Stock 
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands except share and per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUE 

COST OF REVENUE 

GROSS PROFIT (LOSS) 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Selling, general and administrative 

Impairment of Intangible Assets 
 
 -

Amortization of Intangible Assets 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

OPERATING LOSS 

OTHER INCOME (LOSS), NET 

Other income (expense), net 

Interest income (expense) 

Gain from Change in fair value of stock-based liabilities 

TOTAL OTHER INCOME (LOSS), NET 

NET LOSS BEFORE CONTROLLING INTEREST AND EQUITY LOSSES 

Equity losses in non-consolidated entity 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO CUENTAS INC. 

Basic and Diluted net loss per share

Weighted average number of basic and diluted shares of common stock outstanding

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Treasury 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 

-

Issuance of Shares of Common Stock, net of issuance expenses 

-
 
 -

Shares issued for services 

-

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 -

Treasury Stock 

-

-

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

F- 7 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Issuance of Shares of Common Stock, net of issuance expenses 

-

Issuance of Warrants 
 - 
 -

-

Shares issued for services and for employees 

-

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 -

-

Shares issued due to exercise of Warrants, net of issuance expenses 

-

Shares issued due to conversion of Convertible Note 

-

Return of Commitment Shares 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock based compensation and Shares issued for services 

Equity losses in non-consolidated entity 

Available for sale securities 
 -

Loan to Cuentas SDI LLC that was not repaid 
 
 - 
 
 Credit losses 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense and Debt discount amortization 

Gain (loss) on fair value measurement of stock-based liabilities 

Depreciation expense 

Impairment of intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets 

Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Related party, net 
 - 

Other accounts liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Net Cash Used by Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Investment in non-consolidated entity 

Purchase of Property and Equipment 
 
 -

Purchase of Intangible Asset 
 -

Net Cash used for Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from (Repayments of) short term loans 
 -

Proceeds from (Repayment of) Loans from Related parties 
 -

Purchase of Treasury Stock 
 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of warrants 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of common stock due to exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from issuance of shares, net of issuance cost 
 -

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash 

Cash at Beginning of Period 

Cash at End of Period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 
 -
 
 -

Cash paid for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities 

Common Stock issued for conversion of convertible note 
 -

Investment in non-consolidated entity in non-consolidated entity against accounts receivables 
 
 -

Issuance fee in connection with of common stock due to exercise of warrants 
 -

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

bodegas. Cuentas is able to offer these digital products to the public
through its mobile app and the Cuentas SDI distribution network, many at discounted prices, while making a small profit margin which
varies from product to product. The prepaid digital content and gift cards include Amazon Cash, XBox, PlayStation, Nintendo, Karma Koin,
Transit System Loads Reloads (LA TAP, NY Transit, Grand Rapids, CT GO and more coming in 2023), Burger King, Cabela s, Bass Pro
Shops, AT T, Verizon, Mango Mobile, Black Wireless and many more prepaid wireless carriers in the US and in foreign countries. Cuentas
accountholders can also send up to anywhere in the world that WesternUnion operates at a discounted rate. 

owned) M M ),Tel3, a business segment of Meimoun and Mammon, LLC provides
prepaid calling cards to consumers directly and operates in a complimentary space as Meimoun and Mammon, LLC. The Company also owns 
of CUENTASMAX LLC which installs WiFi6 shared network WSN systems in locations in the New York metropolitan tristate
area using access points and small cells to provide users with access to the WSN. 

. 

of the membership interests of Cuentas SDI in exchange for . The Company also had
the right to close on the potential acquisition of the remaining of the membership interests of Cuentas SDI within 60 days (with
a potential 30 day extension, the Potential Acquisition Period in exchange for a purchase price of an additional .
SDI Black previously transferred all of its assets including the platform, portals, domain names, and related software necessary to conduct
its business to Cuentas SDI. The MIPA further provides that during the Potential Acquisition Period, the Company will invoice and
Cuentas SDI will pay invoices on a seven-net-ten day basis and during this same period, Cuentas SDI will allow the Company to realize
 of the Cuentas SDI gross revenues and reflect of the gross revenues on its books and records.The MIPA contains a number of representations
and warranties by each of the parties thereto which we believe are customary for transactions similar to the transactions contemplated
by the MIPA. The 60-day option to acquire the remaining of the membership interests of Cuentas SDI expired on July 27, 2022. 

F- 10 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

in cash
and cash equivalents, approximately in negative working capital, negative shareholder equity of and an accumulated deficit
of approximately . These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Company s
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising capital from financing transactions and revenue from operations. Management
anticipates their business will require substantial additional investments that have not yet been secured. Management is continuing in
the process of fund raising in the private equity and capital markets as the Company will need to finance future activities. These financial
statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

F- 11 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting
Agreement, certain existing stockholders and each of the Company s directors and executive officers entered into lock-up 
agreements with the Underwriter that generally prohibit the sale, transfer, or other disposition of securities of the Company for a period
of 180 days following February 1, 2021. The Company has also agreed that it will not issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance
of any common stock or common stock equivalents for a period of 180 days following the closing date, other than certain exempt issuances.
 The Underwriter s
Warrants are exercisable at per share of Common Stock and have a term of . The Underwriter s Warrants are subject
to a lock-up for 180 days from the commencement of sales in the Offering, including a mandatory lock-up period in accordance with FINRA
Rule 5110(e), and will be non-exercisable for six months after February 1, 2021. In addition, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement,
the Company granted Maxim a right of first refusal, for a period of twelve months from the commencement of sales in the Offering, to act
as sole managing underwriter and bookrunner any and all future public or private equity, equity-linked or debt (excluding commercial bank
debt) offerings. The total expenses of the offering are estimated to be approximately million, which included Maxim s expenses
relating to the offering. During 2021, Warrants issued in the Offering were exercised for shares of the Company s
common stock in consideration of . 

The gross proceeds to the Company, before deducting placement agent
fees and other offering expenses, are approximately million. On August 4, 2022, in connection with the Private Placement, the Company
entered into a registration rights with the Purchaser, pursuant to which the Company agreed to file a registration statement with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC to register for resale the Shares and any shares of the Company s common
stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants within 30 days of the signing of the Registration Rights Agreement, with such registration
statement becoming effective within 60 days after the signing of the Registration Rights Agreement, subject to adjustment in the event
of a review by the SEC. The Company is subject to customary penalties and liquidated damages in the event it does not meet certain filing
requirements and deadlines set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement. Pursuant to an engagement agreement, H.C. Wainwright 
Co., LLC (the Placement Agent was engaged by the Company to act as its placement agent for the Private Placement. The Company
agreed to pay the Placement Agent a cash fee equal to of the gross proceeds received by the Company in the Private Placement, in
addition to the reimbursement of certain expenses. The Company also agreed to issue to the Placement Agent warrants to purchase up to
 shares of Common Stock, exercisable for a period of and six months commencing on the issuance date, at an exercise price
of per share. 

F- 12 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

. 

F- 13 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

to . Maintenance
and repair costs are expensed as they are incurred while renewals and improvements which extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized.
At the time of retirement or disposal of property and equipment, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed
from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated results of operations. 

thousand during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

F- 14 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

-
 
 -

Total liabilities 
 
 -
 
 -

F- 15 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

F- 16 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

,063shares which of options to purchase of common stock at prices ranging from to per share and
 warrants to purchase of common stock at prices ranging from to per share. The effects of these options and warrants
been excluded as the conversion would be anti-dilutive due to the net loss incurred in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

shares which of options to purchase of common stock at prices ranging from to per
share and warrants to purchase of common stock at prices ranging from to per share. The effects of these options
and warrants been excluded as the conversion would be anti-dilutive due to the net loss incurred in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

and of advertising costs during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

F- 17 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

F- 18 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

to Cuentas, to WaveMAX and to Consultoria y Asesoria de Redes,
S.A. de C.V. Execon ). Execon currently manages approximately 20,000 WiFi endpoints with WaveMax in Mexico. . 

of the membership interests
of Cuentas SDI in exchange for in addition to a loan in the amount of that was provided to Cuentas SDI, LLC for the
marketing purposes. SDI Black previously transferred all of its assets including the platform, portals, domain names, and related software
necessary to conduct its business to Cuentas SDI. As of December 31, 2022, Cuentas SDI did not repay the loan to the Company and
therefore that Company wrote off the entire loan. 

F- 19 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

in the form of a convertible note that may be converted,
at the option of Cima, into up to of the total shares of Common Stock of the Company, par value per share (the Common
Stock on a fully diluted basis as of December 31, 2019. 

. The Company will amortize
the intangible assets on a straight-line basis over their expected useful life of 60 months. Identifiable intangible assets were recorded
as follows: 

Total 

. The Company will amortize the intangible assets
on a straight-line basis over their expected useful life of 60 months. Identifiable intangible assets were recorded as follows: 

Total 

2024 

2025 

Total 

for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. Amortization expense for
each period is included in operating expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment charges related
to the acquired intangible assets that consisted of perpetual software license in the amount of . 

F- 20 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Accrued salaries and wages 

Accrued bonuses 
 
 -

Total 

F- 21 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

to each of Mr. Maimon and Mr. De Prado due to the successful up-listing of the Company s shares on the Nasdaq
Capital Markets. On
August 26, 2021, the Company and Arik Maimon entered into a Founder/Executive Chairman Compensation Agreement. Additionally, on August
26, 2021, the Company and Michael De Prado entered into a Founder/Executive Vice-Chairman Compensation Agreement (the Compensation
Agreements ). The term of each of these Compensation Agreements became effective as of August 26, 2021 and replaces any prior arrangements
or employment agreements between the Company and each of Mr. Maimon and Mr. De Prado. Under the terms of the Compensation Agreements,
the Executives agreed to be employed by the Company for an initial continuous twelve-month term beginning on the effective date of August
26, 2021, and ending on August 25, 2022. The initial term would be automatically extended for additional one (1) year periods on the
same terms and conditions as set out in the Compensation Agreements; however, the Compensation Agreements, respectively, will not renew
automatically if either the Company or the respective Executive provide a written notice to the other of a decision not to renew, which
notice must be given at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the initial term or any subsequently renewed one (1) year term. This annual incentive
shall have a twelve (12) month performance period and will be based on a January 1 through December 31 calendar year, with the Executives 
entitlement to the annual incentive and the amount of such award, if any, remaining subject to the good faith discretion of the Board
of Directors. Any such annual incentive shall be paid by the end of the second quarter following the calendar year to which each respective
Executive s performance relates. Pursuant to of the cash consideration received by the shareholders of the Company in the change in control transaction. On
August 19, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a motion to appoint Arik Maimon as Interim CEO (in addition to his current
position as Chairman of the Board) and Michael De Prado as Interim President (in addition to his current position as Vice Chairman of
the Board). Both Arik Maimon and Michael De Prado agreed to assume these positions with no additional compensation. 

F- 22 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

years, ending on August 24, 2024. The initial term would be
automatically extended for additional one ) year periods on the same terms and conditions as set out in the Johnson Employment Agreement;
however, the Employment Agreement will not renew automatically if either the Company or Mr. Johnson provide a written notice to the other
of a decision not to renew, which notice must be given at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the initial term or any subsequently
renewed one (1) year term. Pursuant to the terms of the Johnson Employment Agreement, Mr. Johnson will receive an annual base salary of
three hundred thousand dollars 300) per year, and will be eligible for an annual incentive payment of up to one hundred percent of his base salary, which annual incentive payment shall be based on the Company s performance as compared to the goals established
by the Company s Board of Directors in consultation with Mr. Johnson. This annual incentive shall have a twelve (12) month performance
period and will be based on a January 1 through December 31 calendar year, with Mr. Johnson s entitlement to the annual incentive
and the amount of such award, if any, remaining subject to the good faith discretion of the Board of Directors. Pursuant to the terms
of the Johnson Employment Agreement, Mr. Johnson has the option to have any such earned annual incentive be paid in fully vested shares
of the Company s Common Stock, but must elect such option by the end of the first quarter following the relevant performance calendar
year period. Pursuant to the terms of the Johnson Employment Agreement,
subject to the shareholder approval of the 2021 Plan, the Company shall issue to Mr. Johnson an option to purchase up to 38,462 shares
of Common Stock; On August 18, 2022, Jeffery D. Johnson entered into a Separation of Employment Agreement between himself and the
Company and resigned as the chief executive officer of the Company effective immediately. On August 19, 2022, the Board of Directors approved
the Separation and General Release Agreement, approved the immediate acceleration of the vesting of options previously issued to
him under the Stock Option Plan that will be exercisable for a period of after the resignation and noted that the separation
was cordial and positive. Mr. Johnson received a onetime Separation Payment of 100and the Company paid all costs for COBRA (health insurance)
benefits through the end of calendar year 2022. 

and he will not be entitled to a cash payment of his accrued vacation and sick days. 

in the form of a convertible note that may be converted, at the option of Cima, into up to of the total shares of Common Stock of
the Company, par value per share (the Common Stock on a fully diluted basis as of December 31, 2019 . 

On August 2, 2022, the Company and CIMA, along with two of CIMA s wholly-owned subsidiaries, Knetik and Auris
executed a Settlement Agreement and General Release Settlement Agreement which provides the following: In exchange for
the consideration provided in the Settlement Agreement, (1) the Company paid CIMA on or about August 2, 2022 and (2) on or about
August 15, 2022, Cuentas paid CIMA the balance of the unpaid Fees of CIMA agreed: (i) to restore immediately Cuentas s access
to the Platform upon receipt of the payment ; (ii) to provide Cuentas with a limited license to utilize the Platform the terms of
which are detailed specifically in the Settlement Agreement, and to use reasonable efforts, subject to Cuentas compliance hereto,
to provide the Company s customer data to the Company through the end of the limited license term; (iii) deliver to the Company
the Source Code relating to Out-Of-Scope Services, and as further detailed in the settlement agreement; The Settlement Agreement also
provides other terms and for mutual general releases by the Company for the benefit of CIMA and by CIMA for the benefit of the Company
of all claims other than claims relating to a breach of the Settlement Agreement. The settlement agreement by its terms in effect terminates
the obligations under the license agreement, dated December 31, 2019 by and between the Company and CIMA. Per the settlement agreement,
the ownership of the platforms will be maintained by the Company and Cima will not be obligated to provide services under the license
agreement 

F- 23 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31,2021, respectively. 

Total Due from related parties 

Total Due from related parties 
 -

for the maintenance and support services in accordance with the software maintenance agreement
for the second calendar year from the Effective Date and other software development services. 

Consulting fees to Angelo De Prado (a) 
 
 -

Consulting fees to Sima Maimon Bakhar (b) 
 
 -

Doubtful accounts Cuentas SDI LLC 
 
 -

Consulting fees to Carol Pepper (d) 
 -

Cima Telecom Inc. (c) 

thousand for the maintenance
and support services in accordance with the software maintenance agreement and the a Settlement Agreement and General Release dated August
2, 2022 and for the first half of the second calendar year from the effective date of the agreement, thousand for software development
and other services during 2022 and thousand for software development and other services during 2022. Refer to note 10. The maintenance
and support services amd nost of the software development and other services were recorded in cost of goods sold in the Digital products
and General-Purpose Reloadable Cards segment. 

F- 24 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

options to its member of the board of the Directors of the Company. The options carry an exercise price of per share. half of the
options vested on December 30, 2022 and the balance shall vest on the first anniversary of grant date, so long as they engaged by the
Company on that date. The Options are exercisable until December 30, 2032. The Company has estimated the fair value of such options at
a value of at the date of issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 

Dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (years) 

Expected volatility 

options previously issued under the Stock Option Plan
to Jeffery D. Johnson that will be exercisable for a period of after his resignation. 

options
to its two members of the board of the Directors of the Company. The options carry an exercise price of per share. half of the
options vested on May17, 2022 and the balance shall vest on the first anniversary of grant date, so long as they engaged by the Company
on that date. The Options are exercisable until May 17, 2032. The Company has estimated the fair value of such options at a value of 
at the date of issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 

Dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (years) 

Expected volatility 

F- 25 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

options to its Chief Operating Officer of the Company. The options carry an exercise price of per share. of the options vested
on February 1, 2022. The option shall vest on the first, second and third anniversary of grant date, so long as its Chief Operating Officer
is employed by the Company on that date. The Options are exercisable until January 31, 2032. The Company has estimated the fair value
of such options at a value of at the date of issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 

Dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (years) 

Expected volatility 

stock options to executives officers and non-employee directors. The options vest on the terms set forth on the table below.
Such options can be exercised until, November 2, 2031, and were approved by the Company s shareholders on December 15, 2021. 

Shalom Arik Maimon 

Michael DePrado 

Ran Daniel 

Richard Berman 

Yochanon Bruk 

Jeff Lewis 

David Schottenstein 

Adiv Baruch 

Carol Pepper 

at the date of issuance using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model using the following assumptions: 

Dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (years) 

Expected volatility 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

F- 26 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

ordinary shares
are reserved under the 2021 equity incentive plan. 

Shares of Common Stock issued 

Shares issued for services 
 7, 693 
 
 Treasury stock 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

shares
of its Common Stock pursuant to a Service Agreement between the Company and a service provider. The fair market value of the shares at
the issuance date was . 

shares of the Company s common stock, par value, pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares
of Common and warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock. The purchase price per Share and associated Common Stock Warrant
was and the purchase price per Pre Funded Warrant and associated Common Stock Warrant was . Each Common Stock Warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. Each Pre Funded Warrant entitles the holder
to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. The Common Stock Warrants are exercisable for a period
of and commencing on the issuance date and the Pre Funded Warrants are exercisable until exercised. The Warrants
also contain customary beneficial ownership limitations that may be waived at the option of each holder upon 61 days notice to
the Company. The Private Placement closed on August 8, 2022. The gross proceeds to the Company, before deducting placement agent
fees and other offering expenses, are approximately million. On August 4, 2022, in connection with the Private Placement, the Company
entered into a registration rights with the Purchaser, pursuant to which the Company agreed to file a registration statement with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC to register for resale the Shares and any shares of the Company s common
stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants within 30 days of the signing of the Registration Rights Agreement, with such registration
statement becoming effective within 60 days after the signing of the Registration Rights Agreement, subject to adjustment in the event
of a review by the SEC. The Company is subject to customary penalties and liquidated damages in the event it does not meet certain filing
requirements and deadlines set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement. Pursuant to an engagement agreement, H.C. Wainwright 
Co., LLC (the Placement Agent was engaged by the Company to act as its placement agent for the Private Placement. The Company
agreed to pay the Placement Agent a cash fee equal to of the gross proceeds received by the Company in the Private Placement, in
addition to the reimbursement of certain expenses. The Company also agreed to issue to the Placement Agent warrants to purchase up to
 shares of Common Stock, exercisable for a period of and commencing on the issuance date, at an exercise price
of per share. The fair market of those warrants was thousand as of date of issuance. 

F- 27 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

. As of December 31, 2022 the company accrued thousand due to this matter. 

The
Settlement Agreement also provides for mutual general releases by Cuentas for the benefit of CIMA and by CIMA for the benefit of Cuentas
of all claims other than claims relating to a breach of the Settlement Agreement. The settlement agreement by its terms in effect terminates
the obligations under the license agreement, dated December 31, 2019 by and between Cuentas and CIMA. The Company did not exercise its
exclusive right to facilitate a third party purchase of, all of the shares of Cuentas held by CIMA. As of December 31, 2022 the company
fulfilled all its obligation under the settlement agreement. 

F- 28 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

The Company is vigorously defending itself against this complaint and on November
8, 2022, filed a Motion to Dismiss for Lack of Jurisdiction and a Motion to Change Venue. 

. 

Digital products and General Purpose Reloadable Cards 

Total revenue 

Digital products and General Purpose Reloadable Cards 

Total revenue 

Total revenue 
 - 

and of the Company s total
revenue, respectively for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. All of the Company s sales were generated in
the U.S in 2022 and 2021. 

change of ownership. The Company has not performed an analysis under IRC 382 related to changes in ownership, which could place certain
limits on the company s ability to fully utilize its NOLs and tax credits. The Company s has added a note to its financial
statements to disclose that there may be some limitations and that an analysis has not been performed. In the interim, the Company has
placed a full valuation allowance on its NOLs and other deferred tax items. 

F- 29 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. When it is more likely than not
that a tax asset will not be realized through future income, the Company must allow for this future tax benefit. We provided a full valuation
allowance on the net deferred tax asset, consisting of net operating loss carry forwards, because management has determined that it is
more likely than not that we will not earn income sufficient to realize the deferred tax assets during the carry forward period. 

Federal and State statutory rate 

Theoretical tax benefit on the above amount at federal statutory tax rate 

Permanent differences 

Losses and other items for which a valuation allowance was provided or benefit from loss carry forward 

Actual tax income (expense) 
 -
 
 -

Adjustments 

Valuation allowance 

-
 
 -

Increase 

Valuation allowance, December 31, 2022 

F- 30 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Core has agreed to sell a portion of its interest in
the Lakewood Manager to the Company and the Company has agreed to issue to Core a number of the Company s common shares to
acquire million of equity in the Lakewood Manager . The Company has agreed to issue to Core a number of the Company s
common shares equal to of the total number of post- issuance, authorized, issued and outstanding shares on a fully diluted
basis measured on a going forward basis to account for the exercise in the future of any currently issued and outstanding warrants
and options as of the date of the agreement, of the Company s stock free and clear of any liens, claims or encumbrances. If
for any reason, the Company is unable to issue sufficient shares to satisfy the Ownership Percentage or as a result of the
exercise and issue of any stock warrants or options outstanding as of the date of the Agreement, the Percentage Membership Interest
to be issued by Core to Cuentas pursuant to the Letter of Intent shall be reduced by the same percentage that the actual
post-issuance ownership percentage falls below the Ownership Ratio. The Percentage of Membership Interest Acquired will be
determined by selection of two competent valuation professionals, one by each Party, to prepare a written opinion of the fair market
value of Core s Interest in Lakewood Managers as of the Closing Date provided that, the difference between two appraisals does
not exceed , then the average of the fair market value of the two appraisals shall represent the Appraised Value
Denominator for purposes of determining the Percentage Membership Interest to be transferred by Core to the Company. If the
difference between two appraisals is more than , then the Parties shall mutually select a third competent valuation expert who
shall prepare a third opinion of the fair market value of Core s Interest in Lakewood Manager, and the average of the three
opinions of the fair market value of Core s Interest in Lakewood Manager shall be the Appraised Value Denominator. The
Percentage Membership Interest to be assigned and transferred shall equal the Purchase Price divided by the Appraised Value
Denominator. Core s transfer of the Percentage Membership Interest is subject to approval by Lakewood Manager. The Company
agreed to be bound by the rights and obligations of the current Operating Agreement and other agreements of Lakewood Manager and
Core shall have the right continue to exercise its management and other decision making rights at Lakewood Manager and will provide
customary rights afforded minority interest holders in limited liability companies provided under Florida law. The
Company s obligation to consummate and enter into a definitive purchase and sale agreement is contingent on board of director
and shareholder approval. 

of its interest in the Lakewood Manager to Cuentas and Cuentas has agreed to issue to Core of the Company s
common shares to acquire the equity in the Lakewood Manager valued at . The of the Company s share was equal
to of the total number of current issued and outstanding shares of the Company as of the date of this Agreement. The Company closed
this transaction on or about March 9th, 2023. 

or more per share for a minimum of ten consecutive trading sessions.
The Company is taking definitive steps to timely evidence compliance with the terms of the Panel s decision; however, there can
be no assurance that it will be able to do so by April 6, 2023, or that the Panel will grant a further extension if required. 

F- 31 

CUENTAS,
INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

for Michael De Prado for fiscal year 2022 and for Arik Maimon for fiscal year 2022. Those annual
Incentives were paid on March 10, 2023. On March 9, 2023 the Board of Directors of the Company approved an annual Incentive of 
for Michael De Prado for fiscal year 2022 and for Arik Maimon for fiscal year 2022. Those annual Incentives were paid on March
10, 2023. 

(or, at such Investor s option upon issuance, of the Company s outstanding Common Stock immediately following
the consummation of the Registered Offering. Each Pre-Funded Warrant represents the right to purchase one share of Common Stock at an
exercise price of per share. The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable immediately and may be exercised at any time until the Pre-Funded
Warrants are exercised in full. 

per share. 

of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the offering, plus
a management fee equal to of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the offerings, a non-accountable expense of 
and for clearing expenses. The Company has also agreed to issue to Wainwright or its designees warrants to purchase shares
of Common Stock (the PA Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the PA Warrants,
the PA Warrant Shares ). The PA Warrants have a term of five years from the commencement
of sales in the offering, and have an exercise price of per share. 

million. 

shares of its Common
Stock pursuant to a Settlement between the Company and a service provider. The fair market value of the shares at the issuance date was
 . 

shares
of its Common Stock pursuant to a Service Agreement between the Company and a service provider. The fair market value of the shares at
the issuance date was . 

F- 32 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

Incorporated by reference 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 Period ending 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing date 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, dated August 21, 2020. 

8-K 

3.1 
 
 2020-08-21 
 
 3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Association, dated January 28, 2021. 

8-K 

3.2 
 
 2021-08-21 
 
 3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, filed on January 28, 2021. 

8-K 

3.1 
 
 2021-02-05 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, filed on March 23, 2023. 

8-K 

3.1 
 
 2023-03-30 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Warrant 

8-K 

4.1 
 
 2022-08-09 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant 

8-K 

4.2 
 
 2022-08-09 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant 

8-K 

4.3 
 
 2022-08-09 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant 

8-K 

4.1 
 
 2023-02-08 
 
 4.5 

Form of Purchase Warrant 

8-K 

4.2 
 
 2023-02-08 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant 

8-K 

4.3 
 
 2023-02-08 
 
 10.1 
 
 Binding letter of intent 

8-K 

10.1 
 
 2022-01-11 
 
 10.2 
 
 Second First Amendments to binding letter of intent 

8-K 

10.1 
 
 2022-05-03 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 4, 2022 between the Company and the Purchaser 

8-K 

10.1 
 
 2022-08-09 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated August 4, 2022 between the Company and the Purchaser 

8-K 

10.2 
 
 2022-08-09 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Engagement Agreement dated August 3, 2022 between the Company and the Placement Agent. 

8-K 

10.3 
 
 2022-08-09 
 
 10.6 
 
 Settlement Agreement and General Release 

8-K 

10.1 
 
 2022-08-04 
 
 10.7 
 
 Separation Agreement, dated as of August 18, 2022, by and between Cuentas, Inc. and Jeffery D. Johnson 

8-K 

10.1 
 
 2022-08-24 
 
 10.8 
 
 Software licensing and transaction sharing agreement -Redacted 

8-K 

10.1 
 
 2022-08-26 
 
 10.9 
 
 Independent sales organization processing agreement redacted 

8-K 

10.2 
 
 2022-08-26 
 
 10.10 
 
 Marketing Agreement 

10-Q 

10.4 
 
 2022-11-14 
 
 10.11 
 
 Binding Letter of Intent with Core Development
 Holdings Corporation Core 

8-K 

10.1 
 
 2023-01-05 
 
 10.12 
 
 Amendment to Binding Letter of Intent 

8-K 

10.3 
 
 2023-02-03 
 
 10.13 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (MIPA) 

8-K 

10.1 
 
 2023-02-03 
 
 10.14 
 
 Assignment and Assumption of Membership Interests 

8-K 

10.2 
 
 2023-02-03 
 
 10.15 
 
 Limited Guaranty Agreement 

8-K 

10.4 
 
 2023-02-03 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 

8-K 

10.1 
 
 2023-02-08 
 
 10.17 
 
 Amendment to Ran Daniel Employment Agreement, dated August 5, 2021 

10-Q 

10.4 
 
 2021-08-23 
 
 10.18 
 
 2021 Share Incentive Plan 

10-Q 

10.5 
 
 2021-08-23 
 
 10.19 
 
 Founder/Executive Chairman Compensation Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2021, by and between Cuentas, Inc. and Shalom Arik Maimon 

8-K 

10.2 
 
 2021-08-31 
 
 10.20 
 
 Founder/Executive Vice-Chairman Compensation Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2021, by and between Cuentas, Inc. and Michael De Prado 

8-K 

10.3 
 
 2021-08-31 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Halperin Ilanit 
 
 X 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Yarel + Partners 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 X 

32.1 
 
 Certification Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 X 

32.2 
 
 Certification Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 X 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

40 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused the report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Cuentas,
 Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Arik Maimon 

Arik
 Maimon, 

Interim
 CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Arik Maimon 
 
 Interim
 CEO and 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Arik
 Maimon 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 

/s/
 Ran Daniel 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Ran
 Daniel 

/s/
 Michael De Prado 
 
 Vice
 Chairman and Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Michael
 De Prado 

/s/
 Adiv Baruch 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Adiv
 Baruch 

/s/
 Yochanon Bruk 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Yochanon
 Bruk 

/s/
 Sara Sooy 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Sara
 Sooy 

/s/
 Lexi Terrero 
 
 Director

March
 31, 2023 
 
 Lexi
Terrero 

/s/
Haim Yeffet 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Haim Yeffet 

41 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex23-1_cuentasinc.htm
 CONSENT OF HALPERIN ILANIT

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in this Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-269080) and Form S-3 (File No. 333-267268 and File No. 333-262727) with respect
to our audits of the financial statements of Cuentas, Inc. as of December 31, 2021 and for the year in the period ended December 31,
2021, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cuentas, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Halperin Ilanit 

 Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) 

Tel Aviv, Israel 

 March 31, 2022 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-2_cuentasinc.htm
 CONSENT OF YAREL + PARTNERS

Exhibit 23.2 

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S
CONSENT 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statement of Cuentas, Inc. on Form S-8 (File No. 333-269080) and Form S-3 (File No. 333-267268 and File No. 333-262727) of our report
dated March 31, 2023, with respect to our audit of the financial statements of Cuentas, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and for year then
ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cuentas, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Yarel + Partners 

Tel- Aviv, Israel 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_cuentasinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF 

 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jeffrey Johnson, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Cuentas Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Arik Maimon 

Arik Maimon 

Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_cuentasinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ran Daniel, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Cuentas Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Ran Daniel 

Ran Daniel 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_cuentasinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report on Form
10-K of Cuentas Inc. (the Company for the twelve-months ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Ran Daniel, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Arik Maimon 

Arik Maimon 

Interim Chief Executive Officer and 
 Charmain of the Board 

This certification accompanies each Report pursuant
to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed
filed by the Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement
required by 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_cuentasinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report on Form
10-K of Cuentas Inc. (the Company for the twelve-months ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Ran Daniel, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Ran Daniel 

Ran Daniel 

Chief Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies each Report pursuant
to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed
filed by the Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement
required by 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 cuen-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 cuen-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 cuen-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 cuen-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 cuen-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

