<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230302_10-K_edgar_data_320340_0001437749-23-005161.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5818753</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105974</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1011686</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1620200</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1490864</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1453357</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-005161.hdr.sgml : 20230302
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230302084243
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-005161
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230302

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CoreCard Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000320340
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				581964787
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09330
		FILM NUMBER:		23696546

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4355 SHACKLEFORD RD
		CITY:			NORCROSS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30093
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4043812900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4355 SHACKLEFORD ROAD
		CITY:			NORCROSS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30093

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTELLIGENT SYSTEMS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951127

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-005161.txt : 20230302

10-K
 1
 ins20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

ins20221231_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from_________ to ____________ 

 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
			 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
			 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
			 Trading Symbol(s) 
			 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
			 
			 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use to the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2022 was (computed using the closing price of the common stock on June 30, 2022 as reported by the NYSE). 

As of February 28, 2023, shares of common stock of the registrant were outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: Portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held June 1, 2023 are incorporated by reference in Part III hereof. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Part I 

Item 

1. 
			 Business 
			 1 

1B. 
			 Unresolved Staff Comments 
			 4 

2. 
			 Properties 
			 4 

3. 
			 Legal Proceedings 
			 4 

4. 
			 Mine Safety Disclosures 
			 4 

Part II 

5. 
			 
			 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
			 
			 5 

7. 
			 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
			 6 

8. 
			 Financial Statements 
			 12 

9. 
			 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
			 12 

9A. 
			 Controls and Procedures 
			 12 

9B. 
			 Other Information 
			 13 

Part III 

10. 
			 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
			 13 

11. 
			 Executive Compensation 
			 13 

12. 
			 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
			 13 

13. 
			 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
			 14 

14. 
			 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
			 14 

Part IV 

15. 
			 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
			 15 

Signatures 
			 
			 16 

PART I 

Forward-Looking Statements 

In addition to historical information, this Form 10-K may contain forward-looking statements relating to CoreCard Corporation CoreCard ). All statements, trend analyses and other information contained in the following discussion relative to markets for our products and trends in revenue, gross margins and anticipated expense levels, as well as other statements including words such as may , will , anticipate , believe , intend , plan , estimate , expect , strategy and likely , and other similar expressions constitute forward-looking statements. Prospective investors and current shareholders are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. A number of the factors that we believe could impact our future operations are discussed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of this Form 10-K. CoreCard undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes in future operating results except as required by law. 

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

Overview 

CoreCard Corporation, a Georgia corporation, and its predecessor companies have operated since 1973 and its securities have been publicly traded since 1980. In this report, sometimes we use the terms Company , us , ours , we , Registrant and similar words to refer to CoreCard Corporation and subsidiaries. Our executive offices are located in Norcross, Georgia and our website is www.corecard.com. 

We are primarily engaged in the business of providing technology solutions and processing services to the financial technology and services market, commonly referred to as the FinTech industry. Our operations are conducted through our affiliate companies located in Romania, India, the United Arab Emirates and Colombia, as well as the corporate office in Norcross, Georgia which provides significant administrative, human resources and executive management support. CoreCard s foreign subsidiaries are CoreCard SRL in Romania, CoreCard Software Pvt Ltd in India, CoreCard Colombia SAS in Colombia and CoreCard Software DMCC in the United Arab Emirates, that perform software development and testing as well as processing operations support. 

For further information about trends and risks likely to impact our business, please refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 

CoreCard designs, develops and markets a comprehensive suite of software solutions to program managers, accounts receivable businesses, financial institutions, retailers and processors to manage their credit and debit cards, prepaid cards, private label cards, fleet cards, buy now pay later programs, loyalty programs and accounts receivable and loan transactions. CoreCard utilizes the same core software solution in its processing operations as it sells to licensees, although licensees typically request a variety of customizations which may or may not deviate from the core software solution offering. 

The CoreCard software solutions allow companies to offer any type of transacting account or card issuing program as well as installment and revolving loans, to set up and maintain account data, to record advances and payments, to assess fees, interest and other charges, to resolve disputes and chargebacks, to manage collections of accounts receivable, to generate reports and to settle transactions with financial institutions and network schemes. 

1

The CoreCard proprietary software applications are based on CoreCard s core financial transaction processing platform (CoreENGINE and address the unique requirements of customers and program managers that issue or process: 

Credit Cards/Loans revolving or non-revolving credit issued to consumer or business accounts (with or without a physical card) that typically involve interest, fees, settlement, collections, etc. Within this market, CoreCard offers software specifically tailored to handle private label cards, network branded (i.e., MasterCard, VISA, American Express or Discover) bank cards, fleet cards, loans of any type, or any other type of system of record accounts receivable. 

Prepaid/Debit Cards pre-loaded funds drawn down for purchase or cash withdrawal typically involving a variety of fees but no interest. Numerous examples exist including gift cards, loyalty/reward cards, health benefit cards, payroll and benefits disbursement, student aid disbursement, government assistance payments, corporate expense cards, transit cards and any other type of system of record stored value accounts. 

The CoreCard software solutions allow customers to optimize their card account management systems, improve customer retention, lower operating costs and create greater market differentiation. The CoreCard solutions are feature-rich, have web interfaces including a standard library of APIs and contain financial transaction processing solutions that allow customers to automate, streamline and optimize business processes associated with the set-up, administration, management and settlement of credit, prepaid and loan accounts, to process transactions, and to generate reports and statements for these accounts. In addition, because the CoreCard products are designed to run on lower cost, scalable PC-based servers, rather than expensive legacy mainframe computers, customers may benefit from lower overall costs since the solution provides scalability by adding additional servers as card volume grows. The CoreCard product functionality includes embedded multi-lingual, multi-currency support, web-based interface, real-time processing, complex rules-based authorizations, account hierarchies, documented APIs for easy integration to the backend functionality and robust fee libraries. These features support customer-defined pricing and payment terms and allow CoreCard s customers to create new and innovative card programs to differentiate themselves in the marketplace and improve customer retention. 

We believe CoreCard is unique among software companies because it offers a full array of card and account management software solutions, available either for in-house license or outsourced processing by CoreCard s processing business Processing Services at the customer s option. CoreCard also provides customers with a unique option to license the same CoreCard software that is used in the CoreCard processing environment and transfer it in-house for customer-controlled processing at a later date. 

License CoreCard sells a software license to a customer who then runs the CoreCard software system, configured for the customer s unique requirements, at a customer controlled location. It usually requires substantial additional resources from CoreCard to customize or operate the licensed software. CoreCard is de-emphasizing the license option. 

Processing Services CoreCard offers processing services that allow customers to outsource their card processing requirements to CoreCard. CoreCard manages all aspects of the processing functions using its proprietary software configured for each processing customer. 

We continue to add resources to expand upon our infrastructure investment to support CoreCard s Processing Services line of business. CoreCard processes prepaid cards and credit cards (private label and open loop/network) for a number of customers and anticipates steadily growing this business further in 2023 and future years. CoreCard has multiple secure processing data centers at third party locations, is certified as compliant with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standards and has an SOC 1 and SOC 2 independent audit report that can be relied on by its prepaid and credit processing customers. It has obtained certification from American Express, Discover, MasterCard, Visa, Star and Pulse. 

CoreCard added Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. as a customer in 2018, referred to as Customer A in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which represented 75 and 71 of our consolidated revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We expect future professional services, maintenance, and license revenue from this customer in 2023 and future years, however the amount and timing will be dependent on various factors not in our control such as the number of accounts on file and the level of customization needed by the customer. 

CoreCard has relationships with several financial institutions that are important for network certification, referrals for processing or program managers, and sponsoring prospective card programs. 

CoreCard has Program Manager capabilities in addition to processing services, which has allowed us to gain additional experience and adding the potential for increased revenue, although we do not expect any significant revenue impact as a Program Manager in the near term. 

2

CoreCard s principal target markets include consumer revolving credit portfolios, accounts receivable businesses, prepaid card issuers, retail and private-label issuers (large and small), small third-party processors, and small, mid-size and large financial institutions in the United States. CoreCard has customers in international markets as well. CoreCard competes with third-party card processors that allow customers to outsource their account transaction processing rather than acquire software to manage their transactions in-house. CoreCard competes with several larger and more established processors. Many of CoreCard s competitors, especially certain processors, have significantly more financial, marketing and development resources than CoreCard and have large, established customer bases often tied to long-term contracts. CoreCard believes it can compete successfully in its selected markets by providing to its licensed software customers and processing customers a robust technology platform, greater system flexibility and more customer-driven marketing options. Additionally, the size and flexibility of CoreCard makes it possible to get to market more quickly with customized, flexible programs. Under our Processing Services option, customers can contract with CoreCard to provide processing services for their accounts using CoreCard software configured to the customer s preferences, with an option to license the same software and bring it in-house when and if the customer decides to become its own processor in the future. We believe this transition path for customers is unique in the industry. 

The CoreCard software platform and modules include CoreCREDIT , CoreENGINE , CoreISSUE , CoreFRAUD , CoreCOLLECT , CoreAPP , CoreMONEY and CoreACQUIRE . Using a proprietary, base transaction processing platform called CoreENGINE, the CoreCard application modules have been further enhanced to meet the specific requirements of different market segments; for instance, CoreISSUE is available in different versions tailored to the requirements for issuing prepaid cards, fleet cards, bank cards or private label cards/accounts as well as accounts receivable management. In addition, CoreCard configures and/or customizes its robust base modules with additional or specific functionality to meet each customer s requirements. The Company has developed and licensed such products to customers in the prepaid, fleet, private label, retail and credit markets. As is typical of most software companies, CoreCard expects to continually enhance and upgrade its existing software solutions and to develop additional modules to meet changing customer and market requirements. To date, CoreCard has focused its extensive development and limited sales activities on building a base of customers in each of its target markets, as well as putting in place the infrastructure and processes to be able to scale the business successfully, particularly for the Processing Services business. 

Historically, most of the Company s sales have resulted from prospects contacting CoreCard based on an online search or through industry referrals. CoreCard typically sells its products directly to customers, often in competitive situations, with relatively long sales and implementation cycles. 

We have several revenue streams. We receive software license fees that vary depending upon the number of licensed users, number of accounts on the system, and the number of software modules licensed. We also derive service revenue from implementation, customization, and annual maintenance and support contracts for our licensed software. Processing customers pay an implementation and setup fee plus monthly service fees, primarily based on number of accounts, under a contract with a term of generally three or more years. Depending on factors such as contract terms, customer implementation and testing schedule, and extent of customization or configuration required and whether we are licensing or processing, the timing of revenue recognition on contracts may lead to considerable fluctuation in revenue and profitability. There are often delays in implementation cycles, especially for processing customers, due to third party approvals or processes that are outside of CoreCard s control and thus it is difficult to predict with certainty when we will be able to begin recognizing revenue on new contracts. 

CoreCard s licensed software products are used by its customers to manage and process various credit, debit and prepaid card programs and there are a number of federal and state regulations governing the issuance of and the processing of financial transactions associated with such cards. CoreCard s customers are required to comply with such regulations and, to the extent that customers depend on their licensed CoreCard software to manage and process their card accounts, the CoreCard software features and functionality must allow customers to comply with the various governmental regulations. CoreCard continually evaluates applicable regulations and regularly upgrades and enhances its software to help its customers meet their obligations to comply with current and anticipated governmental regulations. As part of CoreCard s processing business, CoreCard provides compliance-related services, including data and network security, customer identification screening and regular reporting, which enable its customers to be in compliance with applicable governmental regulations including but not limited to the Bank Secrecy Act and Anti-Money Laundering regulations with final responsibility for compliance resting with the customer. Depending on the extent of changes and new governmental regulations, CoreCard will regularly incur additional costs to modify its software and services to be compliant. CoreCard has no costs related to compliance with environmental laws. 

Our business is not considered seasonal although the use of certain of our products may grow with the summer travel season for our Middle East customers and higher end-of-year spending patterns and possibly cause a small revenue increase during these periods. 

3

Development Costs 

We spent 11.7 million and 8.9 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, on software development. We maintain a workforce of over 1,100 employees in our offshore operations in India, Romania, the United Arab Emirates and Colombia for software development and testing, as well as operations support for processing services. We are continuously improving our financial technology software in response to market requirements and trends and expect to continue to do so. Additionally, we are working on a new platform to maintain the latest technology. 

Patents, Trademarks and Trade Secrets 

We have one U.S. patent covering aspects of CoreCard s core software platform. It may be possible for competitors to duplicate certain aspects of our products and processes even though we regard such aspects as proprietary. We have registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and several foreign jurisdictions various trademarks and service marks for our products. We believe that an active trade secret, trade name, trademark, and copyright protection program is one element in developing and maintaining brand recognition and protecting our intellectual property. We presently market our products under trademarks and service marks such as CoreCard, CoreENGINE , CoreISSUE , CoreCOLLECT , CoreMONEY and others. 

Personnel 

As of February 15, 2023, we had approximately 1,200 full-time equivalent employees (including our subsidiaries in the United States and foreign countries). Of these, the majority are involved in CoreCard s software development, testing and operations, and 7 in corporate functions. Our employees are not represented by a labor union, we have not had any work stoppages or strikes, and we believe our employee relations are good. 

Financial Information About Geographic Areas 

See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Except for the risk associated with fluctuations in currency, we do not believe there are any specific risks attendant to our foreign operations that are significantly different than the general business risks discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES 

As of December 31, 2022, we had a lease covering approximately 27,000 square feet in Norcross, Georgia to house our product development, sales, service and administration operations for our domestic operations. Our Norcross lease was renewed March 1, 2022 for a five year term. Our Colombia lease was signed in November 2021 for a five year term covering approximately 4,300 square feet. We lease approximately 2,900 square feet of office space in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. We also lease a small office in Timisoara, Romania. We own a 6,350 square foot office facility in Bhopal, India, to house the software development and testing activities of our offshore subsidiaries; we lease approximately 8,500 square feet of additional office space in the same facility in Bhopal, India; in June 2022 we leased an additional facility in Bhopal of approximately 12,500 square feet; and we lease approximately 5,500 square feet in Mumbai, India to house additional staff for our offshore software development activities. We believe our facilities are adequate for the foreseeable future. 

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not a party to any material pending legal proceedings. 

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

4

PART II 

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is listed and traded on the NYSE under the symbol CCRD . We had 151 shareholders of record as of February 15, 2023. This number does not include beneficial owners of our common stock whose shares are held in the names of various dealers, clearing agencies, banks, brokers and other fiduciaries. The Company has not paid regular dividends in the past and does not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Repurchases of Securities 

In April 2021, the Board authorized 10 million for our share repurchase program, all of which has been utilized. In May 2022, the Board authorized an additional 20 million for our share repurchase program. Under this publicly announced program, we are authorized to repurchase shares through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws, including through Rule 10b5-1 trading plans and under Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. We have approximately 18.3 million of authorized share repurchases remaining at December 31, 2022. 

The following table sets forth information regarding our purchases of shares of our common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

Total Number 

			 of Shares 

			 Purchased 

Average Price 

			 Paid per Share 1 

Total Number of 

			 Shares Purchased 

			 as Part of Publicly 

			 Announced 

			 Program 

Maximum 

			 Approximate Dollar 

			 Value of Shares that 

			 May Yet Be 

			 Purchased Under the 

			 Program 

October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

18,631,000 

November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

18,631,000 

December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 

10,134 

28.86 

10,134 

18,338,000 

Total 

10,134 

28.86 

10,134 

18,338,000 

1 This price includes per share commissions paid. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

See Item 12 for information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

5

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There have been no sales of unregistered securities by the Company during the period covered by this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Executive Summary 

Our consolidated operations consist of our CoreCard Software subsidiary and its affiliate companies in Romania, India, the United Arab Emirates and Colombia as well as a corporate office in Atlanta, Georgia which provides significant administrative, human resources and executive management support. 

We provide technology solutions and processing services to the financial services market, commonly referred to as the FinTech industry. We derive our product revenue from licensing our comprehensive suite of financial transaction management software to financial institutions, retailers, processors and accounts receivable businesses to manage their credit and debit cards, prepaid cards, private label cards, fleet cards, buy now pay later programs, loyalty programs, and accounts receivable and loan transactions. Our service revenue consists of fees for software maintenance and support for licensed software products, fees for processing services that we provide to companies that outsource their financial transaction processing functions to us, and professional services primarily for software customizations provided to both license and processing customers. 

Our results vary in part depending on the size and number of software licenses recognized as well as the value and number of professional services contracts recognized in a particular period. As we continue to grow our Processing Services business, we continue to gain economies of scale on the investments we have made in the infrastructure, resources, processes and software features developed over the past number of years to support this growing side of our business. We are adding new processing customers at a faster pace than we are adding new license customers, resulting in steady growth in the processing revenue stream. However, we also receive license revenue and are experiencing growth in our professional services revenue due to the addition of Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. as a customer in 2018, referred to as Customer A in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. In total, this customer represented 75 percent and 71 percent of our consolidated revenues for 2022 and 2021, respectively. We expect future professional services, maintenance and license revenue from this customer in 2023 and future years; however, the amount and timing will be dependent on various factors not in our control such as the number of accounts on file and the level of customization needed by the customer. License revenue from this customer, similar to other license arrangements, is tiered based on the number of active accounts on the system. Once the customer achieves each tier level, they receive a perpetual license up to that number of accounts; inactive accounts do not count toward the license tier. The customer receives an unlimited perpetual license at a maximum tier level that allows them to utilize the software for any number of active accounts. They previously used the software for a single institution. In the first quarter of 2022 they added an additional customer, resulting in additional one-time license fees. Support and maintenance fees are charged based on the tier level achieved and increase at new tier levels. 

The infrastructure of our multi customer environment is scalable for the future. A significant portion of our expense is related to personnel, including more than 1,100 employees located in India, Romania, the United Arab Emirates and Colombia. In 2017, we opened a second office in India, located near Mumbai, to enable us to attract the level of talent required for our software development and testing. In October 2020, we opened an office in Dubai, United Arab Emirates to support CoreCard s expansion of processing services into new markets in the Asia Pacific, Middle East, Africa and European regions. In October 2021, we opened a new location in Bogot , Colombia to support existing customers and continued growth. Our ability to hire and train employees on our processes and software impacts our ability to onboard new customers and deliver professional services for software customizations. In addition, we have certain corporate office expenses associated with being a public company that impact our operating results. 

Our revenue fluctuates from period to period and our results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected in future periods. It is difficult to predict the level of consolidated revenue on a quarterly basis for various reasons, including the following: 

Software license revenue in a given period may consist of a relatively small number of contracts, and contract values can vary considerably depending on the software product and scope of the license sold. Consequently, even minor delays in delivery under a software contract, which may be out of our control, could have a significant and unpredictable impact on the consolidated revenue that we recognize in a given quarterly or annual period. 

Customers may decide to postpone or cancel a planned implementation of our software for any number of reasons, which may be unrelated to our software or contract performance, that may affect the amount, timing and characterization of our deferred and/or recognized revenue. 

6

Customers typically require our professional services to modify or enhance their CoreCard software implementation based on their specific business strategy and operational requirements, which vary from customer to customer and period to period. 

The timing of new processing customer implementations is often dependent on third party approvals or processes which are typically not under our direct control. 

We continue to maintain a strong cash position. We intend to use cash balances to support the domestic and international operations associated with our CoreCard business and to expand our operations in the FinTech industry through financing the growth of CoreCard and, if appropriate opportunities become available, through acquisitions of businesses in this industry. In April 2021, the Board authorized 10 million for our share repurchase program, all of which has been utilized. We made share repurchases of 5.3 million in 2022, and 9.7 million in repurchases in 2021. In May 2022, the Board authorized an additional 20 million for our share repurchase program. We have approximately 18.3 million of authorized share repurchases remaining at December 31, 2022. 

Results of Operations 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements presented in this Annual Report. 

Revenue Total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 69,765,000 which represents a 45 percent increase over 2021. 

Revenue from services was 53,688,000 in 2022, which represents a 27 percent increase from 2021 revenue of 42,383,000. Revenue from transaction processing services, software maintenance and support services, and professional services were greater in 2022 as compared to 2021 due to an increase in the number of customers and accounts on file and an increase in the number and value of professional services contracts completed in 2022. We expect that processing services will continue to grow as our customer base increases; however, the time required to implement new customer programs could be delayed due to third party integration and approval processes and other factors. It is difficult to predict with accuracy the number and value of professional services contracts that our customers will require in a given period. Customers typically request our professional services to modify or enhance their CoreCard software implementation based on their specific business strategy and operational requirements, which vary from customer to customer and period to period. 

Revenue from products , which includes software license fees, was 16,077,000 in 2022, an increase of 174 percent from 2021 revenue of 5,865,000. The increase results from our largest customer adding a new institution to our platform in the first quarter of 2022, resulting in one-time license fees, as discussed above, and multiple new tiers due to the additional active accounts added from a conversion completed in the first quarter of 2022 and account growth from existing customers. 

Cost of Revenue Total cost of revenue was 47 percent of total revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The increase in higher margin license revenue was offset by investments made in our processing infrastructure in recent years including hardware and software purchases and increased hiring in India. Cost of revenue includes costs to provide annual maintenance and support services to our installed base of licensed customers, costs to provide professional services and costs to provide our financial transaction processing services. The cost and gross margins on such revenues can vary considerably from period to period depending on the customer mix, customer requirements and project complexity as well as the mix of our U.S. and offshore employees working on the various aspects of services provided. In addition, we continue to devote the resources necessary to support our growing processing business, including direct costs for regulatory compliance, infrastructure, network certifications and customer support. Investments in our infrastructure in recent years are in anticipation of adding customers in future periods. As such, we will not experience economies of scale unless we add additional customers, as anticipated. This may be subject to change in the future if new regulations or processing standards are implemented causing us to incur additional costs to comply. 

Operating Expenses For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, total operating expenses from consolidated operations were higher as compared to the corresponding period in 2021 primarily due to higher development expenses and higher general and administrative expenses. Development expenses were higher mainly due to payroll for additional offshore technical personnel. Additionally, we hired additional onshore and offshore technical personnel to work on the development of an updated platform. General and administrative expenses increased due to higher salaries expenses due to an increase in headcount. Marketing expenses increased 20 percent in 2022. Our client base increased in 2022 and 2021 with minimal marketing efforts as we continue to have prospects contact us via online searches and industry referrals; however, we will continue to re-evaluate our marketing expenditures as needed to competitively position the Processing Services business. 

7

Investment Income (Loss) Investment Income (Loss) was a loss of 1,144,000 in 2022 and loss of 172,000 in 2021. The 2022 investment losses primarily relate to a fourth quarter 2022 impairment charge on an equity method investment, partially offset by income on equity method investments. Investment losses in 2021 relate to losses on equity method investments, we did not record any impairments in 2021. 

Other Income, net Other Income, net was 226,000 in 2022 and 277,000 in 2021. The decrease is primarily due to lower interest income resulting from lower cash balances, partially offset by higher interest rates. 

Income Taxes We recorded income tax expense of 5,154,000 and 2,724,000 in 2022 and 2021, respectively, an effective tax rate of 27.1 and 23.2 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in our effective tax rate was primarily due to higher income in foreign locations, partially offset by a higher foreign tax credit. We expect our future effective tax rate to be within the range of 25-27 . 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our cash balance at December 31, 2022 was 20,399,000 compared to 29,244,000 at December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by operations was 9,864,000 compared to cash provided by operations of 8,915,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to a higher net income, higher depreciation and amortization, non-cash impairment charges, partially offset by higher accounts receivable balances, higher tax payments and lower deferred revenue. The increase in accounts receivable relates to timing of invoices and payments primarily from our largest customer. There are no material disputes related to the outstanding balances, some of which is past due at December 31, 2022, however we have concluded the entire balance is collectible. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we invested 1,000,000 in a privately held supply chain financing company and made an 800,000 investment in a privately held identity and professional services company with ties to the FinTech industry, which is described in more detail in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we invested 6,944,000 in publicly traded multi sector corporate and municipal debt securities, offset by related maturities of 1,975,000, which is described in more detail in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we used 8,735,000 of cash to acquire computer equipment and related software primarily to enhance our existing processing environment in the U.S. as well for computer equipment for the technical resources added in our India office. 

We do not expect to pay any regular or special dividends in the foreseeable future. We expect to have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand as well as projected customer payments to support our operations and capital equipment purchases in the foreseeable future. Currently we expect to use cash in excess of what is required for our current operations for opportunities we believe will expand our FinTech business, as exemplified in transactions described in Note 3, although there can be no assurance that appropriate opportunities will arise. In April 2021, the Board authorized 10 million for our share repurchase program, all of which has been utilized. In May 2022, the Board authorized an additional 20 million for share repurchases. We made share repurchases of 5.3 million in 2022, and 9.7 million in share repurchases in 2021. We have approximately 18.3 million of authorized share repurchases remaining at December 31, 2022. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our Consolidated Financial Statements which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. We consider certain accounting policies related to revenue recognition and valuation of investments to be critical policies due to the estimation processes involved in each. For a detailed description on the application of these and other accounting policies, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

8

Revenue Recognition Product revenue consists of fees from software licenses. Service revenue consists of fees for processing services; professional services for software customization, consulting, and training; reimbursable expenses; and software maintenance and customer support. 

Our software license arrangements generally fall into one of the following four categories: 

an initial contract with the customer to license certain software modules, to provide services to get the customer live on the software (such as training and customization) and to provide post contract support PCS for a specified period of time thereafter, 

purchase of additional licenses for new modules or for tier upgrades for a higher volume of licensed accounts after the initial contract, 

other optional standalone contracts, usually performed after the customer is live on the software, for services such as new interfaces or custom features requested by the customer, additional training and problem resolution not covered in annual maintenance contracts, or 

contracts for certain licensed software products that involve an initial fee plus recurring monthly fees during the contract life. 

At contract inception, we assess the products and services promised in our contracts with customers and identify a performance obligation for each promise to transfer to the customer a product or service (or bundle of products or services) that is distinct. A performance obligation is distinct if a product or service is separately identifiable from other items in the bundled package and if a customer can benefit from it on its own or with other resources that are readily available to the customer. To identify our performance obligations, we consider all of the products or services promised in the contract regardless of whether they are explicitly stated or are implied by customary business practices. We recognize revenue when or as we satisfy a performance obligation by transferring control of a product or service to a customer. Our revenue recognition policies for each of the situations described above are discussed below. 

Our software licenses generally have significant stand-alone functionality to the customer upon delivery and are considered to be functional intellectual property. Additionally, the purpose in granting these software licenses to a customer is typically to provide the customer a right to use our intellectual property. Our software licenses are generally considered distinct performance obligations, and revenue allocated to the software license is typically recognized at a point in time upon delivery of the license. Initial implementation fees do not meet the criteria for separate accounting because the software usually requires significant modification or customization that is essential to its functionality. We recognize revenue related to implementations over the life of the customer once the implementation is complete. 

We account for the PCS element contained in the initial contract based on relative standalone selling price, which is annual renewal fees for such services, and PCS is recognized ratably on a straight-line basis over the period specified in the contract as we generally satisfy these performance obligations evenly using a time-elapsed output method over the contract term given there is no discernible pattern of performance. Upon renewal of the PCS contract by the customer, we recognize revenues ratably on a straight-line basis over the period specified in the PCS contract. All of our software customers purchase software maintenance and support contracts and renew such contracts annually. 

Certain initial software contracts contain specified future service elements for scheduled completion following the implementation, and related recognition, of the initial license. In these instances, after the initial license recognition, where distinct future performance obligations are identified in the contract and we could reliably measure the completion of each identified performance obligation, we have recognized revenue at the time the individual performance obligation was completed. 

Purchases of additional licenses for tier upgrades or additional modules are generally recognized as license revenue in the period in which the purchase is made for perpetual licenses. 

Services provided under standalone contracts that are optional to the customer and are outside of the scope of the initial contract are single element services contracts. These standalone services contracts are not essential to the functionality of the software contained in the initial contract and generally do not include acceptance clauses or refund rights as may be included in the initial software contracts, as described above. Revenues from these services contracts, which are generally performed within a relatively short period of time, are recognized when the services are complete or in some cases as the services are provided. These revenues generally re-occur as contracts are renewed. Payment terms for professional services may be based on an upfront fixed fee with the remainder due upon completion or on a time and materials basis. 

9

For contracts for licensed software which include an initial fee plus recurring monthly fees for software usage, maintenance and support, we recognize the total fees ratably on a straight-line basis over the estimated life of the contract as services revenue. 

Revenues from processing services are typically volume- or activity-based depending on factors such as the number of accounts processed, number of accounts on the system, number of hours of services or computer resources used. For processing services which include an initial fee plus recurring monthly fees for services, we recognize the initial fees ratably on a straight-line basis over the estimated life of the contract as services revenue. The payment terms may include tiered pricing structures with the base tier representing a minimum monthly usage fee. For processing services revenues, we stand ready to provide continuous access to our processing platforms and perform an unspecified quantity of outsourced and transaction-processing services for a specified term or terms. Accordingly, processing services are generally viewed as a stand-ready performance obligation comprised of a series of distinct daily services. We typically satisfy our processing services performance obligations over time as the services are provided. 

Technology or service components from third parties are frequently embedded in or combined with our products or service offerings. We are often responsible for billing the client in these arrangements and transmitting the applicable fees to the third party. We determine whether we are responsible for providing the actual product or service as a principal, or for arranging for the solution or service to be provided by the third party as an agent. Judgment is applied to determine whether we are the principal or the agent by evaluating whether we have control of the product or service prior to it being transferred to the customer. The principal versus agent assessment is performed at the performance obligation level. Indicators that we consider in determining if we have control include whether we are primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified product or service to the customer, whether we have inventory risk and discretion in establishing the price the customer ultimately pays for the product or service. Depending upon the level of our contractual responsibilities and obligations for delivering solutions to end customers, we have arrangements where we are the principal and recognize the gross amount billed to the customer and other arrangements where we are the agent and recognize the net amount retained. 

Revenue is recorded net of applicable sales tax. 

Deferred revenue consists of advance payments by software customers for annual or quarterly PCS, advance payments from customers for software licenses and professional services not yet delivered, and initial implementation payments for processing services or bundled license and support services in multi-year contracts. Deferred revenue is classified as long-term until such time that it becomes likely that the services or products will be provided within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

Valuation of Investments We hold minority interests in non-publicly traded companies whose values are not readily determinable and are based on management s estimate of realizability of the value of the investment. Future adverse changes in market conditions, poor operating results, lack of progress of the investee company or its inability to raise capital to support its business plan could result in investment losses or an inability to recover the current carrying value of the investment. Our policy with respect to minority interests is to record an impairment charge when we conclude an investment has experienced a decline in value that is other than temporary. At least quarterly, we review our investments to determine any impairment in their carrying value and we write-down any impaired asset at quarter-end to our best estimate of its current realizable value. 

We have an equity investment with a privately held identity and professional services company with ties to the FinTech industry. In 2021, the company transferred its advisory business to a new entity. We contributed our note receivable of 2,806,000 and 800,000 of cash for a 28 stake in the new entity. We continue to hold a 40 ownership interest in the original media and events company. In the fourth quarter of 2022, based on the entity s decision to exit the media and events business and wind down its operations, we recorded an impairment charge of 1,450,000, included in investment income (loss) on the Consolidated Statement of Operations, to reduce the carrying value of the investee company to 0. 

We evaluate on a continuing basis whether any impairment indicators are present that would require additional analysis or write-downs of our remaining investments. While we have not recorded an impairment related to these remaining investments as of December 31, 2022, variations from current expectations could impact future assessments resulting in future impairment charges. 

10

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not currently have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future material adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. 

Factors That May Affect Future Operations 

Future operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that may negatively impact our future results of operations or projected cash requirements. It is difficult to predict future quarterly and annual results with certainty. 

Among the numerous factors that may affect our consolidated results of operations or financial condition are the following: 

Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., our largest customer, represented 75 of our consolidated revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. In the event of material failures to meet contract obligations related to the services provided, there is risk of breach of contract and loss of the customer and related future revenues. Additionally, loss of the customer and related future revenues or a reduction in revenues could result if they or their customers choose an alternative service provider, build an in-house solution, or decide to exit the business or service line that falls under the services that we provide for them. 

Weakness or instability in the global financial markets could have a negative impact due to potential customers (most of whom perform some type of financial services) delaying decisions to purchase software or initiate processing services. 

Increased federal and state regulations and reluctance by financial institutions to act as sponsor banks for prospective customers could result in losses and additional cash requirements. 

Delays in software development projects could cause our customers to postpone implementations or delay payments, which would increase our costs and reduce our revenue and cash. 

We could fail to deliver software products which meet the business and technology requirements of our target markets within a reasonable time frame and at a price point that supports a profitable, sustainable business model. 

Our processing business is impacted, directly or indirectly, by more regulations than our licensed software business. If we fail to provide services that comply with (or allow our customers to comply with) applicable regulations or processing standards, we could be subject to financial or other penalties that could negatively impact our business. 

A security breach in our platform could expose confidential information of our customers account holders, hackers could seize our digital infrastructure and hold it for ransom or other cyber risk events could occur and create material losses in excess of our insurance coverage. 

Software errors or poor quality control may delay product releases, increase our costs, result in non-acceptance of our software by customers or delay revenue recognition. 

We could fail to expand our base of customers as quickly as anticipated, resulting in lower revenue and profits and increased cash needs. 

We could fail to retain key software developers and managers who have accumulated years of know-how in our target markets and company products or fail to attract and train a sufficient number of new software developers and testers to support our product development plans and customer requirements at projected cost levels. 

Increasing and changing government regulations in the United States and foreign countries related to such issues as data privacy, financial and credit transactions could require changes to our products and services which could increase our costs and could affect our existing customer relationships or prevent us from getting new customers. 

Delays in anticipated customer payments for any reason would increase our cash requirements and could adversely impact our profits. 

Competitive pressures (including pricing, changes in customer requirements and preferences, and competitor product offerings) may cause prospective customers to choose an alternative product solution, resulting in lower revenue and profits (or losses). 

Our future capital needs are uncertain and depend on a number of factors; additional capital may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 

Volatility in the markets, including as a result of political instability, civil unrest, war or terrorism, or pandemics or other natural disasters, such as the recent outbreak of coronavirus, could adversely affect future results of operations and could negatively impact the valuation of our investments. 

Other general economic and political conditions could cause customers to delay or cancel purchases. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

11

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following Consolidated Financial Statements and related report of independent registered public accounting firm are included in this report and are incorporated by reference in Part II, Item 8 hereof. See Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 hereof. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Nichols, Cauley Associates, LLC (PCAOB ID 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective at that reasonable assurance level. 

(b) Changes in internal control over financial reporting 

We regularly review our system of internal control over financial reporting and make changes to our processes and systems to improve controls and increase efficiency, while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal control environment. 

There were no significant changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting or in other factors identified in connection with this evaluation that occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

(c) Management s report on internal control over financial reporting 

The management of CoreCard Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a 15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company maintains accounting and internal control systems which are intended to provide reasonable assurance that the assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, transactions are executed in accordance with management s authorization and accounting records are reliable for preparing financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

12

Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, risk. 

The Company s management evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this evaluation, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our evaluation management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Please refer to the subsection entitled Proposal 1 - The Election of Three Directors - Nominees and Proposal 1 The Election of Three Directors Executive Officers in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Proxy Statement for information about the individuals nominated as director and about the directors and executive officers of the Company. This information is incorporated into this Item 10 by reference. Information regarding compliance by directors and executive officers of the Company and owners of more than 10 percent of our common stock with the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is contained under the caption Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Proxy Statement. This information is incorporated into this Item 10 by reference. Information regarding the Company s Audit Committee and its composition is contained under the caption Proposal 1 The Election of Three Directors - Nominees and Proposal 1 The Election of Three Directors Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors in the Proxy Statement. This information is incorporated into this Item 10 by reference. 

There have been no material changes to the procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to the Company s Board of Directors. 

We have a Code of Ethics that applies to all directors, officers, and employees. The Code of Ethics is posted on our website at www.corecard.com. We also disclose on our website, within the time required by the rules of the SEC, any waivers of, or amendments to, the Code of Ethics for the benefit of an executive officer. 

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Please refer to the subsection entitled Proposal 1 - The Election of Three Directors - Executive Compensation in the Proxy Statement for information about management compensation. This information is incorporated into this Item 11 by reference. 

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans in our 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

13

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The lease on our headquarters and primary facility at One Meca Way, Norcross, Georgia is held by ISC Properties, LLC, an entity controlled by J. Leland Strange, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Strange holds a 100 ownership interest in ISC Properties, LLC. We paid ISC Properties, LLC 333,000 and 265,000 in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Please refer to the subsection entitled Proposal 1 - The Election of Three Directors - Nominees in the Proxy Statement referred to in Item 10 for information regarding the independence of the Company s directors. This information is incorporated into this Item 13 by reference. 

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Please refer to the subsection entitled Independent Registered Public Accountants in the Proxy Statement for information about the fees paid to and services performed by our independent public accountants. This information is incorporated into this Item 14 by reference. 

14

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

We are filing the following exhibits with this report or incorporating them by reference to earlier filings. Shareholders may request a copy of any exhibit by contacting Matthew A. White, Secretary, CoreCard Corporation, One Meca Way, Norcross, Georgia 30093; telephone (770) 381-2900. There is a charge of .50 per page to cover expenses of copying and mailing. 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant dated August 3, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-Q dated November 2, 2022.) 

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant dated December 15, 2021. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K dated December 15, 2021.) 

4.1 

Description of the Company s Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. (Incorporated by reference to Item 1 of the Registrant s Form 8-A filed May 26, 2021.) 

10.1 

Lease Agreement dated March 1, 2022, between the Registrant and ISC Properties, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K dated March 3, 2022.) 

10.2 

Management Compensation Plans and Arrangements: 

(a) 

2015 Employee Stock Incentive Plan 

(b) 

2011 Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan 

(c) 

2020 Non-Employee Directors Stock Incentive Plan 

(d) 

2022 Employee Stock Incentive Plan 

Exhibit 10.2(a) is incorporated by reference to the Registrant s 2015 Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A. 

Exhibit 10.2(b) is incorporated by reference to the Registrant s 2011 Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A. 

Exhibit 10.2(c) is incorporated by reference to the Registrant s 2020 Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A. 

Exhibit 10.2(d) is incorporated by reference to the Registrant s 2022 Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A. 

21.1 

List of subsidiaries of Registrant. 

23.1 

Consent of Nichols, Cauley Associates, LLC. 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 

104 
			 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

XBRL information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

15

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CORECARD CORPORATION 

Registrant 

Date: March 2, 2023 

By: 

/s/ J. Leland Strange 

J. Leland Strange 

Chairman of the Board, President 

and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 

Capacity 

Date 

/s/ J. Leland Strange 

			 J. Leland Strange 

Chairman of the Board, President, 

			 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

			 (Principal Executive Officer) 

March 2, 2023 

/s/ Matthew A. White 

			 Matthew A. White 

Chief Financial Officer 

			 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

March 2, 2023 

/s/ A. Russell Chandler III 

			 A. Russell Chandler III 

Director 

March 2, 2023 

/s/ Philip H. Moise 

			 Philip H. Moise 

Director 

March 2, 2023 

/s/ Elizabeth W. Camp 

			 Elizabeth W. Camp 

Director 

March 2, 2023 

/s/ Kathryn Petralia 
			 Kathryn Petralia 

Director 

March 2, 2023 

16

CORECARD CORPORATION 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following consolidated financial statements of the Registrant and its subsidiaries are submitted herewith in response to Item 8: 

Financial Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Nichols, Cauley Associates, LLC 

F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-8 

F-1

Nichols, Cauley Associates, LLC 

			 3550 Engineering Drive, Suite 250 

			 Peachtree Corners, Georgia 30092 

			 404-214-1301 FAX 404-214-1302 

			 atlanta@nicholscauley.com 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CoreCard Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CoreCard Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Critical Audit Matter Revenue Recognition Refer to Note 1 of the Financial Statements. 

F-2

Critical Audit Matter Description 

 The Company recognizes revenue when or as the Company satisfies a customer agreement performance obligation by transferring control of a product or service to a customer, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. 

In determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements, judgment may need to be exercised by the Company, and will include the following: 

- 

An assessment of the products and services promised in contracts or customer agreements, and the identification of a performance obligation for each promise to transfer to the customer a product or service that is distinct. 

- 

Determination of relative standalone selling price for distinct performance obligations. 

- 

The timing of product or service delivery for performance obligations. 

Given these factors, the related audit effort in evaluating management s judgments in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements was extensive. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

 Our principal audit procedures related to the Company s revenue recognition for these customer agreements included the following: 

- 

We evaluated the internal controls related to the identification of distinct performance obligations and the determination of the timing of revenue recognition. 

- 

We evaluated management s significant accounting policies related to these customer agreements. 

- 

We selected customer agreements and performed the following procedures: 

o 

Obtained and read customer agreements or contracts for each selected agreement. 

o 

Evaluated and tested management s identification of significant terms for completeness, including the identification of distinct performance obligations. 

o 

From the terms in the customer agreement, evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting principles, in their determination of revenue recognition conclusions. 

- 

We tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculations of revenue and the associated timing of revenue recognized in the financial statements. 

Critical Audit Matter Valuation of Investments - Refer to Note 1 and Note 3 to the Financial statements 

Critical Audit Matter Description: 

 The Company evaluates equity method investments for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment might not be recoverable. Should the evaluation indicate impairment of the investment, and the circumstances indicate that the impairment is other than temporary impairment, the impairment is recognized through a reduction of the carrying amount of the investment. 

 Concluding on identifying events or circumstances regarding the recoverability of an investment carrying amount, measuring impairment, and determining if impairment is other than temporary, involve significant and complex management judgment, specific to a particular investment. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit: 

 Our principal audit procedures related to the Company s process for equity method investment other than temporary impairment evaluation included: 

- 

We evaluated the internal controls related to the identification of events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amount of an investment might not be recoverable. 

- 

We obtained and read management s equity method investment assessment documentation for evaluating events or changes that may indicate that the carrying amount of an investment might not be recoverable. 

- 

We reviewed management s assessment of events or changes in circumstances for reasonableness. 

- 

We evaluated management s significant accounting policies related to the identification of other than temporary impairment. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

March 1, 2023 

F-3

CoreCard Corporation 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Investments 

Property and equipment, at cost less accumulated depreciation 

Other long-term assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Deferred revenue, current portion 

Accrued payroll 

Accrued expenses 

Income tax payable 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred revenue, net of current portion 

Deferred tax liability 

Long-term lease obligation 

Total noncurrent liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par value: Authorized shares- ; 

Issued shares and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Outstanding shares and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock, and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, at cost 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated income 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-4

CoreCard Corporation 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenue 

Services 

Products 

Total net revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Services 

Products 

- 

- 

Total cost of revenue 

Expenses 

Marketing 

General and administrative 

Development 

Income from operations 

Investment loss 

Other income 

Income before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net income 

Earnings per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-5

CoreCard Corporation 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

(in thousands, except share amounts) 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In 

			 Capital 

Treasury Stock 

Accumulated Other 

			 Comprehensive Loss 

Accumulated 

			 Earnings 

Stockholders Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Stock options exercised 

Common stock repurchased 

Net income 

9,039 

Stock compensation expense 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Common stock repurchased 

Net income 

Stock compensation expense 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

was authorized for future repurchases of our common stock. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-6

CoreCard Corporation 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN): 

2022 

2021 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Benefit for deferred income taxes 

Non-cash investment loss 

Non-cash interest income 

Equity in (earnings) loss of affiliate company 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other current assets 

Other long-term assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll 

Deferred revenue, current portion 

Accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue, net of current portion 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Advances on note and interest receivable 

Purchase of intangible asset 

Purchase of long-term investment 

Proceeds from payments on notes receivable 

Purchases of marketable securities 

Maturities of marketable securities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Sale of capital stock pursuant to exercise of option 

Repurchases of common stock 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Effects of exchange rate changes on cash 

Net decrease in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Purchases of property and equipment, accrued but not paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-7

Nature of Operations Our operations are conducted through our affiliate companies in Romania, India, Dubai and Colombia, as well as the corporate office in Norcross, Georgia which provides significant administrative, human resources and executive management support. CoreCard provides technology solutions and processing services to the financial technology and services market, commonly referred to as the FinTech industry. 

- 

Internal-use software 

- 

Furniture and fixtures 

- 

Building 

Property and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. These expenses are included in general and administrative expenses or, for assets associated with our processing data centers, are included in cost of services. 

in 2022 and in 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the value of intangible assets net of accumulated amortization was and , included in other long-term assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

and , respectively. 

Marketable securities 

Corporate and municipal debt securities 

Total assets 

Marketable securities 

Corporate and municipal debt securities 

Total assets 

and of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares granted in the year ended December 31, 2022, and a total of shares were granted in the year ended December 31, 2021. No options were granted in 2022 or 2021. 

Professional services 

Processing and maintenance 

Third party 

Total 

Foreign revenues are based on the location of the customer. Revenues from customers by geographic areas for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Europe 

Middle East 

Total 

percent of the company. In the fourth quarter of 2022, based on the entity s decision to exit the media and events business and wind down its operations, we recorded an impairment charge of , included in investment income (loss) on the Consolidated Statement of Operations, to reduce the carrying value of the investee company to as of December 31, 2022. The carrying value of our investment was at December 31, 2021, included in investments on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In 2021, the company transferred its advisory business to a new entity. We contributed our note receivable of and of cash for a 28 ownership interest in the new entity. The carrying value of our investment in the new entity was and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, included in investments on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We account for these investments using the equity method of accounting which resulted in income of and losses of for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, included in investment income (loss) on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

On December 30, 2016 we signed an agreement to invest in a privately held technology company and program manager in the FinTech industry. The investment was funded on January 4, 2017. In the quarter ended June 30, 2018, we recorded an impairment charge of to reduce the carrying value due to the investee s limited funding to support its operation and sales and marketing efforts. In the quarter ended March 31, 2020, due to the uncertainty from the economic downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, we determined that the fair value of our investment was and therefore we recorded an impairment charge of , included in investment loss on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the quarter ended March 31, 2020. CoreCard remains in an ongoing business relationship with the company pursuant to a Processing Agreement and a Program Management Services Agreement. CoreCard is positioned to assume the program management aspects of the investee company if the need should arise to ensure their program(s) ongoing viability and the completion of the Processing Agreement with CoreCard. As program manager for this company, we receive cash periodically to fund the customer s various programs. We held and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in cash on behalf of this customer which is included in other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. There are no legal restrictions on these funds, we therefore present the funds as cash on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

In the second quarter of 2021, we invested in a privately held company that provides supply chain and receivables financing. The carrying amount of is accounted for at cost and is included in investments on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

We evaluate on a continuing basis whether any impairment indicators are present that would require additional analysis or write-downs of our remaining investments. While we have not recorded an impairment related to these remaining investments as of December 31, 2022, variations from current expectations could impact future assessments resulting in future impairment charges. 

. There were no charges against the allowance for doubtful accounts in 2022 or 2021. 

The following table indicates the percentage of consolidated revenue from continuing operations and year-end accounts receivable represented by each customer that represented more than 10 percent of consolidated revenue from continuing operations or year-end accounts receivable. 

The Company had seven separate marketable securities in an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022 and the Company held no marketable securities in 2021. The Company did not identify any marketable securities that were other-than-temporarily impaired as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company does not intend to sell any marketable securities that have an unrealized loss at December 31, 2022 and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell such securities before any anticipated recovery. 

The following table summarizes the stated maturities of the Company s marketable securities: 

Due after one year through three years 

Total 

Deferred 

Total 

The following is a reconciliation of estimated income taxes at the statutory rate from operations to estimated tax expense (benefit) as reported: 

State and local taxes, net of federal benefit 

Equity compensation 

Research and development credit 

Foreign tax credit 

GILTI income inclusion 

Other 

Effective rate 

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) consist of the following at December 31: 

IRC section 174 costs 

Foreign Tax Credit 

Fixed assets 

Other 

Total deferred tax asset (liability) 

Less valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax liability 

We had net deferred tax liabilities of approximately million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The gross deferred tax asset/liability has been offset by a valuation allowance of million in 2022 and 2021, because the Company believes that it is more likely than not that the amount will not be realized. We have maintained a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized capital losses as we are not able to conclude that is it more likely than not that these will be realized due to the unpredictability of future capital gains. No deferred taxes have been provided on temporary differences related to investments in foreign subsidiaries because these investments are considered to be permanent. 

We have recognized tax benefits from all tax positions we have taken, and there has been no adjustment to any carry forwards (research and development credits) in the past two years. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on any unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. There were no accrued interest or penalties associated with any unrecognized tax benefits, nor was any interest expense recognized during the periods presented. We have determined we have no uncertain tax positions. 

We file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return for all subsidiaries in which our ownership equals or exceeds 80 , as well as individual subsidiary returns in various states and foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local or foreign income tax examinations by taxing authorities for returns filed more than three years ago. 

Cash paid for operating lease liabilities (in thousands) 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

Weighted average discount rate 

Maturities of our operating lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total lease liabilities 

Lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following: 

General and administrative 

Development 

Total 

Legal Matters 

There are no pending or threatened legal proceedings. However, in the ordinary course of business, from time to time we may be involved in various pending or threatened legal actions. The litigation process is inherently uncertain and it is possible that the resolution of such matters might have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition and/or results of operations. We accrue for unpaid legal fees for services performed to date. 

and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

ownership interest in ISC Properties, LLC. We paid rent of and to ISC Properties, LLC in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We have determined that ISC Properties, LLC is not a variable interest entity. 

2015 Incentive Stock Plan 2 

Non-Employee Directors Stock Option Plan 3 

N/A 

N/A 

2011 Non-Employee Directors Stock Plan 4 

N/A 

N/A 

2020 Non-Employee Directors Stock Incentive Plan 5 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

2022 Employee Stock Incentive Plan 6 

Stock options under all plans are granted at an exercise price equal to fair value on the date of grant and vest over 2-3 years. The following is a summary of all plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Options Exercised 

N/A 

N/A 

Options Cancelled 

N/A 

N/A 

As of December 31, 2022, there was no unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options granted under the plans. 

1 options to purchase shares of common stock to officers and key employees, with vesting of such options occurring equally over a 3-year time period. In 2013, the 2003 Plan expired with options ungranted. 

 2 options to purchase shares of common stock to employees and key consultants and advisors. 

 3 options to purchase shares of common stock to non-employee directors. Upon adoption of the Directors Plan, each non-employee director was granted an option to acquire shares. At each Annual Meeting, each director received a grant of options, which vest in increments on the first and second anniversary. The Directors Plan expired in 2011, with options ungranted. 

 4 

 5 shares of common stock to non-employee directors. We expect to grant each independent director of stock on the date of each subsequent Annual Meeting. 

 6 shares of common stock to employees. No shares have been granted under the plan as of December 31, 2022. 

Stock option activity during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 

Options cancelled 

Options exercised 

Options granted 

Options outstanding at December 31 

Options available for grant at December 31 

Options exercisable at December 31 

Exercise price ranges per share: 

Granted 

N/A 

N/A 

Exercised 

N/A 

1.52 
			 - 

Outstanding 

- 

- 

Weighted average exercise price per share: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Outstanding at December 31 

Exercisable at December 31 

The following tables summarize information about the stock options outstanding under the Company s option plans as of 
December 31, 2022. 

- 

- 

Aggregate intrinsic value represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value (the difference between the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the year ended December 31, 2022, and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on December 31, 2022. The amount of aggregate intrinsic value will change based on the fair value of the Company s common stock. 

and , respectively, and total liabilities of and , respectively. The majority of these assets and liabilities are in India. There are no currency exchange restrictions related to our foreign subsidiaries that would affect our financial position or results of operations. Refer to Note 1 for a discussion regarding how we account for translation of non-U.S. currency amounts. 

The following tables represent required disclosure of the reconciliation of the income (loss) and the shares used in the basic and diluted income (loss) per share computation: 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average basic shares outstanding 

Effect of dilutive securities 

Weighted-average diluted shares 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted earnings per share 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and dilutive stock options exercisable, respectively. 

F-20

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex_479961.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

ex_479961.htm 

Exhibit 21.1 

CORECARD CORPORATION 

LIST OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES AS OF MARCH 2, 2023 

Subsidiary Name 
			 State / Country of Organization 

CoreCard Software, Inc. 
			 Delaware 

CoreCard SRL 
			 Romania 

CoreCard Software India Pvt. Ltd. 
			 India 

CoreCard Software DMCC 
			 United Arab Emirates 

CoreCard Colombia SAS 
			 Colombia 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex_479962.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_479962.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

CoreCard Corporation 

 Norcross, GA 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements Form S-8 No. 333-242084, No. 333-242084 and No. 333-211304 of our report dated March 1, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of CoreCard Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Company appearing in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Nichols, Cauley Associates, LLC 

Nichols, Cauley Associates, LLC 

 Atlanta, Georgia 

 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex_479963.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_479963.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, J. Leland Strange, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CoreCard Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/ J. Leland Strange 

J. Leland Strange 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex_479964.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_479964.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Matthew A. White, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CoreCard Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/ Matthew A. White 

Matthew A. White 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex_479965.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_479965.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Each of the undersigned officers of CoreCard Corporation (the Company hereby certifies to his or her knowledge that the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 2, 2023 

/s/ J. Leland Strange 

J. Leland Strange 

Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Matthew A. White 

Matthew A. White 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to CoreCard Corporation and will be retained by CoreCard Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ccrd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ccrd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ccrd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ccrd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 ccrd-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

