<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1514056_0001493152-23-010251.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25964255</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>263563</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>15002737</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4513901</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2657411</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3187575</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010251.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160618
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010251
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRAQIQ, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001514056
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				300580318
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56148
		FILM NUMBER:		23787589

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14205 SE 36TH ST.,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98006
		BUSINESS PHONE:		425-818-0560

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14205 SE 36TH ST.,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98006

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Thunderclap Entertainment, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110225

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010251.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A

N/A

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

 Common
Stock, 0.0001 par value per share 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non- accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , non-accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 Accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed Second fiscal quarter was approximately 5,234,744,
based upon the closing price of the registrant s common stock of 4.10 on the OTCQB as of that date . Shares of common
stock held by each executive officer and director and by each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding common stock of the
registrant have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not
necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. Without acknowledging that any individual director of registrant is an
affiliate, all directors have been included as affiliates with respect to shares owned by them. 

As
of March 30, 2023, there were shares of the Registrant s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

Documents
 incorporated by reference: 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

 GENERAL
INFORMATION 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 12 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 12 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 12 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 12 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 13 

Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 13 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 13 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 21 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 21 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 21 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 22 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 23 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 24 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 27 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 29 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 31 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 32 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 32 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 34 

SIGNATURES 
 35 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Certain
statements discussed in Item 1 (Business), Item 1A (Risk Factors), Item 3 (Legal Proceedings), Item 7 (Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations), and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as in other
materials and oral statements that TraQiQ, Inc. (the Company releases from time to time to the public constitute forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements concerning
management s expectations, strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated economic performance and financial condition and
other similar matters involve significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause the actual
results, performance or achievements of results to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements discussed or
implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors are discussed in Item 1A (Risk Factors)
and Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations). In addition, these statements
constitute the Company s cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It should be understood
that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. 

These
forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, such as may, will, 
 expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, believe, 
 continue or similar terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. These forward-looking
statements are not historical facts, and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s
beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control.
Accordingly, you are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain
risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking
statements are reasonable as of the date made, expectations may prove to have been materially different from the results expressed or
implied by such forward-looking statements. Important factors that may cause actual results to differ from projections include, for example: 

the
 success or failure of management s efforts to implement our business plan; 

our
 ability to fund our operating expenses; 

our
 ability to compete with other companies that have a similar business plan; 

our
 ability to adequately protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property; 
 
 our
 ability to hire and retain highly qualified personnel; 
 
 our
 ability to obtain additional financing; 
 
 our
 ability to meet the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and the Nasdaq Capital Market
 in order to list our stock on the trading market; 

our
 ability to comply with borrowing covenants; 

the
 effect of changing economic conditions impacting our plan of operation; and 

our
 ability to meet the other risks as may be described in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

Unless
otherwise required by low, we also disclaim any obligation to update our view of any such risks or uncertainties or to announce publicly
the result of any revisions to the forward-looking statements made in this annual report on form 10-k 

When
considering these forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the cautionary statements in this annual report on Form 10-K and
in our other filings with the SEC. We cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this annual report on Form 10-K will prove
to be accurate. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may prove to be material. In light
of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty
by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time-frame, or at all. Any forward-looking statement
made by us in this annual report of Form 10-K speaks only as of the date on which we make it. Factors or events that could cause our
actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation
to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise,
except as may be required by law. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our public
announcements and SEC filings. 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

COMPANY
OVERVIEW 

TraQiQ, Inc. (the Company, 
 we, our, or us was incorporated in the State of California on September 9, 2009 as Thunderclap
Entertainment, Inc. On July 14, 2017, Thunderclap Entertainment, Inc. changed its name to TraQiQ, Inc. For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, our operations were concentrated in India, Southeast Asia and Latin America, and involved servicing business supply chains
with last mile delivery and mobile commerce. We helped businesses in emerging markets leverage the gig economy with the following two-prong
approach: (i) we offered our software as a service so our customers could build their own delivery networks and (ii) we offered our network
of over 14,000 task workers in India through our Mimo network. In December 2022, we sold a substantial portion of this legacy business.
We remain in the technology services and solutions business through our subsidiary, TraQIQ Solutions Inc., and continue to operate our
OmniM2M.com website that drives internet of things e-commerce revenue. 

On January 5, 2023, we consummated
the transactions contemplated by the Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of December 30, 2022 (the Purchase Agreement among
Renovare Environmental, Inc. REI and BioHiTech America, LLC BHT and, together with REI, the Renovare
Sellers and us, pursuant to which the Renovare Sellers sold and assigned to us, and we purchased and assumed from the Renovare
Sellers, (a) certain assets related to the business of (i) aerobic digestion technology solutions for the disposal of food waste at the
point of generation and (ii) data analytics with respect to food waste (collectively, the Digester Business and (b) certain
specified liabilities of the Renovare Sellers. We intend for the Digester Business to be one of our principal businesses going forward,
and we intend to supplement our current business through the acquisition of complementary businesses. 

Going
forward, our mission is to reduce the environmental impact of the waste management industry through the development and deployment of
cost-effective technology solutions. Our suite of technologies includes on-site biological processing equipment for food waste and proprietary
real-time data analytics tools to reduce food waste generation. These proprietary solutions may enable certain businesses and municipalities
of all sizes to lower disposal costs while having a positive impact on the environment. When used individually or in combination, we believe
that our solutions can reduce the carbon footprint associated with waste transportation, repurpose non-recyclable plastics, and significantly
reduce landfill usage. As we continue to expand our waste management business we plan to discontinue or spin off the remaining portions
of the legacy business. 

REVOLUTION
SERIES DIGESTERS 

The
Company currently markets an aerobic digestion technology solution for the disposal of food waste at the point of generation. Its line
of Revolution Series Digesters has been described as self-contained, robotic digestive systems that we believe are as easy to install
as a standard dishwasher with no special electrical or plumbing requirements. Units range in size depending upon capacity, with the smallest
unit approximately the size of a residential washing machine. The digesters utilize a biological process to convert food waste into a
liquid that we believe is safe to discharge down an ordinary drain. This process can result in a substantial reduction in costs for customers
including cruise lines, restaurants, retail stores, hospitals, hotel/hospitality companies and governmental units by eliminating the
transportation and logistics costs associated with food waste disposal. The Company also expects the process reduce the greenhouse gases
associated with food-waste transportation and decomposition in landfills that have been linked to climate change. The Company offers
its Revolution Series Digesters in several sizes targeting small- to mid-sized food waste generation sites that are often more economical
than traditional disposal methods. The Revolution Series Digesters are manufactured and assembled in the United States. 

1 

In
an effort to expand the capabilities of its digesters, the Company developed a sophisticated Internet of Things IoT technology
platform to provide its customers with transparency into their internal and supply chain waste generation and operational practices.
This patented process collects weight related data from the digesters to deliver real-time data that provides valuable information that
when analyzed, can improve efficiency, and validate corporate sustainability efforts. The Company provides its IoT platform through a
SaaS Software as a Service model that is either bundled in its rental agreements or sold through a separate annual software
license. The Company continues to add new capacity sizes to its line of Revolution Series Digesters to meet customer needs. 

Digester
Technologies, Markets, Customers and Competition 

The
Company plans to leverage its existing technology, including our digester s on-board patented weighing system, by collecting, accumulating,
and providing empirical data that can aid in improving the efficiency of the upstream supply chain. By streaming data from the digesters,
collecting information from system users and integrating business application data, TraQiQ s internet-enabled system known as the
BioHiTech Cloud TM can provide necessary data to aid customers in reshaping their purchasing decisions and positively affecting
employee behavior. In its simplest form, the BioHiTech Cloud can quantify food waste in a fashion that we do not believe has historically
been available. It enables users to understand food waste generation habits and to improve operational efficiencies. 

The
BioHiTech Cloud data can be used to help educate customers as to where, when and how waste is being created. Tracking and analyzing waste
based on creation time, food type, preparation stage, origin of waste or other key metrics may provide a clearer picture of the food
waste lifecycle. Our digesters provide significant economic savings and decreases in carbon footprint, and we believe that the addition
of the BioHiTech Cloud increases that impact by helping customers to manage inventory more accurately and to improve their preparation
practices and staff efficiencies. 

The
Company believes that its combined offering of technology and digesters provides customers with information that has not been readily
available to consumers in the past and that has the potential for improved management and reduction of waste at the point of generation
on a real-time basis. 

The
Company believes that its digester products can remove organic waste from the overcrowded and costly landfills of the world and provide
significant benefits to both business organizations and the community including: 

Eliminating
 the transportation of organic waste, 

Reducing
 carbon and methane emissions associated with landfilling and truck transportation, 

Complying
 with municipal laws banning organic waste from landfills, 

Contributing
 to corporate and regulatory targets for diverting waste from landfills, 

Extending
 the lifespan of the country s disposal facilities, 

Reducing
 groundwater and soil contamination at landfills, 

Reducing
 harmful greenhouse gases that contribute to global climate change, and 

Recycling
 food waste into renewable resources (clean water, biogas, bio-solids). 

2 

In
addition to the removal of waste, the Company s solution also provides real time information and metrics to improve the efficiency
of an organization. Such information has not been readily available to consumers in the past. By providing a cloud-based dashboard and
mobile application, the BioHiTech Cloud gives real-time visibility to the status of the device itself and provides insight to the efficiencies
of the operations of food preparation and consumption of the user. Using cloud technologies, the Company s systems allow for visibility
into the food preparation and consumption processes on an individual, regional, or national level. 

The
BioHiTech Cirrus application allows customers more immediate access to analytical data provided by the Eco-Safe Digester and more
efficient monitoring across a number of network-connected devices. The mobile application is available to existing BioHiTech Cloud customers
and is available through the iTunes Store and Google Play. 

Target
Markets 

The
Company s target market for its digesters includes any producers of consistent volumes of food waste. As municipalities continue
to enact ordinances prohibiting commercial food waste from being disposed of in landfills, the Company intends to focus its efforts on
targeting those businesses most affected by such ordinances. Many cities and states have already banned landfill disposal of food waste
generated by large, commercial food waste generators, with pending legislation in numerous others. The Company anticipates this trend
to continue as sustainability efforts advance. 

Customers 

Customers
for the Company s digesters are consistent producers of food waste. Industries served include, but are not limited, to the maritime
sector as well as retail, healthcare, government, hospitality, education and food service (including traditional restaurants and quick
service restaurants). Volume of food waste, as well as traditional waste disposal costs, are the primary drivers of return on investment
for customers. The Company sells its products to customers throughout the United States and abroad. We estimate that there are approximately
200,000 potential customers that would benefit from the use of our digesters, which include restaurants, cruise ships, healthcare facilities
and local municipalities. 

Digester
Marketing Strategy 

The
Company markets through two channels: reseller and in-house direct sales. Domestic and international resellers
are granted a non-exclusive license to sell and market products and services. All resellers are required to purchase all products and
consumables directly from the Company. In some cases, we also provide annual service to customers of our resellers at an additional charge. 

As
regulations continue to be passed regarding the disposal of food waste, we plan to leverage both our internal and external marketing
sources to communicate to and inform the target market of the increasing level of need for our products and services. 

Competition 

There
are a small number of companies that distribute products utilizing a similar aerobic digestion methodology as our Revolution Digester,
but we believe that they lack our technological depth of data collection, analytics and reporting. With the receipt of a United States
patent on our Network Connected Weight Tracking System for a Food Waste Disposal Machine in 2018 and a Canadian patent in 2022, there
is a barrier to competitors providing similar technology to their customers. Further, we believe that these competitors do not have a
competitive product to the Revolution Series of digesters based on price point, size, throughput, power and plumbing requirements and
data collection, analytics and reporting. 

3 

Most
of these competitors originated in Korea and continue to manufacture their products in Asia and India. One company that we are aware
of has claimed to be developing competitive data collection and web enablement, but are unaware of the deployment and functionality of
their technology offering. Compared to our competitors, we believe that our machine has the smallest footprint and requires the least
amount of water to operate, and we believe it is an industry leader in terms of installations and efficiency. Currently we are not aware
of any direct competitor with the ability to capture and deliver real time data. 

Alternative
technologies or processes to digesters or similar equipment are: 

Traditional
Composting: Composting has been in existence for many years and has historically been the only option for organics disposal. Composting: 

Relies
 heavily on truck collection and transportation. 

Uses
 facilities that can in some cases be considered public nuisances. 

Is
 very difficult to provide accurate metrics on waste volumes and generation. 

Facilities
 are difficult to site and are often long distances from waste generation. 

Is
 neither cost effective nor environmentally friendly. 

Anaerobic
Digestion: Anaerobic digesters are readily used throughout Europe. Anaerobic digestion AD is the decomposition of
organic waste in the absence of oxygen. The beneficial by-product is gas that is used to generate electricity. AD is generally accomplished
on a large municipal or commercial scale and traditionally has not been readily available as an at the source solution.
AD facilities are beginning to be utilized in the United States and are considered to be a viable disposal option for organic waste.
While the technology is sound, we believe that AD facilities face various challenges in the United States, although we believe that AD
facilities will continue to be developed and will be a part of the total solution for organic waste disposal. Many private equity funds
have made investments in companies that own or are permitting AD facilities. The challenges to AD include: 

Capital
 intensity of sizeable plants. 

Difficult
 to site with proximity to feedstock. 

Need
 steady, homogenous waste source (pre-processing is necessary). 

Relies
 on traditional collection and transportation of waste (significant costs). 

Rely
 on tip fee to subsidize operating expenses. 

Difficult
 to provide data to consumers (similar to composting). 

Patents and Trademarks 

On May 22, 2018, BioHiTech received
a United States patent for its Network Connected Weight Tracking System for a Food Waste Disposal Machine , which expires
on July 23, 2036. On March 22, 2022, BioHiTech received a Canadian patent for the Network Connected Weight Tracking System for
a Food Waste Disposal Machine , which expires on January 12, 2035. Both of these patents have been transferred to the Company. 

4 

Corporate
History 

The
Company was incorporated in the State of California on September 9, 2009 as Thunderclap Entertainment, Inc. On July 14, 2017, Thunderclap
Entertainment, Inc. changed its name to TraQiQ, Inc. 

On
March 18, 2022, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, approved a reverse 1-for-8 stock split of the Company s common stock
(the Reverse Split ). The Reverse Split was effective on March 21, 2022. The common stock and common stock equivalents and
the per-share amounts have been retroactively restated in accordance with ASC 855-10-25 and the loss per share figures have been retroactively
restated in accordance with ASC 260-10-55-12. 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company entered into an Assignment of Stock (the MTP Agreement with Mimo Technologies Private Ltd. MTP and Lathika Regunathan LR ), pursuant to which the Company sold, assigned and transferred to LR, and
LR purchased from the Company, all of the Company s equity interests in MTP in exchange for nominal consideration of 1.00. 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company entered into an Assignment of Stock (the TSP Agreement with TraQiQ Solutions Private Ltd. TSP and LR, pursuant to which the Company sold, assigned and transferred to LR and LR purchased from the Company, all
of the Company s equity interests in TSP in exchange for nominal consideration of 1.00. 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company entered into an Assignment of Units (the Rohuma Agreement , and, together with the MTP Agreement
and the TSP Agreement, the Disposition Agreements with Rohuma LLC Rohuma and Happy Kompany LLC Happy pursuant to which the Company sold, assigned and transferred to Happy, and Happy purchased from the Company, all of the Company s
equity interests in Rohuma, in exchange for nominal consideration of 1.00. Pursuant to the Rohuma Agreement, the Company assumed the
liabilities of Rohuma with respect to two loans with Paypal/Loanbuilder in an aggregate principal amount of 155,053 plus any accumulated
interest and fees. 

On
January 5, 2023, the Company, consummated the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement among TraQiQ Environmental, Inc. REI and BioHiTech America, LLC BHT and, together with REI, the Renovare Sellers and the Company, pursuant to
which the Renovare Sellers sold and assigned to the Company, and the Company purchased and assumed from the Renovare Sellers, (a) certain
assets related to the business of (i) offering aerobic digestion technology solutions for the disposal of food waste at the point of
generation and (ii) data analytics with respect to food waste (collectively, the Digester Business and (b) certain specified
liabilities of the Renovare Sellers, including, but not limited to, indebtedness in an amount equal to 3,017,090 (the Michaelson
Debt owed to Michaelson Capital Special Finance Fund II, L.P. Michaelson ). 

In
exchange for the assets of the Digester Business, the Company (a) paid the Renovare Sellers an amount equal to 150,000 and (b) issued
to REI (i) 1,250,000 shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 (the Series B Preferred Stock ),
and (ii) 15,686,926 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 (the Common Stock ), a portion of which
is being held in escrow. The Purchase Agreement contained standard representations and warranties by the Company and the Renovare Sellers
which, except for fundamental representations, remain in effect for twelve months following the closing date. 1,568,693 shares of the
Common Stock portion of the closing consideration were placed into escrow, the release of which is contingent upon a mutual agreement
of the parties or January 4, 2024 or if a claim is pending, a final non-appealable order of any court of competent jurisdiction. Additional
agreements ancillary to the asset acquisition were also executed, including but not limited to a bill of sale, assignment and assumption
agreement, an escrow agreement and a domain name assignment agreement. The Renovare Sellers also agreed that, for a period of five years
from closing date, the Sellers would not engage in a business that competes with the Digester Business. 

5 

Corporate
Information 

The
Company s principal executive offices are located at 14205 SE 36th St., Suite 100, Bellevue WA 98006 and its telephone number is
(425) 818-0560. The Company s website is https://RecoupEnv.com/. Information contained on our website does not constitute part
of and is not incorporated into this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Available
Information 

The
Company s reports filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, or the Exchange Act, are available, free of charge, on our Investors website at https://recoupenv.com/investors/ as soon
as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website at
http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, and other information regarding us and other companies that file materials with the SEC electronically. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Risks
Relating to Our Business, Operations of Financial Condition 

We
have a limited operating history and are subject to the risks encountered by early-stage companies. 

Our
company has a limited operating history, and you should consider and evaluate our operating prospects in light of the risks and uncertainties
frequently encountered by early-stage companies in rapidly evolving markets. For us, these risks include: 

risks
 that we may not have sufficient capital to achieve our growth strategy; 

risks
 that we may not develop our product and service offerings in a manner that enables us to be profitable and meet our customers 
 requirements; 

risks
 that our growth strategy may not be successful; and 

risks
 that fluctuations in our operating results will be significant relative to our revenues. 

These
risks are described in more detail below. Our future growth will depend substantially on our ability to address these and the other risks
described in this section. If we do not successfully address these risks, we will be unable to sustain our business growth to date and
you could lose your investment. 

Our
operating losses and working capital deficiency raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we do not
continue as a going concern, investors could lose their entire investment. 

Our
operating losses and working capital deficiency raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have an
accumulated deficit of 17,522,786 as of December 31, 2022. We may never achieve profitability. If we do not generate sufficient revenues,
do not achieve profitability and do not have other sources of financing for our business, we may have to curtail or cease our development
plans and operations, which could cause investors to lose the entire amount of their investment. 

We
are currently in default on several of our debt obligations, and have been in default on other debt obligations in the past year. If
we are unable to resolve such defaults or any future defaults, it could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations
and financial condition and is likely to negatively impact the price of our common stock. 

We
are currently in default on five notes totaling 409,225 of debt (the Outstanding Debt ). In addition, there was an additional
 400,000 that was previously in default, but has subsequently been cured. Upon an event of default under the Outstanding Debt, the holders
of such debt may exercise all rights and remedies available under the terms of the notes or applicable laws. We are currently in
discussions with holders of the Outstanding Debt regarding possible solutions for the payment of the Outstanding Debt, including the
possible extension of the maturity date of the Outstanding Debt. However, there can be no assurance that our discussions will be successful
and if we are not successful in finding an acceptable resolution to the existing default or the impending event of default, the holders
of the Outstanding Debt will be able to seek judgement for the full amount due and may seek to foreclose on our assets. If this occurs,
any such remedy will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and is likely to negatively
impact the price of our common stock. 

If
we are unable to transition to our new business, integrate our acquisitions or manage the growth of those companies effectively, our
business could be adversely affected. 

In
the past, our business has grown mostly through the acquisition of other companies, both in the United States and in India. Going forward,
we intend to focus on environmental services by acquiring cash-flow positive companies in that segment. We expect that our primary focus
will be to acquire companies in the environmental services located in the United States. however, if we are unable to transition to the
environmental services business or integrate our acquisitions effectively or efficiently, or fail to manage our growth, this could materially
and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Therefore, our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability
to manage this transition, expansion and growth successfully. In addition, to successfully manage such growth, we will need to implement
legal and accounting systems, human resource management and other tools, and if we are unable to do so this could also materially and
adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

6 

Post-acquisition of
the Renovare business, we face substantial competition in the waste services industry, and if we cannot successfully compete in the marketplace,
our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

The waste
services industry is highly competitive, has undergone a period of consolidation and requires substantial labor and capital resources.
Some of the markets in which we compete are served by one or more large, established companies, that are more well-known and better financed
than we are. Intense competition exists not only to provide services to customers, but also to develop new products and services and to
acquire other businesses within each market. Some of our competitors have significantly greater financial and other resources than we
do. 

In our
waste disposal markets, we also compete with operators of alternative disposal and recycling facilities. We also increasingly compete
with companies that seek to use waste as feedstock for alternative uses. Public entities may have financial advantages because of their
ability to charge user fees or similar charges, impose tax revenues, access tax-exempt financing and, in some cases, utilize government
subsidies. If we are unable to distinguish ourselves from our competitors and are unable to compete successfully, our business, financial
condition and results of operations will be materially adversely affected. 

If
third parties claim that we infringe their intellectual property, it may result in costly litigation. 

Third
parties may claim our current or future products infringe their intellectual property rights. Any such claims, with or without merit,
could cause costly litigation that could consume significant management time. As the number of product and services offerings in the
artificial intelligence, mobile payments and task worker markets increases and functionalities increasingly overlap, we may become increasingly
subject to infringement claims. Such claims also might require us to enter into royalty or license agreements. If required, we may not
be able to enter into such royalty or license agreements or obtain them on terms acceptable to us. 

Pandemics and other public health emergencies,
including the COVID-19 pandemic, or fear thereof, could adversely impact our business, operations and financial condition. 

Occurrences of epidemics or pandemics,
depending on their scale, may cause different degrees of damage to national and local economies. Global economic conditions may be disrupted
by widespread outbreaks of infectious or contagious diseases, including any resurgence or new variants of COVID-19. Pandemics and other
public health emergencies, or fear thereof, have in the past caused and may in the future cause substantial changes in consumer behavior
and restrictions on business and individual activities, which have led, and may lead to reduced economic activity. These effects could
be exacerbated or prolonged by the emergence of variants. Extraordinary actions taken by international, federal, state and local public
health and governmental authorities to contain and combat pandemics in regions throughout the world, including travel bans, quarantines,
 stay-at-home orders and similar mandates for many individuals and businesses to substantially restrict daily activities
have had and could in the future have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We
will need additional financing. Any limitation on our ability to obtain such additional financing could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may need to raise additional capital, which we may be unable to obtain on favorable or reasonable terms, or at all. If we raise additional
capital, it could result in dilution to our stockholders. Any limitation on our ability to obtain additional capital as and when needed
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

7 

If
we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be
impaired, which could harm our operating results, our ability to operate our business and investors views of us. 

Ensuring
that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place so that we can produce accurate financial statements
on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires public companies to conduct an
annual review and evaluation of their internal controls. The Company s internal control over financial reporting and disclosure
controls and procedures were ineffective as of December 31, 2022. Our failure to maintain the effectiveness of our internal controls
in accordance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act has had and may in the future have a material adverse effect on our business. We could lose investor
confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock.
In addition, if our efforts to comply with new or changed laws, regulations, and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory
or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our
business may be harmed. 

Risks
Relating to our Common Stock 

Our common stock is concentrated among a two large stockholders, whose
interests may conflict with those of investors. 

As
of March 24, 2023, our Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and President, Ajay Sikka, beneficially owns
shares representing approximately 35 of our common stock, and Renovare Environmental, Inc. beneficially owns shares representing
approximately 42 of our common stock. Each, therefore, is in a position to exercise substantial influence over the outcome of all
matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including the election of directors. 

We
may be unsuccessful in having our common stock listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

We
have applied to have our common stock listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol TRIQ. Our application has not
yet been approved, and there can be no assurance that it will be approved. If it is approved and our common stock is listed, we may not
be able to meet the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market, which require, among other things, a minimum closing price
of our common stock and a minimum market capitalization. If we are unable to satisfy the requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market for
continued listing, our common stock would be subject to delisting from that market, and we might or might not be eligible to list our
shares on another Nasdaq market. A delisting of our common stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market, particularly if we did not qualify to
be listed on another Nasdaq market, could negatively impact us by, among other things, reducing the liquidity and market price of our
common stock. 

There
is currently not an active liquid trading market for the Company s common stock. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets QB tier under the symbol TRIQ . However, there is currently no regular active
trading market in our common stock. Although there are periodic volume spikes from time to time, a consistent, active trading market
may not develop. Whether or not in the future our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, there is no assurance an active
trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained or that we will remain eligible for continued listing on the Nasdaq
Capital Market. If an active market for our common stock develops, there is a significant risk that our stock price may fluctuate in
the future in response to any of the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

variations
 in our quarterly operating results; 

announcements
 that our revenue or income are below analysts expectations; 

general
 economic downturns; 

sales
 of large blocks of our common stock; or 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments. 

8 

You
may experience dilution of your ownership interest due to future issuance of our securities. 

We
are currently authorized to issue 300,000,000 shares of common stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. We may issue additional
shares of common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock in future public offerings or private
placements for capital raising purposes or for other business purposes, or upon conversion or exercise of outstanding options, warrants,
or preferred stock. The future issuance of a substantial amount of common stock, or the perception that such an issuance could occur,
could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common shares. A decline in the price of our common stock could make it more
difficult to raise funds through future offerings of our common stock or securities convertible into common stock. 

Our
board of directors may issue and fix the terms of shares of our preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could adversely affect
the voting power of holders of our common stock or any change in control of our company. 

Our
articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock, with such designation
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the board of directors. Of these authorized shares, 220,135 Series B
Preferred Stock are currently outstanding. Our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to create additional series
and issue additional shares of preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could adversely affect
the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. In the event of such issuances, the preferred stock could be used,
under certain circumstances, as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of our company. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends. 

We
do not anticipate that we will declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently, you will only realize an economic
gain on your investment in our common stock if the price appreciates, which may not occur. You should not purchase our common stock expecting
to receive cash dividends. Since we do not pay dividends, and if an active trading market for our shares does not develop, you may not
have any manner to liquidate or receive any payment on your investment. Therefore, our failure to pay dividends may cause you to not
see any return on your investment even if we are successful in our business operations. In addition, because we do not pay dividends
we may have trouble raising additional funds which could affect our ability to expand our business operations. 

Our
common stock is subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC and the trading market in the securities is limited, which
makes transactions in the stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in the stock. 

Our
common stock is subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC because it has historically had a market price of less than
 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: 

that
 a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks after compliance with various information collection
 rules and a suitability evaluation; 

the
 broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the
 penny stock to be purchased; and 

the
 broker or dealer deliver a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC. 

If
we are successful in our application to list our stock for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market and we are able to maintain that listing,
our stock will cease to be a penny stock. However, if we cease to obtain and maintain that listing, we may again be subject to the penny
stock rules. Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. In addition,
according to the SEC, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. These factors may make
it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our common stock if it were
to become subject to the penny stock rules. 

9 

If
we are unable to successfully compete in the marketplace, our business and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

The
waste services industry is subject to extensive and rapidly-changing government regulation. Changes to one or more of these regulations
could cause a decrease in the demand for our products and services. 

Stringent
government regulations at the federal, state and local level in the U.S. have a substantial impact on the waste industry and compliance
with such regulations is costly. A large number of complex laws, rules, orders and interpretations govern environmental protection, health,
safety, land use, zoning, transportation and related matters. Among other things, governmental regulations and enforcement actions may
restrict operations within the waste industry and may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We
believe the demand for our digester product is created directly in response to recent laws and regulation prohibiting certain large,
commercial food manufacturers, retailers and hospitality enterprises from discarding food wastes to landfills. Our digesters are just
one solution for these businesses to comply with these regulations and other regulations. If there was a change to or elimination of
these regulations, the demand for our product would almost certainly be greatly reduced and our income would, as a result, be adversely
affected. 

Currently,
the microorganisms we employ in our digesters are approved for use to reduce food waste and to be poured into conventional sewer systems.
However, if it was determined that we could no longer use these microorganisms, there is no guarantee that we could develop a replacement
process to assure that we could continue to sell our products. Also, we would likely face claims from current customers were they unable
to use our digesters for food waste disposal. 

We
may also incur the costs of defending against environmental litigation brought by governmental agencies and private parties. We may be
in the future a defendant in lawsuits brought by parties alleging environmental damage, personal injury, and/or property damage, or which
seek to overturn or prevent authorization of our products, all of which may result in us incurring significant liabilities. 

We
may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates. If we identify suitable acquisition candidates, we may be unable to successfully
negotiate acquisitions at a price or on terms and conditions acceptable to us, and we may be unable to obtain the necessary regulatory
approvals to complete potential acquisitions. If executed, acquisitions may not improve our business or may pose significant risks. 

We
may in the future, make acquisitions in order to acquire complementing or expanding our business, including developing additional disposal
products and complementary services. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates. If we identify suitable acquisition
candidates, we may be unable to successfully negotiate acquisitions at a price or on terms and conditions acceptable to us, including
as a result of the limitations imposed by our debt obligations. Further, we may be unable to obtain the necessary regulatory approval,
if required, to complete potential acquisitions. We may be unable to complete these transactions and, if executed, these transactions
may not improve our business or may pose significant risks and could have a negative effect on our operations. 

10 

Our
ability to achieve the benefits of any potential future acquisition, including cost savings and operating efficiencies, depends in part
on our ability to successfully integrate the operations of such acquired businesses with our operations. The integration of acquired
businesses and other assets may require significant management time and resources that would otherwise be available for the ongoing management
of our existing operations. In addition, to the extent any future acquisitions are completed, we may be unsuccessful in integrating acquired
companies or their operations, or if integration is more difficult than anticipated, we may experience disruptions that could have a
material adverse impact on future profitability. Some of the risks that may affect our ability to integrate, or realize any anticipated
benefits from, acquisitions include: 

unexpected
 losses of key employees or customer of the acquired company; 

difficulties
 integrating the acquired company s standards, processes, procedures and controls; 

difficulties
 coordinating new product and process development; 

difficulties
 hiring additional management and other critical personnel; 

difficulties
 increasing the scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations; 

difficulties
 consolidating facilities, transferring processes and know-how; 

difficulties
 reducing costs of the acquired company s business; 

diversion
 of management s attention from our management; and 

adverse
 impacts on retaining existing business relationships with customers. 

We
rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or hire additional qualified personnel, we
may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our
performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing
ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Our continued ability
to compete effectively depends on our ability to retain and motivate existing employees. Due to our reliance upon its skilled professionals
and laborers, the failure to attract, integrate, motivate, and retain current and/or additional key employees could have a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

If
we fail to manage growth or to prepare for product scalability and integration effectively, it could have an adverse effect on our employee
efficiency, product quality, working capital levels and results of operations. 

Any
significant growth in the market for our products or our entry into new markets may require an expansion of our employee base for managerial,
operational, financial, and other purposes. During any period of growth, we may face problems related to our operational and financial
systems and controls, including quality control and delivery and service capacities. We would also need to continue to expand, train
and manage our employee base. Continued future growth will impose significant added responsibilities upon the members of management to
identify, recruit, maintain, integrate, and motivate new employees. 

11 

Aside
from increased difficulties in the management of human resources, we may need increased liquidity to finance the expansion of our existing
business, the development of new products, and the hiring of additional employees. For effective growth management, we will be required
to continue improving our operations, management, and financial systems and controls. Our failure to manage growth effectively may lead
to operational and financial inefficiencies that will have a negative effect on our profitability. We cannot assure investors that we
will be able to timely and effectively meet that demand and maintain the quality standards required by our existing and potential customers. 

Our
management team may not be able to successfully implement our business strategies. 

If
our management team is unable to execute on its business strategies, then our development, including the establishment of revenues and
our sales and marketing activities, would be materially and adversely affected. In addition, we may encounter difficulties in effectively
managing the budgeting, forecasting and other process control issues presented by any future growth. We may seek to augment or replace
members of our management team or we may lose key members of our management team, and we may not be able to attract new management talent
with sufficient skill and experience. 

If
we are unable to retain key executives and other key affiliates, our growth could be significantly inhibited, and our business harmed
with a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
success is, to a certain extent, attributable to the management, sales and marketing, and operational and technical expertise of certain
key personnel. Ajay Sikka, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, performs key functions in the operation of our business.
The loss of Mr. Sikka could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we lose
the services of any senior management, we may not be able to locate suitable or qualified replacements and may incur additional expenses
to recruit and train new personnel, which could severely disrupt our business and prospects. 

Our
financial results may not meet the expectations of investors and may fluctuate because of many factors and, as a result, investors should
not rely on our revenue and/or financial projections as indicative of future results. 

Fluctuations
in operating results or the failure of operating results to meet the expectations investors may negatively impact the value of our securities.
Operating results may fluctuate due to a variety of factors that could affect revenues or expenses in any particular quarter. Fluctuations
in operating results could cause the value of our securities to decline. Investors should not rely on revenue or financial projections
or comparisons of results of operations as an indication of future performance. As a result of the factors listed below, it is possible
that in future periods results of operations may be below the expectations of investors. This could cause the market price of our securities
to decline and negatively impact our ability to raise debt and capital. Factors that may affect our operating results include: 

delays
 in sales resulting from potential customer sales cycles; 

variations
 or inconsistencies in return on investment models and results; 

changes
 in competition; and 

changes
 or threats of significant changes in legislation or rules or standards that would change the drivers for product adoption. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

TraQiQ
does not own or lease any property. Our mailing address is 14205 S.E. 36th St., Suite 100, Bellevue, WA 98006. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time we are involved in claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We cannot predict the outcome
of any litigation or suit to which we are a party. However, we do not believe that an unfavorable decision of any of the current claims
or legal actions against us, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results
of operations, liquidity or capital resources. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

12 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC QB Market under the symbol TRIQ. 
The OTC QB market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent
actual transactions 

Holders
of our Common Stock 

As
of March 30, 2023, there were approximately 100 stockholders of record of our common stock. This number does not include shares held
by brokerage clearing houses, depositories or others in unregistered form. The stock transfer agent for our securities is Equity
Stock Transfer. 

Dividends 

The
Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on its common stock. The Company currently intends to retain future earnings, if
any, to finance the expansion of its business. As a result, the Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company exchanged outstanding debt securities of the Company with unpaid principal and interest in the amount
of 5,786,474 for 13,002,729 shares of its common stock and 220,135 shares of its Series B Preferred stock. These transactions were with
Evergreen Capital Management, LLC Evergreen ), the Company s Chief Executive Officer, and other individuals who are
related to the Company s Chief Executive Officer. These sales of securities were consummated pursuant to the exemption from registration in Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, because it was exclusively with existing security holders of the Company and no commission or other
remuneration was given or paid, directly or indirectly, for soliciting such exchange. The sales were also exempt under Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as all of the purchasers were sophisticated in business and investment matters. 

On January 5, 2023, the Company issued 150,000
shares of the Company s common stock to Greg Rankich. These sales of securities were consummated pursuant to the exemption from
registration in Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, because it was exclusively with existing security holders of
the Company and no commission or other remuneration was given or paid, directly or indirectly, for soliciting such exchange. The sales
were also exempt under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the purchaser was sophisticated in business and investment
matters. 

Between October 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022, 394,219
options were exercised into 394,219 shares of the Company s common stock for 0.0001. These sales of securities were consummated
pursuant to the exemption from registration in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company determined that
all of the purchasers were sophisticated in business and investment matters. 

On
December 1, 2022, the Company issued 168,750 shares of its common stock in exchange for vested restricted stock awards. These sales of
securities were consummated pursuant to the exemption from registration in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
The Company determined that all of the purchasers were sophisticated in business and investment matters. 

Between April 1, 2022 and June 30, 2022, the Company issued 179,506 shares of its common stock in exchange for warrants. These sales of securities were consummated
pursuant to the exemption from registration in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company determined that
all of the purchasers were sophisticated in business and investment matters. 

Between October 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022, the
Company issued 43,803 shares of its common stock in exchange for warrants. These sales of securities were consummated pursuant to the
exemption from registration in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company determined that all of the purchasers
were sophisticated in business and investment matters. 

Through December 31, 2022, the Company issued 223,309
shares of its common stock in exchange for warrants. These sales of securities were consummated pursuant to the exemption from registration
in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company determined that all of the purchasers were sophisticated in
business and investment matters. 

On
July 5, 2022, the Company entered into a 11 OID Senior Secured Promissory Note with GS Capital Partners LLC (the GS Capital in the amount of 144,000 (includes 14,000 of Original Issue Discount). The GS Capital note has a maturity of twelve months and accrues
interest at a rate of 12 per year. The conversion price is equal to 86 of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock
for the 12 Trading Days immediately preceding the delivery of a notice of conversion. In accordance with the terms of the note, the Company
issued 3,000 shares of common stock as a commitment fee. These securities were issued as a private offering and sale pursuant to the
exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company determined that GS Capital Partners,
LLC was sophisticated in business and investment matters. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data. 

As
a smaller reporting company, the Company is not required to file selected financial data. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which we have prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.
On an ongoing basis, we evaluate estimates and judgments, including those described in greater detail below. We base our estimates on
historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual
results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

As
used in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation, except where the
context otherwise requires, the term we, us, our, or the Company, refers to the
business of TraQiQ, Inc. 

13 

Overview 

The
Company currently markets an aerobic digestion technology solution for the disposal of food waste at the point of generation. Its line
of Revolution Series Digesters has been described as self-contained, robotic digestive systems that we believe are as easy to install
as a standard dishwasher with no special electrical or plumbing requirements. Units range in size depending upon capacity, with the smallest
unit approximately the size of a residential washing machine. The digesters utilize a biological process to convert food waste into a
liquid that we believe is safe to discharge down an ordinary drain. This process can result in a substantial reduction in costs for customers
including cruise lines, restaurants, retail stores, hospitals, hotel/hospitality companies and governmental units by eliminating the
transportation and logistics costs associated with food waste disposal. The Company also expects the process reduce the greenhouse gases
associated with food-waste transportation and decomposition in landfills that have been linked to climate change. The Company offers
its Revolution Series Digesters in several sizes targeting small- to mid-sized food waste generation sites that are often more economical
than traditional disposal methods. The Revolution Series Digesters are manufactured and assembled in the United States. 

In
an effort to expand the capabilities of its digesters, the Company developed a sophisticated Internet of Things IoT technology
platform to provide its customers with transparency into their internal and supply chain waste generation and operational practices.
This patented process collects weight related data from the digesters to deliver real-time data that provides valuable information that
when analyzed, can improve efficiency, and validate corporate sustainability efforts. The Company provides its IoT platform through a
SaaS Software as a Service model that is either bundled in its rental agreements or sold through a separate annual software
license. The Company continues to add new capacity sizes to its line of Revolution Series Digesters to meet customer needs. 

The
Company was incorporated in the State of California on September 9, 2009 as Thunderclap Entertainment, Inc. On July 14, 2017, Thunderclap
Entertainment, Inc. changed its name to TraQiQ, Inc. 

On
March 18, 2022, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, approved a reverse 1-for-8 stock split of the Company s common stock
(the Reverse Split ). The Reverse Split was effective on March 21, 2022. The common stock and common stock equivalents and
the per-share amounts have been retroactively restated in accordance with ASC 855-10-25 and the loss per share figures have been retroactively
restated in accordance with ASC 260-10-55-12. 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company entered into an Assignment of Stock (the MTP Agreement with Mimo Technologies Private Ltd. MTP and Lathika Regunathan LR ), pursuant to which the Company sold, assigned and transferred to LR, and
LR purchased from the Company, all of the Company s equity interests in MTP in exchange for nominal consideration of 1.00. 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company entered into an Assignment of Stock (the TSP Agreement with TraQiQ Solutions Private Ltd. TSP and LR, pursuant to which the Company sold, assigned and transferred to LR and LR purchased from the Company, all
of the Company s equity interests in TSP in exchange for nominal consideration of 1.00. 

14 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company entered into an Assignment of Units (the Rohuma Agreement , and, together with the MTP Agreement
and the TSP Agreement, the Disposition Agreements with Rohuma LLC Rohuma and Happy Kompany LLC Happy pursuant to which the Company sold, assigned and transferred to Happy, and Happy purchased from the Company, all of the Company s
equity interests in Rohuma, in exchange for nominal consideration of 1.00. Pursuant to the Rohuma Agreement, the Company assumed the
liabilities of Rohuma with respect to two loans with Paypal/Loanbuilder in an aggregate principal amount of 155,053 plus any accumulated
interest and fees. 

On January 5, 2023, the Company,
consummated the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement among TraQiQ Environmental, Inc. REI and BioHiTech
America, LLC BHT and, together with REI, the Renovare Sellers and the Company, pursuant to which the Renovare
Sellers sold and assigned to the Company, and the Company purchased and assumed from the Renovare Sellers, (a) certain assets related
to the business of (i) offering aerobic digestion technology solutions for the disposal of food waste at the point of generation and (ii)
data analytics with respect to food waste (collectively, the Digester Business and (b) certain specified liabilities of
the Renovare Sellers, including, but not limited to, indebtedness in an amount equal to 3,017,090 (the Michaelson Debt owed to Michaelson Capital Special Finance Fund II, L.P. Michaelson ). 

In exchange for the assets
of the Digester Business, the Company (a) paid the Renovare Sellers an amount equal to 150,000 and (b) issued to REI (i) 1,250,000 shares
of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 (the Series B Preferred Stock ), and (ii) 15,686,926 shares
of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 (the Common Stock ), a portion of which is being held in escrow. The
Purchase Agreement contained standard representations and warranties by the Company and the Renovare Sellers which, except for fundamental
representations, remain in effect for twelve months following the closing date. 1,568,693 shares of the Common Stock portion of the closing
consideration were placed into escrow, the release of which is contingent upon a mutual agreement of the parties or January 4, 2024 or
if a claim is pending, a final non-appealable order of any court of competent jurisdiction. Additional agreements ancillary to the asset
acquisition were also executed, including but not limited to a bill of sale, assignment and assumption agreement, an escrow agreement
and a domain name assignment agreement. The Renovare Sellers also agreed that, for a period of five years from closing date, the Sellers
would not engage in a business that competes with the Digester Business. 

Going
Concern 

The
Company has an accumulated deficit of 17,522,786 and a working capital deficit of 1,616,199 as of December 31, 2022, compared to
an accumulated deficit of 8,953,768 and a working capital deficit of 9,844,269 as of December 31, 2021. The Company s
continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to meet its
obligations, which it has not been able to accomplish to date, and/or obtain additional financing from its stockholders and/or other
third parties. 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies the Company will continue to meet its obligations
and continue its operations for the next fiscal year. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the ability
of the Company to obtain necessary equity or debt financing to continue operations, successfully locating and negotiating with other
business entities for potential acquisition and /or acquiring new clients to generate revenues. The consolidated financial statements
of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of the uncertainties. During the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company converted 5.0 million of debt into shares of common and Series B Preferred Stock. Additionally, in the first quarter
of 2023, the Company completed an acquisition of Renovare. Overall, management is focused on effectively positioning the Company for
a positive increase in cash flows. The Company will continue to closely monitor the cash flows of the Company. 

In
order to further implement its business plan and satisfy its working capital requirements, the Company will need to raise additional
capital. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to raise additional equity or debt financing at acceptable terms, if at
all. 

There
is no assurance that the Company will ever be profitable. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect
the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that
may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
significant accounting policies are more fully described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. Those material accounting
estimates that we believe are the most critical to an investor s understanding of our financial results and condition are discussed
immediately below and are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the
application of significant judgment by our management to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain
estimates. 

15 

Consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of TraQiQ, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The
Company applies the guidance of Topic 810 Consolidation of the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ASC to determine whether and how to consolidate another entity. Pursuant to ASC paragraph 810-10-15-10,
all majority-owned subsidiaries all entities in which a parent has a controlling financial interest are consolidated except
when control does not rest with the parent. 

Pursuant
to ASC paragraph 810-10-15-8, the usual condition for a controlling financial interest is ownership of a majority voting interest, and,
therefore, as a general rule ownership by one reporting entity, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 percent of the outstanding voting
shares of another entity is a condition pointing toward consolidation. The power to control may also exist with a lesser percentage of
ownership, for example, by contract, lease, agreement with other stockholders, or by court decree. 

In
accordance with ASC 810-10-45, the Company has deconsolidated the subsidiaries of MTP, Rohuma and TSP as a result of the nonreciprocal
transfer (spinoff). The Company has recognized the loss on the spinoff in net loss on the consolidated statements of operations 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. These estimates include, but are not limited to, management s
estimate of provisions required for non-collectible accounts receivable, depreciative lives of our assets, determination of technological
feasibility, and valuation allowances of our deferred tax assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Capitalized
Software Costs 

In
accordance with the relevant FASB accounting guidance regarding the development of software to be sold, leased, or marketed, the Company
expenses such costs as they are incurred until technological feasibility has been established, at and after which time these costs are
capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. Once the technological feasibility is established per ASC
985-20, the Company capitalizes costs associated with the acquisition or development of major software for internal and external use
in the balance sheet. Costs incurred to enhance the Company s software products, after general market release of the services using
the products, is expensed in the period they are incurred. The Company only capitalizes subsequent additions, modifications or upgrades
to internally developed software to the extent that such changes allow the software to perform a task it previously did not perform.
The Company expenses software maintenance and training costs as incurred. As of December 31, 2022, there were no capitalized software
costs. 

Revenue
Recognition 

In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), specifically ASC 606-10-50-12. This standard
provides a single set of guidelines for revenue recognition to be used across all industries and requires additional disclosures. The
updated guidance introduces a five-step model to achieve its core principal of the entity recognizing revenue to depict the transfer
of goods or services to customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services. The Company adopted the updated guidance effective January 1, 2018 using the full retrospective method,
however the new standard did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations,
as it did not change the manner or timing of recognizing revenue. 

16 

Professional
Service Revenue 

TRAQ Pvt Ltd. generally derived a large part of its
revenues from professional and support services, which included revenue generated from software development projects and associated fees
for consulting, implementation, training, and project management provided to customers using their systems. Revenue from arrangements
with customers was recognized based on the Company s satisfaction of distinct performance obligations identified in each agreement,
generally at a point in time as discussed in ASC 606. In instances where multiple performance obligations were identified, the Company
allocated the transaction price to each performance obligation based on relative selling prices of each distinct product or service, and
recognizes revenue related to each performance obligation at the points in time that each performance obligation is satisfied. The Company s
performance obligation included providing customization of software and the selling of licenses, where the Company typically satisfied
its performance obligations prior to the submission of invoices to the customer for such services. The Company s performance obligation
for consulting and technical support was delivered on as the work was being performed, which was satisfied prior to invoicing. The Company
generally collected payment within 30 to 60 days of completion of the performance obligation and there were no agency relationships. 

Software development arrangements involving significant
customization, modification or production were accounted for in accordance with the appropriate technical accounting guidance issued by
the FASB using the percentage-of- completion method. The Company recognized revenue using periodic reported actual hours worked as a percentage
of total expected hours required to complete the project arrangement and applied the percentage to the total arrangement fee. 

Unbilled revenue represented earnings in excess of
billings as at the end of the reporting period. Sales taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities were accounted
for on a net basis and therefore were excluded from revenues in the statements of operations. 

TRAQ Pvt Ltd. has deferred the revenue and costs attributable
to certain process transition activities with respect to its customers where such activities do not represent the culmination of a separate
earnings process. Such revenue and costs were subsequently recognized ratably over the period in which the related services were performed.
Further, the deferred costs were limited to the amount of the deferred revenues. As of December 31, 2022, there was no deferred revenue. 

Software Solution Revenue 

Revenue from arrangements with customers was recognized
based on the Company s satisfaction of distinct performance obligations identified in each agreement, generally at a point in time
as discussed in ASC 606. In instances where multiple performance obligations are identified, the Company allocated the transaction price
to each performance obligation based on relative selling prices of each distinct product or service, and recognized revenue related to
each performance obligation at the points in time that each performance obligation was satisfied. The Company s performance obligation
included providing connectivity to software, generally through a monthly subscription, where the Company typically satisfied its performance
obligations prior to the submission of invoices to the customer for such services. The Company s performance obligation for hardware
components that were purchased by the customer in connection with the solution was delivery of the purchased device, which was satisfied
prior to invoicing. The Company provided a twelve-month warranty on their hardware. All units deployed by the Company were past the twelve-month
period, thus the Company did not accrue for a warranty liability. The Company generally collected payment within 30 to 60 days of completion
of the performance obligation and there were no agency relationships. 

Revenue From Sales of Goods 

Revenue from arrangements with customers was recognized
based on the Company s satisfaction of distinct performance obligations identified in each agreement, generally at a point in time
as discussed in ASC 606. The performance obligations were satisfied upon shipment of the merchandise being sold. 

17 

Costs
of Services Provided 

Costs of services provided consisted of data processing
costs, customer support costs including personnel costs to maintain the Company s proprietary databases, costs to provide customer
call center support, hardware and software expense associated with transaction processing systems and exchanges, telecommunication and
computer network expense, and occupancy costs associated with facilities where these functions are performed. Depreciation expense was
not included in costs of services provided. 

Foreign
Currency Transactions 

The
Company accounts for foreign currency transactions in accordance with ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters ASC 830 ),
specifically the guidance in subsection ASC 830-20, Foreign Currency Transactions . The U.S. dollar is the functional and
reporting currency for the Company and its subsidiaries other than the Indian subsidiaries whose functional currency is the Indian Rupee.
Pursuant to ASC 830, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at exchange rates
in effect at the balance sheet date, with the resulting gains or losses upon settlement reported in foreign exchange gain (loss) in the
computation of net income (loss). Gains or losses resulting from translation adjustments are reported under accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss). 

Uncertain
Tax Positions 

The
Company follows ASC 740-10, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes . This requires recognition and measurement of uncertain
income tax positions using a more-likely-than-not approach. Management evaluates the Company s tax positions on an
annual basis. 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal tax jurisdiction and various state and foreign tax jurisdictions. The federal and
state income tax returns of the Company are subject to examination by the IRS and state taxing authorities, generally for three years
after they were filed. Foreign income tax returns are subject to examination by foreign taxing authorities. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

ASC
825, Financial Instruments , requires the Company to disclose estimated fair values for its financial instruments.
Fair value estimates, methods, and assumptions are set forth below for the Company s financial instruments: The carrying amount
of cash, accounts receivable, prepaid and other current assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses, stockholder advances, and short-term
financing approximate fair value because of the short-term maturity of those instruments. The Company does not utilize derivative instruments. 

Earnings
(Loss) Per Share of Common Stock 

Basic
net income (loss) per common share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share
(EPS) include additional dilution from common stock equivalents, such as convertible notes, preferred stock, stock issuable pursuant
to the exercise of stock options and warrants. Common stock equivalents are not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share
when the Company reports a loss because to do so would be anti-dilutive for periods presented. An uncertain number of shares underlying
convertible debt have been excluded from the computation of loss per share because their impact was anti-dilutive. 

Related
Party Transactions 

Parties
are considered to be related to the Company if the parties directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, control, are controlled
by, or are under common control with the Company. Related parties also include principal stockholders of the Company, its management,
members of the immediate families of principal stockholders of the Company and its management and other parties with which the Company
may deal where one-party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that
one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. The Company discloses all related party
transactions. All transactions shall be recorded at fair value of the goods or services exchanged. Property purchased from a related
party is recorded at the cost to the related party and any payment to or on behalf of the related party in excess of the cost is reflected
as compensation or distribution to related parties depending on the transaction. 

18 

Lease
Obligations 

The
Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use ROU assets, current portion of operating lease liabilities and operating lease liabilities, less current portion in the Company s consolidated
balance sheets. 

ROU
assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company s
obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date
based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. For leases in which the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable,
the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value
of lease payments. Lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise
that option. Lease expense for operating lease arrangements is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company has
lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for separately. There is no lease obligation as of December
31, 2022. 

Results
of Operations and Financial Condition for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 as Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, the Company s
revenues increased by 1,582, or 100 , from 0 in 2021 to 1,582 in 2022. As a result of operations being discontinued, a majority of
revenue has been reclassified to discontinued operations, leaving a small amount or revenue remaining on the statements of operations relating
to continuing operations. 

Cost
of Revenues 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, the Company s
cost of revenues increased by 54,209, or 100 , from 0 in 2021 to 54,209 in 2022. As a result of operations being discontinued, a majority
of cost of revenues has been reclassified to discontinued operations, leaving a small amount of revenue remaining on the statements of
operations relating to continuing operations. 

Operating
Expenses 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, the Company s salary and salary-related costs decreased by
 1,086,226, or 85 , from 1,279,860 in 2021 to 193,634 in 2022. The decrease is the result of scaling down operations in 2022, and
inevitably the dispositions of Rohuma, TSP and Mimo during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, the Company s
professional fees decreased by 335,680, or 48 , from 694,787 in 2021 to 359,107 in 2022. Our professional fees decreased due to the
acquisitions of Rohuma and Mimo as well as fees related to the acquisitions of those companies in 2021, and due to public offering expenses
in 2021. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, the Company s rent expense slightly decreased by 50, or 2 , from
 2,184 in 2021 to 2,134 in 2022. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s depreciation and amortization expense was 33,240. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, the Company s
general and administrative expenses decreased by 1,706,278, or 69 , from 2,458,206 in 2021 to 751,928 in 2022 primarily due to the
cutbacks in travel and stock based compensation expenses. 

19 

Interest Expense, net of interest income 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December
31, 2021, the Company s interest expense increased by 639,483, or 50 , from 1,266,777 in 2021 to 1,906,260 in 2022 due to higher
levels of debt in 2022. 

Derivative Liabilities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December
31, 2021, the Company s change in the fair value of the derivative liability and derivative expense decreased by 221,797, from
 1,077,387 in 2021 to 855,590 in 2022 due to the convertible promissory notes and related warrants being classified as derivative liabilities
and the changes in the share price over the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition the
Company recognized a gain on extinguishment of derivative liabilities of 0 in 2022 versus 1,089,675 in 2021. 

Forgiveness of Debt and Other Income 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December
31, 2021, the Company s forgiveness of debt and other income increased by 1,742,606 or 17,301 , from 10,072 in 2021 to 1,752,678
in 2022 due to the forgiveness of accrued interest on notes payable upon conversion of debt. 

Loss from discontinued operations 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December
31, 2021, the Company s loss from discontinued operations, after taxes increased by 6,137,455, from 632,258 in 2021 to 6,769,713
in 2022 primarily due to the loss from disposal of subsidiaries of 5,804,121. 

Net Loss 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December
31, 2021, the Company s net loss increased by 2,718,193, from 6,453,363 in 2021 to 9,171,556 in 2022 due to the changes noted
herein. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Working Capital 

As of December 31, 2022, current assets were 66,460
and current liabilities outstanding were 1,682,659, which resulted in a working capital deficit of 1,616,199. As of December 31, 2021,
current assets were 980,747 and current liabilities outstanding were 10,825,016, which resulted in a working capital deficit of 9,844,269. 

We believe that our available cash balance as of the
date of this filing will not be sufficient to fund our anticipated level of operations for at least the next 12 months. Management believes
that our ability to continue our operations depends on our ability to sustain and grow revenue and results of operations as well as our
ability to access capital markets when necessary to accomplish our strategic objectives. Management believes that we will continue to
incur losses for the immediate future. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred negative cash flow from operations. We expect
to finance our cash needs from the results of operations and, depending on results of operations, we may need additional equity or debt
financing until we can achieve profitability and positive cash flows from operating activities, if ever. 

On or prior to March 31, 2024, we have obligations
relating to the payment of indebtedness on term loans and notes payable of 3,652,890 and 1,350,037, respectively. We anticipate meeting
our cash obligations on our indebtedness that is payable on or prior to March 31, 2024 from the results of operations and, depending on
results of operations, we will likely need additional equity or debt financing. 

Our future capital requirements for our operations
will depend on many factors, including the profitability of our businesses, the number of and cash requirements of other acquisition candidates
that we pursue, and the costs of our operations. Our management has taken several actions to ensure that we will have sufficient liquidity
to meet our obligations through March 31, 2024, including the sale of certain of our businesses. We also are evaluating other measures
to further improve our liquidity, including, the sale of equity or debt securities and entering into joint ventures with third parties.
Lastly, we may elect to reduce certain related-party and third-party debt by converting such debt into preferred or common shares. Our
management believes that these actions will enable us to meet our liquidity requirements through March 31, 2024. There is no assurance
that we will be successful in any capital-raising efforts that we may undertake to fund operations during 2023. 

We plan to generate positive cash flow from our operation;
however, to execute our business plan, service our existing indebtedness and implement our business strategy, we will need to obtain additional
financing from time to time and may choose to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financings, a bank line
of credit, borrowings from affiliates or other arrangements. We cannot be sure that any additional funding, if needed, will be available
on terms favorable to us or at all. Furthermore, any additional capital raised through the sale of equity or equity-linked securities
may dilute our current stockholders ownership in us and could also result in a decrease in the market price of our common stock.
The terms of any securities issued by us in future capital transactions may be more favorable to new investors and may include the issuance
of warrants or other derivative securities, which may have a further dilutive effect. We also may be required to recognize non-cash expenses
in connection with certain securities we issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which may adversely impact our financial condition.
Furthermore, any debt financing, if available, may subject us to restrictive covenants and significant interest costs. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital, when needed, to continue operations in their current form. 

Sources and Uses of Cash 

Net cash used in operating activities was 1,464,960
for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3,163,103 in 2021. Cash used in operating activities for 2022 and 2021 was primarily
related to the loss in operations offset by a loss on the disposal of subsidiaries, increases and decreases in accounts payable and accrued
expenses and the changes in accounts receivable due to the lack of adequate cash flow of the Company as well as non-cash charges related
to stock-based compensation, the change in the fair value of the derivative liabilities, gains and losses on extinguishment and settlement
of debt and the amortization of discounts related to our debt instruments. 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities
was (33,257) for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 20,941 in the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash provided by (used in)
investing activities for 2022 and 2021, related to fixed asset additions in 2022 compared to cash paid for acquisitions of 21,825 and
cash received in acquisitions of companies of 48,789 as well as acquisitions of fixed assets of 6,023 in 2021. 

Net cash provided by financing activities for the
year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of proceeds from the issuance of notes of 1,667,975. The Company repaid 388,945 in notes payable
during the year ended December 31, 2022. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of proceeds
from the issuance of common stock and warrants of 494,545 and convertible notes of 1,715,000, along with proceeds received from related
party notes of 2,986,125 and 50,331 in proceeds from issuance of long-term debt. The Company repaid 1,292,397 in related party notes,
 515,615 in convertible notes and 214,242 in long-term debt during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Outstanding Indebtedness 

On January 5, 2023, the Company entered into a 11 
OID Senior Secured Promissory Note with Evergreen Capital Management, LLC Evergreen in the amount of 480,000 (includes
 80,000 of Original Issue Discount). Evergreen has a maturity of twelve months to December 30, 2023. It accrues interest at a rate of
10 per year. The conversion price Subject to the adjustments described herein, the conversion price (the Conversion Price shall be equal the lesser of 0.015 or 90 of average of the two lowest VWAPs for the five consecutive trading days ending on the trading
day that is immediately preceding the delivery of a notice of conversion. 

On January 5, 2023, the Company, consummated the transactions
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement among TraQiQ Environmental, Inc. REI and BioHiTech America, LLC BHT 
and, together with REI, the Renovare Sellers and the Company, pursuant to which the Renovare Sellers sold and assigned
to the Company, and the Company purchased and assumed from the Renovare Sellers, (a) certain assets related to the business of (i) offering
aerobic digestion technology solutions for the disposal of food waste at the point of generation and (ii) data analytics with respect
to food waste (collectively, the Digester Business and (b) certain specified liabilities of the Renovare Sellers, including,
but not limited to, indebtedness in an amount equal to 3,017,090 (the Michaelson Debt owed to Michaelson Capital Special
Finance Fund II, L.P. Michaelson ). 

On January 4, 2023, the Company borrowed cash in exchange
for a 20 OID Senior Secured Promissory Note dated January 4, 2023 in the original principal amount of 180,000 (the OID Note ).
The OID Note matures on January 4, 2024, bears interest at the rate of ten percent (10 per annum and has no prepayment penalty. In the
event of a default by the Company under the OID Note, the outstanding principal and interest will be convertible by the holder into Common
Stock at a conversion price equal to the lower of (i) .015 per share and (ii) an amount equal to 90 of the average of the two lowest
volume weighted average prices of the Common Stock for the five consecutive trading days prior to the conversion date. 

On October 21, 2022, the Company entered into a 20 
OID Senior Secured Promissory Note with Evergreen Capital Management, LLC (the Evergreen Note in the amount of 48,000
(includes 8,000 of Original Issue Discount). The Evergreen Note has a maturity of twelve months to July 21, 2023. It accrues interest
at a rate of 10 per year. The conversion price (the Conversion Price is 75 of the price per share at which the common
stock of the Company is sold to the public in a qualified offering. There are certain price protections, which make the conversion option
a derivative liability. 

20 

On
July 5, 2022, the Company entered into a 11 OID Senior Secured Promissory Note with GS Capital Partners LLC (the GS Capital in the amount of 144,000 (includes 14,000 of Original Issue Discount). The GS Capital note has a maturity of twelve months and accrues
interest at a rate of 12 per year. The conversion price is equal to 86 of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock
for the 12 trading days immediately preceding the delivery of a notice of conversion. In accordance with the terms of the note, the Company
issued 3,000 shares of common stock as a commitment fee. 

On
January 19, 2021, the Company issued a 12 Convertible Promissory Note to GS Capital Partners, LLC (the GS Note in the
principal amount of 125,000. The GS Note has a maturity date of one-year from issuance and is to be repaid commencing on the fifth monthly
anniversary and every month thereafter in the amount of 20,000. In the event of a payment default, the GS Note will be convertible into
common stock at a conversion price of 66 of the lowest closing stock price over the previous 20 trading days. There are certain price
protections for GS Capital Partners, LLC under the terms of the GS Note, which make the conversion option a derivative liability. The
Company recorded an original issue discount in the amount of 10,000 and 5,000 was paid out of the proceeds for legal fees. In accordance
with the terms of the GS Note, the Company issued 3,250 shares of common stock as a commitment fee and issued 21,250 shares of common
stock that are returnable upon the Company repaying the GS Note in accordance with its terms. This note was paid off in 2021. 

On
February 12, 2021, the Company issued a 10 Convertible Promissory Note to Platinum Point Capital, LLC (the Platinum Note in the principal amount of 400,000. The Platinum Note has a maturity date of one-year from issuance. The Platinum Note is convertible
into common stock a conversion price of the greater of (a) 0.08 or (b) 70 of the lowest traded stock price over the previous 15 trading
days, provided that the conversion price will not exceed 8.00. There are certain price protections for Platinum Point Capital, LLC under
the terms of the Platinum Note, which make the conversion option a derivative liability. The Company granted 25,000 warrants to purchase
shares of common stock that have a term of three-years and an exercise price of 2.00 per share with the Platinum Note. The warrants
granted with the Platinum Note also contain certain price protections that make the value of the warrants a derivative liability. The
Company and Platinum Point Capital, LLC entered into an amendment to exclude the Mimo warrants granted on February 17, 2021 from the
price protections. In accordance with the terms of the Platinum Note, the Company issued 7,500 shares of common stock as a commitment
fee. This note was repaid/ converted into shares of common stock in 2021. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet financing arrangements. 

Contractual
Obligations 

As
a smaller reporting company we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As
a smaller reporting company we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm, are set forth
starting on page F-1 of this report. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

On
April 5, 2021, the Board of Directors of TraQiQ, Inc. approved the dismissal of AJSH Co LLP AJSH as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm. The Company filed a Current Report on Form 8-K on April 6, 2021 reporting on this event
and stating that (1) the reports of AJSH on the Company s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December
31, 2020 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope
or accounting principles; (2) during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020, there were no disagreements 
(as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and related instructions) with AJSH on any matter of accounting principles or practices,
financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements if not resolved to the satisfaction of AJSH would
have caused AJSH to make reference thereto in its reports on the consolidated financial statements for such years; and (3) during the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020, there were no reportable events (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v)
of Regulation S-K). 

21 

On
April 5, 2021, the Board approved the appointment of T R Chadha Co LLP TRC as the Company s new independent
registered public accounting firm, effective immediately, to perform independent audit services for the fiscal year ending December 31,
2021. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020 neither the Company, nor anyone on its behalf, consulted
TRC regarding either (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type
of audit opinion that might be rendered with respect to the consolidated financial statements of the Company, and no written report or
oral advice was provided to the Company by TRC that was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to any
accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue; or (ii) any matter that was the subject of a disagreement (as defined
in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions) or a reportable event (as that term is defined in
Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Based
on an evaluation as of the date of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures, as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that, because of the disclosed material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial
reporting, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of the end of the period covered by this report
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the
Company s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to management, including the Company s Certifying Officers, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Based upon the evaluation of the disclosure controls and procedures at the end of the period covered by this report, our Certifying Officers
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as a result of continuing weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting principally due to the following: 

- 
 We
 have not established adequate financial reporting processes or monitoring activities to ensure adequate financial reporting and to
 mitigate the risk of management override, specifically because there are few employees and only two officers with management functions
 and therefore there is lack of segregation of duties. 

- 
 An
 outside consultant assists in the preparation of the annual and quarterly financial statements and partners with us to ensure compliance
 with US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. 

- 
 Outside
 counsel assists us to review and editing of the annual and quarterly filings and to ensure compliance with SEC disclosure requirements. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f).
Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, using
the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

22 

A
material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that
a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. As a result of management s
assessment, management has determined that there are material weaknesses due to the lack of segregation of duties and, due to the limited
resources based on the size of the Company. Due to the material weaknesses management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting was ineffective. In order to address and resolve the weaknesses, the Company will endeavor
to locate and appoint additional qualified personnel to the board of directors and pertinent officer positions as the Company s
financial means allow. To date, the Company s limited financial resources have not allowed the Company to hire the additional personnel
necessary to address the material weaknesses. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s
report in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s last fiscal
quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

The
term internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the registrant s
principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the registrant s
board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes
those policies and procedures that: 

(a) 
 Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of the registrant; 

(b) 
 Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the registrant are being made only in accordance
 with authorizations of management and directors of the registrant; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the registrant s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

On
January 1, 2023, the Company appointed Ajay Sikka, its Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President, as its Chief Financial
Officer. In addition, on January 1, 2023, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Sikka (the Sikka Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Sikka Agreement, Mr. Sikka will serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Company s
board of directors (the Board ). The Sikka Agreement provides that Mr. Sikka will serve as an employee of the Company for
a term of 36 months, unless he is earlier terminated or resigns in accordance with the terms of the Sikka Agreement. 

Mr.
Sikka will receive an annual salary of 300,000, and will be entitled to participate in an annual incentive compensation plan, pursuant
to which, if the Company has monthly average annual recenue equal to 1,750,000 during the fourth quarter of 2023, Mr. Sikka will receive
a bonus of 150,000. Mr. Sikka is also entitled to receive additional discretionary bonuses based on the achievement of certain corporate
performance goals, as may be estbalished an approved from time to time by the Company. In addiiton, Mr. Sikka is entitled to a 75,000
cash bonus, payable in equal monthly installments during the first twelve months of Mr. Sikka s employment at the Company. 

In
addition to the above cash compensation to which Mr. Sikka is entitled, upon commencement of the Sikka Agreement, Mr. Sikka received
5,930,000 shares of restricted common stock of the Company Restricted Stock ), pursuant to the Company s 2020 Equity
Incentive Compensation Plan, of which (i) 905,000 shares will vest on April 1, 2023 and the remaining 5,430,000 shares will begin to
vest over a period of three years, in six equal semi-annual installments. Mr. Sikka is also entitled to receive additional shares of
Restricted Stock as follows: 

1. In
 connection with the closing of a transaction pursuant to which the Company or any of its
 affiliates acquires at least a majority of the equity interests, or substantially all of
 the assets of another entity, Mr. Sikka shall receive: 

a. 750,000
 shares of Restricted Stock for the first acquisition 
 
 b. 750,000
 shares of Restricted Stock for the second acquisition 

2. In
 the event the value of the aggregate stock of the Company traded on the OTC QB market averages
 at least 100,000 per day in the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company shall issue to Mr. Sikka
 250,000 shares of Restricted Stock. 

3. On
 the date the stock of the Company is first listed on Nasdaq, the Company shall issue to Mr.
 Sikka 250,000 shares of Restricted Stock. 

4. Promptly
 following the calendar quarter during which the Company achieves a positive EBITDA calculation,
 the Company shall issue to Mr. Sikka 250,000 shares of Restricted Stock. 

5. In
 the event the Company raises at least 10,000,000 pursuant to a bona fide equity financing,
 the Company shall issue to Mr. Sikka 250,000 shares of Restricted Stock. 

6. For
 each purchase order the Mr. Sikka procures from new customers of the Company, pursuant to
 which such new customer commits to at least 200,000 of annual revenue of the Company, the
 Company shall issue to Mr. Sikka 100,000 shares of Restricted Stock; provided, however that
 the number of shares of Restricted Stock Mr. Sikka may be issued pursuant to this provision
 shall not exceed 500,000. 

In
the event that Mr. Sikka s employment with the Company is terminated for any reason, the Company shall pay Mr. Sikka (a) (i) his
Base Salary, pro-rated through the date of termination to the extent not yet paid to him; (ii) any unreimbursed business expenses payable
to Mr. Sikka; and (iii) any payments and benefits to which Mr. Sikka is entitled pursuant to the terms of any employee benefit or compensation
plan or program in which he participates (or participated) and (b) in the event Mr. Sikka s employment is terminated by the Company
without Cause, due to Mr. Sikka s resignation for Good Reason, or due to Mr. Sikka s Disability (as defined in the Sikka
Agreement), the Company shall also pay Mr. Sikkaan amount equal to 12 months of Mr. Sikka s salary, less all applicable withholdings
and authorized or required deductions, as salary continuation. 

The
foregoing description of the Sikka Agreement is not complete, and is qualified in its entirely by the Sikka Agreement, which is filed
as Exhibit 10.18 hereto. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

23 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance; 

The
following persons are our executive officers and directors as of March 30, 2023 and hold the positions set forth opposite their respective
names. The members of the Board of Directors serve until the next annual meeting and a successor is appointed and qualified, or until
resignation or removal. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Ajay
 Sikka 
 
 55 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and President 

Frank
 Celli 
 
 53 

Interim Executive Chairman 

James
 DuBois 
 
 58 
 
 Director 

Greg
 Rankich 
 
 48 
 
 Director 

Richard
 J. Berman 
 
 80 
 
 Director 

Business
Experience 

The
following is a brief description of the business experience of our executive officers and directors: 

Ajay
Sikka, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chairman and President 

Ajay
Sikka was appointed to our Board as its Chairman and the Board appointed him as our Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Financial
Officer on July 19, 2017. From May 2014 to 2020, Mr. Sikka served as Chief Executive Officer of OmniM2M, Inc., an IioT hardware, software
and services company. From March 2011 to the present, Mr. Sikka has also served as Chief Executive Officer of TraQiQ Solutions, Inc.
a technology provider that is focused on providing software products, services and support to enterprise customers, including Microsoft,
Staples, Accenture, and Pactera. From April 2004 to February 2011, Mr. Sikka served as Senior Director at Microsoft Corp. Microsoft a technology software company, where he worked on multiple teams, including Law Corporate affairs, Central IT, and Business Strategy.
Mr. Sikka also managed Microsoft s CloudCRM team that provided Customer Relationship Management (CRM) services within Microsoft.
From April 2000 to March 2004, Mr. Sikka served as Chief Executive Officer of IndiaHQ Solutions, Inc., a content provider (Websites,
newspapers, Yellow pages) for the South Asian community. From April 1996 to April 2000, Mr. Sikka served as Group Manager at Microsoft
where he drove Microsoft s internet business and content management initiatives with telecommunications and Internet service providers.
Mr. Sikka is an active angel investor and board of director member for startup companies and new ventures in the Seattle area. 

Mr.
Sikka has extensive software development and sales experience His service as a board member of other small companies provides him with
insight into the issues facing other small companies, which are valuable to the Company. 

24 

Frank
E. Celli, Interim Executive Chairman 

Mr.
Celli has been in the waste and recycling industry for 35 years. Over the course of his career, he has been an owner and CEO of multiple
solid waste companies, with experience in numerous facets of the industry, including waste collection, transfer station operations, landfill
operations and recycling operations. Frank was co-founder and CEO of Interstate Waste Services from 2000 to 2006. Since May 2022, Mr.
Celli has served as Managing Member of FC Advisory a management consulting company, and, since 2020, Mr. Celli has served as a consultant
and strategic corporate advisor at Direct Waste Services, Inc., a solid waste collection and recycling company, positions that Mr. Celli
continues to hold. From August 2015 until November 5, 2020, Mr. Celli served as Chief Executive Officer and from August 2015 until March
18, 2022, Mr. Celli served as Chairman of the Board, of BioHitech Global, Inc. (NASDAQ: BHTG), a waste reduction and technology company
that was rebranded to Renovare Environmental, Inc. (NASDAQ:RENO) in December 2021. Over the course of his career, Mr. Celli has completed
over 50 acquisitions and spearheaded multiple exits. Mr. Celli has a Bachelor of Science degree from Pace University Lubin School of
Business. 

James
DuBois, Director 

James
DuBois is a member of our Board and was appointed to our Board on February 2, 2018. Since May 2016, Mr. Dubois, has served as Global
IT Advisor and Board Member at Expeditors International, a global logistics company. Mr. Dubois has guided IT and business transformation,
corporate governance, customer-focused strategic product/services development, security, and risk management. While at Microsoft, as
CIO and Chief Information Security Officer from 2014 to 2017, Mr. DuBois was involved with directing IT modernization through corporate
growth, turnaround, acquisitions integrations and divestitures. 

Mr.
DuBois has extensive experience in global IT operations as well as corporate governance matters, which assists TraQiQ in formulating
and executing its growth strategy. 

Greg
Rankich, Director 

Greg
Rankich has been a member of our Board since May 11, 2019. Since May 2018, Mr. Rankich has been co-founder and partner at Better U Today,
a program designed to help people achieve their ideal weight through food, education and lifestyle changes. Since January 2017, Mr. Rankich
has also served as the managing partner of Kirkland REI, LLC a private real estate investment and management firm that focuses on four
primary asset classes: Single Residential Properties, Multi-Family Properties, Commercial Properties and Land Acquisition. Since July
2013, Mr. Rankich has served as an Advisory Board Member of Ro Health, a rapidly growing medical staffing and home health agency that
supplies clients and patients with healthcare providers . From July 2005 to May 2018, Mr. Rankich served as the Chief Executive Officer
of Xtreme Consulting Group, Inc. Xtreme an 80 million in revenue international services firm focused on improving business
performance. Prior to founding Xtreme, Mr. Rankich held many roles within Microsoft Corporation. In 2010, Mr. Rankich was a finalist
for Ernst Young Entrepreneur of the Year award. He is an active member of company boards and advisory panels and
is also involved in numerous charities and non-profits in the northwest. Mr. Rankich graduated with a B.A. in International Business
and a M.B.A. from Washington State University. 

Richard
Berman, Director 

Richard Berman s business career spans over
35 years of venture capital, senior management, and merger acquisitions experience. In the past five years, Berman has served as
a director of many public and private companies. Currently, he is a director of five public compani s Cryoport Inc. Cryptoport ),
a cold chain logistics company, Comsovereign Holding Corp., a U.S.-based developer of 4G LTE advanced and 5G communication systems, BioVie
Inc., a clinical-stage drug development company, Advaxis Inc. Advaxis ), a clinical-stage biotechnology company, and Cuentas,
Inc., a provider of mobile banking and payment solutions serving Latino and Hispanic consumers. Over the last decade he has served on
the board of five companies that have reached over one billion in market capitalizati n Cryoport, Advaxis, EXIDE, Internet Commerce
Corporation, and Ontrak (Catasys). Previously, Berman worked at Goldman Sachs; was Senior Vice President of Bankers Trust Company, where
he started the M A and Leveraged Buyout Departments. Subsequently, he created the largest battery company in the world in the 1980 s,
by merging Prestolite, General Battery and Exide to form Exide Technologies (XIDE); helped create SoHo, NYC by developing five buildings.
He advised on over 4 billion M A transactions, completing over 300 deals. Berman is a past director of the Stern School of Business
of NYU where he obtained his B.S. and M.B.A. degrees. He also has U.S. and foreign law degrees from Boston College and the Hague Academy
of International Law, respectively. 

Mr.
Berman provides the board with insights from his extensive experience in the purchase, sale and financing of businesses, his experience
in financial and operational issues affecting organizations, and his knowledge of legal issues relevant to TraQiQ s operations. 

25 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Corporate
Governance 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

TraQiQ
has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct to document the ethical principles and conduct we expect from our employees, officers
and directors. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is applicable to our employees and also includes a Code of Ethics for our chief
executive and principal financial officers and any persons performing similar functions. A copy of our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
is available in the Investors section of our corporate website (https://RecoupEnv.com/). We will provide a copy of the Code of Ethics
to any person without charge, upon request to TraQiQ, Inc., 14205 S.E. 36 th St., Suite 100, Bellevue, WA 98006, Attention:
Ajay Sikka, CEO. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Company has an audit committee consists of James DuBois and Richard Berman
(the Audit Committee ). Mr. Berman serves as Audit Committee chair. The Audit Committee s primary responsibility is
to engage our independent auditors and otherwise to monitor and oversee the audit process. The Audit Committee also undertakes other related
responsibilities as detailed in the Audit Committee Charter, including monitoring our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure
controls and procedures and code of business conduct and ethics, discussing our risk management policies and reviewing and approving or
ratifying any related person transactions. A copy of our Audit Committee Charter is available in the Investors section of our website
(https://RecoupEnv.com/. ). 

26 

In
addition to determining that the members of the Audit Committee are independent directors under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and
the Nasdaq listing standards, the board of directors has also determined that Richard Berman is an Audit Committee financial expert 
as defined in rules adopted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Each of the members of the Audit Committee is an independent director
within the meaning of the Nasdaq Stock Market rules. Mr. Berman serves as chair of the Audit Committee. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Company has a compensation committee consists of James DuBois and Greg
Rankich. (the Compensation Committee ). Mr. Rankich serves as Compensation Committee chair. The Compensation Committee undertakes
responsibilities as detailed in the Compensation Committee Charter, a copy of which is available in the Investors section of our website
(https://recoupenv.com/). 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The company has a nominating and corporate governance
committee consists of James DuBois and Richard Berman (the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee ). Mr. DuBois serves
as Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee chair. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee undertakes responsibilities
as detailed in the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, a copy of which is available in the Investors section of our
website (https://recoupenv.com/board-of-directo rs/ ). 

Nominations
for Directors 

During
2022, there were no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Company s board
of directors. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Summary
Executive Compensation Table 

The
following table shows, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, compensation awarded to or paid to, or earned by, our Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer and the next three most highly paid executive officers (the Named Executive Officers ). 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name 
 and 
 principal 
 position 
 (a) 
 
 Year 
 (b) 

Salary 
 ) 
 (c) 

Bonus 
 ) 
 (d) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 (e) 

Option 
 Awards
 (1) 
 ) 
 (f) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 (g) 

Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 
 (h) 

All
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 (i) 

Total
 ) 
 (j) 

Ajay
 Sikka, 

2021 

180,000 

- 

1,078,560 

- 

- 

- 

- 

1,258,560 

CEO,
 CFO (1/1/21-9/30/21 10/3/22-present) and Director 

2022 

157,500 

- 

47,188 

- 

- 

- 

- 

204,688 

Michael
 Pollack, 

2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

39,025 

39,025 

Interim
 CFO (1/1/21-10/3/22) (2) 

2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

60,875 

60,875 

(1) 
 The
 fair value of each option awarded is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The expected volatility
 is based on the Company s stock having just commenced trading on the grant date. The risk-free interest rate for periods within
 the life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. In calculating the fair value of
 the Company s options on the date of grant during the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company assumed a risk-free interest
 rate of 0.58 , an expected dividend yield of 0 , an expected life of 2 years and an expected volatility of 100 . 
 
 (2) 
 Mr.
 Pollack is a contracted consultant and is paid through his company KBL, LLP. Amounts represent payments to KBL, LLP for the period
 September 2021 through December 2021. 

27 

Employment
Agreement 

In
2022 and 2021, Mr. Sikka received a salary of 157,500 and 180,000, respectively. In October 2020, the Company entered into an employment
agreement with Mr. Sikka. The agreement has a five year term, subject to earlier termination. Under the agreement, he receives an annual
salary of 180,000 and was issued options in connection with his service as chief executive officer to purchase up to 187,500 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of 0.44 per share. Of these, 156,250 shares are to vest based on performance over five years with
milestones. The remaining 31,250 options have service-based vesting over four years. Mr. Sikka also received options on October 19, 2020
for 31,250 shares of common stock in connection with his service on the Company s board of directors at an exercise price of 0.44
per share, which vest over one year from grant. 

Grants
of Plan-Based Awards Table 

On
October 9, 2020, the Board of Directors approved the TraQiQ, Inc. Equity Compensation Plan which was adopted on October 11, 2020. Under
this plan our named executive officers received grants of 0 and 218,750 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

There were no equity awards outstanding for any of
our named executive officers as of the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Director
Compensation 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, directors of the Company received no salary compensation for their service on the Company s board
of directors. Directors were entitled to option awards as compensation for their service. 

In
the table below, we have set forth information regarding compensation for 2022 received by each of our directors who is not an officer
of the Company. The dollar amounts in the table below for option awards are the grant date fair market values associated with such awards. 

2022
 Director Compensation Table 

Fees Earned or 
 Stock 
 Option 
 All Other 

Name 
 Paid in Cash 
 Awards 
 Awards (1) 
 Compensation 
 Total 

James DuBois 
 
 47,188 

47,188 
 
 Greg Rankich 
 
 47,188 

47,188 
 
 Richard Berman 
 
 47,188 

47,188 

(1) 
 The
 Company granted in January 2021 (12,500 shares) and April 2021 (31,250 shares) restricted common stock that vest over a three-year
 period. These grants are service-based grants and are being expensed in accordance with ASC 718 ratably over the three-year period. 

28 

Directors 
and Officers Liability Insurance 

The
Company maintains directors and officers liability insurance insuring its directors and officers against liability for
acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or officers, subject to certain exclusions. Such insurance also insures the Company
against losses which we may incur in indemnifying our officers and directors. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

The
members of the Compensation Committee are James DuBois, Richard Berman and Greg Rankich, each of whom is an independent director within
the meaning of the Nasdaq Stock Market rules. No member of the Compensation Committee is or was formerly an officer or an employee of
the Company. No executive officer of the Company serves as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity
that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of the Company s board of directors or compensation committee, nor
has such an interlocking relationship existed in the past. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following tables set forth certain information regarding the ownership of our common stock as of March 30, 2023, by: 

each
 director; 

each
 person known by us to own beneficially 5 or more of our Common Stock; 

each
 officer named in the summary compensation table elsewhere in this Current Report on Form 8-K; and 

all
 directors and executive officers as a group. 

As
of March 30, 2023, there were 39,939,965 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. The following table shows, as of that date,
the number of shares and the percentage of our common stock held by each person known to us to own beneficially more than five percent
of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock, by each of our executive officers and directors, and by our executive officers
and directors as a group. Unless otherwise specified, the address of each person listed is: 14205 SE 36th Street, Suite 100, Bellevue,
WA 98006. 

The
amounts and percentages of common stock be ne ficially owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the SEC governing the
determination of beneficial ownership of securities. Under the rules of the SEC, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner 
of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such
security, or investment power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A
person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within
60 days. Under these rules more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed to
be a beneficial owner of securities as to which such person has no economic interest. The percentages of common stock beneficially owned
are calculated on the basis of 39,939,965 total shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 30, 2023. 

Unless
otherwise indicated below, to the best of our knowledge each beneficial owner named in the table has sole voting and sole investment
power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. 

29 

Common
 Stock 

Current
 directors and executive officers 
 
 Amount
 and 
 Nature of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership 

Percent
 of 
 Class 

Ajay
 Sikka 

11,992,951 
 (1) 

35.34 

James
 DuBois 

55,654 

Greg
 Rankich 

233,750 

Richard
 Berman 

63,750 

All
 Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (4 persons) 

12,346,105 

36.38 

5 
 Beneficial Owners 

Renovare Environmental, Inc. (2) 

14,118,233 

41.60 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Consists
 of 11,765,605 shares owned individually, 227,346 shares owned by his spouse and 0 shares represented by stock options exercisable
 currently or within 60 days of March 30, 2023. 
 
 (2) 
 The
 address of Renovare Environmental, Inc. is 80 Red Schoolhouse Road, Suite 101, Chestnut Ridge,
 NY 10977 . 

Changes
in Control 

Except
for matters described in this Annual Report regarding the Share Exchange Agreement, we are unaware of any contract or other arrangement
or provisions of our Articles or Bylaws the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of us. There are
not any provisions in our Articles or Bylaws, the operation of which would delay, defer, or prevent a change in control of the Company. 

30 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table gives information about our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights under our
2020 Equity Compensation Plan as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan
 category 
 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average
 exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 

-

-

-

Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

- 

- 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions 

The
following includes a summary of transactions during our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 to which we have been
a party in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end
for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or, to our knowledge, beneficial owners
of more than 5 of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest, other than equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and other arrangements, which
are described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are not otherwise a party to a current related party transaction, and
no transaction is currently proposed, in which the amount of the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our
total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which a related person had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest. 

On
multiple occasions, from 2017 thru 2022, Ajay Sikka, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman advanced us
amounts totaling 2,908,562. These advances were recorded as an unsecured loan accruing interest at a rate of 15 annually. On
December 31, 2022, the entirety of Mr. Sikka s loan was converted to common stock, and a balance of 7,000 remains
outstanding. 

On
September 13, 2018, Kunaal Sikka, the son of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman advanced us 15,000, maturing
on December 31, 2019. The loan was unsecured and accrued interest at a rate of 12 annually. The note went into default on December 31,
2019, at which time the interest rate became 18 annually in accordance with its terms. On June 25, 2021, the maturity date of the loan
was extended to December 31, 2022, and the interest rate was amended to accrue at a rate of 6 annually. On December, 31, 2022, the loan
was paid back in full and is no longer outstanding. 

On
December 15, 2021, Kunaal Sikka advanced us 250,000, maturing on December 31, 2022. The loan was unsecured and accrued interest at a
rate of 15 annually. On December 31, 2022, the loan was paid back in full and is no longer outstanding. 

On
January 3, 2017 and February 1, 2017, Swarn Singh, the father-in-law of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman
advanced us 25,000 and 20,000, respectively, each maturing on December 31, 2019. The loans were unsecured and accrued interest at a
rate of 15 annually. The notes went into default on December 31, 2019, at which time the interest rate of each became 21 annually in
accordance with their terms. On December 31, 2022, both loans were paid back in full and are no longer outstanding. 

On
December 15, 2021, Swarn Singh advanced us 150,000, maturing on December 31, 2022. The loan was unsecured and accrued interest at a
rate of 15 annually. On December 31, 2022, the loan was paid back in full and is no longer outstanding. 

On
June 15, 2021, Greg Rankich, one of our directors, advanced to us 400,000, maturing on December 21, 2021. In exchange for the loan,
Mr. Rankich received 37,500 shares of our common stock. On January 5, 2023, Evergreen assumed Mr. Rankich s loan in the form
of an 11 OID 480,000 note that matures on January 5, 2024. 

Policy
on Future Related Party Transactions 

The
Company requires that any related party transactions be approved by a majority of the Company s independent directors. 

Board
Independence 

Our
board of directors currently consists of 4 members. Of these, our board has determined that James DuBois, Richard Berman and Gregory
Rankich qualify as independent directors under the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC and do not have any
material relationships with TraQiQ that might interfere with their exercise of independent judgment. In making such a determination,
our board has reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s business and personal
activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. In addition, TraQiQ is a Controlled Company as
defined in the Nasdaq listing standards because more than 50 of the company s voting power is held by one individual. The company
is, therefore, pursuant to Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5615(c)(2), exempt from certain aspects of Nasdaq s listing standards relating
to independent directors. Nevertheless, the company has voluntarily complied with some of such rules, and a majority of the members of
the board of directors are independent directors under Nasdaq rules. 

31 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
aggregate fees incurred for each of the last two years for professional services rendered by T R Chadha Co LLP TRC in 2022 and 2021, the independent registered public accounting firms for the audits of the Company s annual financial statements
included in the Company s Form 10-K and reviews of financial statements for its quarterly reports (Form 10-Q) are reported below.
See Item 9A for further information on the change in the independent registered public accounting firms that took place on April 5, 2021: 

Audit Fees 
 Audit Related Fees 
 Tax Fees 
 All Other Fees 
 Total 
 
 TRC 

2022 
 36,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 36,000 
 
 2021 
 31,300 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 31,300 

Audit
Fees 

The
aggregate fees incurred by the Company s principal accountant for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements,
review of financial statements included in the quarterly reports and other fees that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Audit
Related Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed for professional services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s
financial statements but are not reported Audit Fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

All
Other Fees 

Other
fees billed for products or services provided by the Company s principal accountant during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

Financial
Statements 

The
financial statements filed as a part of this report are set forth beginning on page F-1. 

Financial
Statement Schedules 

No
financial statement schedules are required to be filed with this report. 

32 

Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as a part of this report: 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 Period Ending 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 

S-1 

3.1 
 
 3/7/2011 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, as amended 

10-K 

3.1 
 
 3/22/2021 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws 

S-1 

3.2 
 
 3/7/2011 

4.1 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement and Note, dated July 19, 2017 between the Company and Donald P. Hateley 

8-K/A 

4.1(a) 
 
 8/24/2017 

4.2 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement and Note, dated July 19, 2017 between the Company and Alena Borisova 

8-K/A 

4.1(b) 
 
 8/24/2017 

4.3 
 
 Description of Capital Stock 

10-K 

3/22/2021 

4.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Senior Secured Term Note, dated as of December 30, 2022, issued by TraQiQ, Inc. to Michaelson Capital Special Finance Fund II, L.P. 

8-K 

4.1 
 
 1/06/2023 

4.2 
 
 Certificate of Determination for Series A Preferred 

8-K/A 

4.2(a) 
 
 8/3/2017 

4.3 
 
 20 OID Senior Secured Promissory Note, dated as of January 4, 2023, issued by TraQiQ, Inc. to Evergreen Capital Management LLC 

8-K 

4.2 
 
 1/6/2023 

10.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated July 19, 2017, fully executed on August 3, 2017 

8-K/A 

10.1 
 
 8/24/2017 

10.2 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2022, by and among TraQiQ, Inc., Renovare Environmental, Inc. and BioHiTech America, LLC 

8-K 

10.1 
 
 1/6/2023 

10.3+ 
 
 TraQiQ, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 

10-K 

3/22/2021 

10.4 
 
 Assignment of Stock, dated as of December 31, 2022, by and among TraQiQ, Inc., Mimo Technologies Private Ltd. and Lathika Regunathan 

8-K 

10.2 
 
 1/6/2023 

10.5+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated October 19, 2020 between TraQiQ, Inc. and Ajay Sikka. 

S-1 

10.3 
 
 10/5/2021 

10.6 
 
 Assignment of Stock , dated as of December 31, 2022, by and among TraQiQ, Inc., TraQiQ Solutions Private Ltd. and Lathika Regunathan 

8-K 

10.3 
 
 1/6/2023 

33 

10.7 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement and Note, dated June 15, 2021 between the Company and Greg Rankich. 

8-K 

10.1
 10.2 
 
 6/16/2021 

10.8 
 
 Assignment of Units, dated as of December 31, 2022, by and among TraQiQ, Inc., Rohuma LLC and Happy Kompany LLC represented by Sandeep Soni 

8-K

10.4

1/6/2023 

10.9 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated January 22, 2021, between TraQiQ, Inc. and Rohuma, LLC. 

8-K/A 

10.1 
 
 1/26/2021 

10.10

Security Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2022, between TraQiQ, Inc. and Michaelson Capital Special Finance Fund II, L.P. 

8-K

10.5

1/6/2023

10.11 
 
 Exchange Agreement dated February 17, 2021, between TraQiQ, Inc. and Mimo-Technologies Pvt. Ltd. 

8-K 

10.1 
 
 2/17/2021 

10.12 
 
 12 Convertible Promissory Note dated January 19, 2021 to GS Capital Partners, LLC. 12 Convertible Promissory Note dated January 19, 2021 to GS Capital Partners, LLC. 

S-1 

10.7 
 
 10/5/2021 

10.13 
 
 10 Convertible Promissory Note dated February 12, 2021 to Platinum Point Capital, LLC. 

S-1 

10.8 
 
 10/5/2021 

10.14 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 17, 2021. 

8-K 

10.1 
 
 9/20/2021 

10.15 
 
 20 Convertible Promissory Note dated September 17, 2021 to Evergreen Capital Management, LLC. 

8-K 

10.2 
 
 9/20/2021 

10.16 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated September 17, 2021. 

8-K 

10.3 
 
 9/20/2021 

10.17 
 
 Security Agreement dated September 17, 2021. 

8-K 

10.4 
 
 9/20/2021 

10.18+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2023 between TraQiQ, Inc. and Ajay Sikka. 
 
 X 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 X

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act 
 
 X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 X 

101.SCH

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 X 

101.CAL

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.DEF

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.LAB

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.PRE

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 X 

+
Management contract or compensatory plan. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

34 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

TraQiQ,
 Inc. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Ajay Sikka 

Name:
 
 Ajay
 Sikka 

Title:
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

35 

Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm 2022 and 2021 (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Shareholders of TraQiQ Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of TraQiQ, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit
and cash flows, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Uncertainty 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a accumulated deficit of 17,522,786
and working capital deficit of 1,616,199, that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans including recent acquisition, conversion of debt into equity are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of financial statement. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Going
concern- refer to note 2 of the financial statements 

Critical
 audit matter description 
 
 The
Company raised a substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. The
financial statements for the year under audit have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates
the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. See the explanatory paragraph of the opinion
paragraph. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter was addressed in the Audit 

We
 evaluated whether there is substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period
 of time. 

Reviewed
 the agreement executed for new business acquisition in exchange of stock in subsequent period, reviewed agreement for conversion
 of various debt into equity. 

We
 obtained information about management s plans that are intended to mitigate the effect of such conditions or events, and assess
 the likelihood that such plans can be effectively implemented. 

Reviewed
 the carrying value of asset. 

Inquiry
 to entity s legal counsel about litigation, claims and assessment 

We
 added explanatory paragraph to the audit report as required by auditing standard. 

Disposal
of Subsidiaries - refer to note 3 of the financial statements 

Critical
 audit matter description 
 
 The
Company has disposed off four of its subsidiaries including one stepdown subsidiary during the year ended December 31, 2022 at consideration
of 1 per subsidiary and accordingly retrospectively recast, its consolidated statements of operations and balance sheet for previous
year presented. The company has not segregated the cash flow statement. While ascertaining operation related to discontinued operation
Management has made certain assumption and applied judgement to determine historical numbers related to discontinued operation presented
in prior period. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter was 

Reviewed
 and recomputed loss on disposal of subsidiaries. 
 
 addressed in the Audit 

Reviewed
 and verified derecognition of assets, liabilities and transactions pertaining to disposal of these subsidiaries. 

Reviewed
 Management assumption and judgement for determining historical numbers related to discontinued business. 

We
 obtained information about management s plans to ascertain the impact on going concern. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since April, 2021 

March
30, 2023 

F- 2 

TRAQIQ,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

 IN
US 

DECEMBER
 31, 
 DECEMBER
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts
 receivable, net 
 - 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other current assets discontinued operations 
 - 

Total
 Current Assets 

Other
 assets discontinued operations 
 - 

Total
 Non-current Assets 
 - 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

LIABILITIES 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued
 payroll and related taxes 
 
 - 
 
 Derivative
 liability 

Contingent
 consideration - Rohuma 
 - 

Contingent
 consideration - Mimo 
 - 

Current
 portion - long-term debt - related parties 

Current
 portion - long-term debt 

Current
 portion - convertible notes payable, net of discounts 

Current
 liabilities discontinued operations 
 - 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Long-term debt, net of current
 portion 
 - 

Long-term
 liabilities discontinued operations 
 - 

Total
 Non-current Liabilities 
 - 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies
 (Note 18) 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Convertible preferred stock, par value , shares authorized: 

Preferred stock, par value, , Series A Convertible Preferred, shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred
 stock, par value, , Series B Convertible Preferred, 
 and 
 shares
 issued and outstanding, respectively 
 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock, par value, , shares
 authorized, and 
 issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional
 paid in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive income 
 - 

Total
 Stockholders Deficit before Non-controlling Interest 

Non-controlling
 interest 
 - 

Total
 Stockholders Deficit 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

TRAQIQ,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 IN
US 

2022 
 2021 

YEARS ENDED 

DECEMBER 31, 

2022 
 2021 

REVENUE 
 
 - 
 
 COST OF REVENUES 
 
 - 
 
 GROSS LOSS 
 
 - 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Salaries and salary related costs 

Professional fees 

Rent expense 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

General and administrative expenses 

Total Operating Expenses 

OPERATING LOSS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Derivative expense 
 - 

Gain on debt extinguishment 
 - 

Gain (loss) on settlement of debt, net 

PPP forgiveness and other income 
 - 

Interest expense, net of interest income 

Total other expense 

NET LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS, BEFORE PROVOISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 NET LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

NET LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS, AFTER TAXES (INCLUDING LOSS ON DISPOSAL
OF SUBSIDIARIES OF 

NET LOSS 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO PRIOR NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST 
 - 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO CONTROLLING INTEREST 

Other comprehensive loss 

Foreign currency translations adjustment 
 - 

Comprehensive loss 

Basic and diluted loss from continuing operations per share 

Basic and diluted loss from discontinued operations per share 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

TRAQIQ,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE Years ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 IN
US 

Shares 
 Amount 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Common 
 Deficit 
 Receivable 
 Income
 (Loss) 
 Interest 
 Total 

Additional 

Accumulated 

Series
 A Preferred 

Series
 B Preferred 
 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-In Capital
 - 
 Accumulated 
 Subscription 
 Other Comprehensive 
 Non-controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 

Shares 

Amount 
 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Common 
 Deficit 
 Receivable 
 Income
 (Loss) 
 Interest 
 Total 

Balance January 1, 2021 

- 

- 

- 
 
 - 

Shares of stock issued for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares of stock issued for conversion of notes payable and accrued interest 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares of stock issued for services rendered 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares of stock issued for acquisition of Rohuma (first tranche) 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares of stock issued for providing note payable 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock to Common Stock 

- 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued for exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation on granting of options 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation - warrants granted for consulting 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation for restricted stock grants (shares not issued) 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Warrants earned for acquisition of Mimo 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance - December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Additional 

Accumulated 

Series
 A Preferred 
 
 Series
 B Preferred 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-In
 Capital - 
 Accumulated 
 Subscription 
 Other
 Comprehensive 
 Non-controlling 

Shares 

Amount 
 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Common 
 Deficit 
 Receivable 
 Income
 (Loss) 
 Interest 
 Total 

Balance January 1, 2022 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

- 

Fractional share adjustment 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation on
 granting of options 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation for
 restricted stock grants (shares not issued) 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Warrants earned for acquisition
 of Mimo 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares of stock issued in warrant
 exercises 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares of stock issued for
 acquisition of Rohuma (second tranche) 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares of stock issued with
 convertible debt 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares of stock issued upon exercise of stock options 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares of stock issued upon
 exercise of restricted stock grants 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares of stock issued upon
 conversion of debt 

- 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Cancelled warrants 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Deconsolidation of subsidiaries 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss for the period 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - December 31,
 2022 

- 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 

Balance 

- 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

TRAQIQ,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 IN
US 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOW FROM OPERTING ACTIVIITES 

Net loss attributable to controlling interest 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Change in non-controlling interest 

Bad debt expense 

Forgiveness of debt 

Depreciation and amortization 

Lease cost, net of repayment 

Foreign currency (gain) loss 

Stock-based compensation 

Common stock issued with convertible debt 

Change in fair value of derivative liability and derivative expense 

Gain on extinguishment of derivative liability 
 - 

Loss on settlement of debt 
 - 

Amortization of discounts on debt 

Gain on sale of property plant and equipment 

Loss on disposal of subsidiaries 
 
 - 
 
 Fees paid in debt financing 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and deferred taxes 

Accrued payroll and payroll taxes 

Accrued duties and taxes 

Total adjustments 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITES 

Cash received in acquisition of Mimo 
 - 

Cash received in acquisition of Rohuma 
 - 

Acquisition of Mimo 
 - 

Acquisition of fixed assets 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITES 

Increase in cash overdraft 

Proceeds from the issuance of common stock 
 - 

Proceeds from the exercise of warrants 
 - 

Proceeds from convertible notes 

Repayment of convertible notes 

Proceeds from long-term debt - related parties 

Repayment of long-term debt - related parties 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

Repayments of long-term debt 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH - BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH - END OF YEAR 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH - END OF YEAR 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH - END OF YEAR INCLUDED IN DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 - 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH - END OF YEAR 

CASH PAID DURING THE PERIOD FOR: 

Interest expense 

Income taxes 

SUMMARY OF NON-CASH ACTIVITIES: 

Acquisition of Rohuma: 

Accounts receivable 
 - 

Prepaid and other current assets 
 - 

Fixed assets 
 - 

Investment 
 - 

Intellectual property 

Tradenames 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 - 

Accrued duties and taxes 
 - 

Accrued payroll and related taxes 

Long-term debt - related parties 
 - 

Long-term debt 
 - 

Cash overdraft 
 - 

Comprehensive income 

- 

Cash 
 - 

Total net assets acquired 
 - 

Consideration per Share Exchange Agreement 
 - 

Goodwill/(Bargain Purchase Gain) 
 - 

Acquisition of Mimo Technologies: 

Acquisition 

Accounts receivable 
 - 

Prepaid and other current assets 
 - 

Fixed assets 
 - 

Intellectual property 
 - 

Tradenames 
 - 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 - 

Accrued payroll and related taxes 
 - 

Accrued duties and taxes 
 - 

Long-term debt - related parties 
 - 

Long-term debt 
 - 

Comprehensive income 
 - 

Cash 
 - 

Total net assets acquired 

Consideration per Share Exchange Agreement 
 - 

Goodwill/(Bargain Purchase Gain) 
 - 

Right of use asset for lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion of debt and extinguishment of derivative liabilities upon conversion of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for conversion of long-term debt, related and unrelated parties 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

TRAQIQ
, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

ownership
in OmniM2M and Ci2i in exchange for shares of the Company s common stock, respectively. The OmniM2M Shareholders and
the Ci2i Shareholders have each been issued their respective shares on a pro rata basis based on their respective holdings
in OmniM2M and Ci2i in the Share Exchange Agreement. The Share Exchange was accounted for as a reverse merger whereas Ci2i is considered
the accounting acquirer and TraQiQ,Inc. is considered the accounting acquiree. For accounting purposes, the acquisition of Omni is recorded
at historical cost in accordance with Accounting Standard Codification ASC 805-50-25-2 as this is considered an acquisition
of entities under common control as the management of the Company and Omni control the activities of the respective companies. Prior
to the merger with Ci2i and acquisition of Omni, the Company was considered a shell company under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. On
December 1, 2017, The Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement with Ajay Sikka Sikka ),
the sole shareholder of Transport IQ, Inc. whereby Sikka agreed to sell all of the shares in TransportIQ, Inc. TransportIQ in exchange for , in the form of cancellation of all of the debt of TransportIQ that is owed to the Company. The transaction became
effective upon the execution of the Share Exchange Agreement by Sikka and the Company; and Transport IQ, Inc, is now a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company. Because TransportIQ was commonly controlled and owned, the transaction was recorded at the historical carrying value
of TransportIQ s assets and liabilities. 

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority on March 18, 2022, approved a of the Company s common shares.
The reverse split was effective on March 21, 2022. The common shares and common share equivalents as well as the per-share amounts have
been retroactively restated in accordance with ASC 855-10-25 and the loss per share figures have been retroactively restated in accordance
with ASC 260-10-55-12. 

Overview
of the Company 

With
operations concentrated in India, Southeast Asia and Latin America, the Company helps businesses in emerging markets leverage the gig 
or task economy by providing both technology solutions and a network of workers required to fulfill those tasks. The Company provides
software as a service that enables clients to build and manage a network of contract task workers. This platform can also be used by
business clients to manage their employees who are performing services, such as PC repair or food delivery. In addition, with the recent
acquisition of Mimo Technologies Private Limited Mimo ), Mimo operates a network of over 14,000 task workers in India who
make deliveries, collect payments, do background verifications, and fulfill tasks across the supply chain, as needed by business clients
to deliver their products and services to their respective markets and customers. 

TraQSuite
is a cloud based software platform with a revenue model based on initial and transaction-based licensing fees as well as consulting fees.
Licensees pay an initial per-module fee that varies depending on the number of modules that are licensed. This fee is typically 
per module. Customers are also billed on a per-user or per-transaction basis every month. User fees range from a per month fee for
the administrator to per month for regular users. Transaction fees averages about per transaction, with discounts for higher volumes.
Most customers also pay initial consulting fees upfront for integration of TraQSuite with their legacy software and training of their
employees in the use of TraQSuite. 

The
Company s TraQSuite software platform powers the last mile distribution network, allowing business users to target customers, facilitate
and validate transactions, track and manage task workers, manage funds and run a distribution network. Key features of the TraQSuite
software include: 

Last
 Mile delivery : TraQSuite s Last-Mile software module enables a business to manage thousands of task workers across
 multiple geographies to deliver products and services to the users. The software platform, operating through mobile apps, allows
 for data sharing, delivery validation, geo-tagging and know-your-customer (KYC) requirements and can even measure customer satisfaction. 

Transact :
 TraQSuite enables task workers to facilitate transactions by meeting the end customers. They can collect payments via credit
 cards, smart-phone swipes, SMS messages or cash. Both banked and unbanked users can buy products and services and pay with their
 mobile devices. 

Target :
 TraQSuite enables customer transactions to be rewarded with loyalty credits, tokens or points that can be redeemed by the customer
 for free products, discounts and benefits. The software analyzes these transactions and purchase behaviors by using leading AI models
 and can deliver real time, automated and targeted offers and recommendations for additional purchases and customer retention. 

The
Mimo delivery and task service in India runs on the TraQSuite platform and performs deliveries and fulfills tasks for some of the largest
businesses in India. Mimo provides delivery and pickup services for the banking and insurance industry, performing verifications, field
investigations for loan requests, business verification, employment verification, collection of documents and customer data and assistance
in filling out forms for banks. Mimo works with microfinance institutions to collect cash, such as loan payments, convert cash to digital
forms such as debit cards, and conduct data collection and surveys. For consumer goods companies, Mimo does promotional marketing, last
mile (hyper-local) delivery, merchant onboarding or activation, store audits, and route optimization for delivery. 

The
Company s strategy is to grow the business through a combination of organic growth and strategic investments that bring new functionality
and revenue streams to the Company. The plan is to enhance the functionality of our existing products, increase sales in the Indian market
and entry into new emerging markets. The Company has a presence in India, Southeast Asia and Latin America, and recently added new customers
in Australia, New Zealand and parts of Africa. 

TraQiQ
Solutions, Inc. 

Ci2i
is a services company founded in 1998 that develops and deploys intelligent technologies and products in order to meet the demand for
sustainable, integrated solutions. Ci2i s primary focus has been in the analytics and intelligence segments. The Company is investing
significantly in building products in the area of supply chain and last mile delivery. 

Ci2i s
cloud solutions and analytics services comprise software development, program management, project management, and business analytics
services. 

TraQiQ
Solutions Private Limited 

On
May 16, 2019, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Mann-India Technologies Private Ltd., an Indian Corporation Mann ).
On January 2, 2020, Mann changed its name to TraQiQ Solutions Private Limited TRAQ Pvt Ltd ). Pursuant to the Share Exchange
Agreement with Mann, the Company acquired of the shares of Mann and assumed certain net liabilities in exchange for warrants exercisable
over a five -years to purchase shares of common stock of the Company valued at . The warrants will be exercisable as follows:
(i) warrants immediately; (ii) warrants exercisable one-year after the date of closing, which was extended to March 31,
2021; and (iii) warrants exercisable two-years after the date of closing. This transaction is being recorded as a business combination
under ASC 805. There were of these warrants exercised during 2021 and warrants remain outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 

The
warrants that are exercisable in one-year and two-years are conditioned upon TRAQ Pvt Ltd. achieving certain revenue figures and pre-tax
profit percentages. TRAQ Pvt Ltd. must achieve target revenue of million (US and pre-tax profit of (US ). Should TRAQ Pvt
Ltd. be unable to achieve these criteria, the warrants will be reduced proportionately. A total of of these warrants were cancelled
effective May 16, 2021 as a result of these criteria not being achieved. 

Mann-India
Private limited was renamed to TraQiQ Solutions Private Limited shortly after acquisition by TraQiQ Inc. 

TRAQ
Pvt Ltd. was established in May 2000 and is headquartered in New Delhi, India. TRAQ Pvt Ltd. is a leading software development company
which, with the advent of technology, has evolved as a mature and fast-growing company committed to provide reliable and cost-effective
software solutions across industries all over the world. 

TRAQ
Pvt Ltd. has its own experienced team of software developers dedicated towards developing various kinds of customized software. 

TraQ
Pvt Ltd. has been doing business around the world for over 15 years, with particular emphasis on Latin America and India. The customer
list includes large enterprise Finance and Insurance companies across Latin America. The company s product portfolio has evolved
rapidly and now includes enterprise ready solutions for payment processing, mobile wallets, micro lending solutions and digital transformation. 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company entered into an Assignment of Stock (the TSP Agreement with TraQiQ Solutions Private Ltd. TSP and LR, pursuant to which the Company sold, assigned and transferred to LR and LR purchased from the Company, all
of the equity interests in TSP in exchange for nominal consideration of . 

Rohuma,
LLC 

On
January 22, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Rohuma, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Rohuma and its members, whereby the Rohuma members agreed to exchange all of their respective membership interests in Rohuma in exchange for
 shares of common stock, of which the first tranche of shares were issued on March 1, 2021 totaling shares, with the remaining
value reflected as contingent consideration until the shares vest at which time they will be issued. The transaction was valued at per share). The Company is making final determination on the revenue targets to ascertain that the second tranche of shares should
be issued. Rohuma has an Indian affiliate that is owned by Rohuma and by its founding member. Rohuma controls this entity and
the ownership by the member is now less than upon acquisition by the Company. This amount is reflected as a non-controlling interest. 

Rohuma
dba Kringle.ai is a California based software solutions company that enables digital and mobile commerce by providing enterprise class
applications that cover loyalty and rewards products, payments, online ordering, distribution logistics for retail and more. Kringle
analyzes customers omni-channel behaviors and transactions. Using AI for digital commerce, Kringle is able to deliver real time,
automated 1:1 recommendations and personalized content across all customer touch points. 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company entered into an Assignment of Units (the Rohuma Agreement , and, together with the MTP Agreement
and the TSP Agreement, the Disposition Agreements with Rohuma LLC Rohuma and Happy Kompany LLC Happy pursuant to which the Company sold, assigned and transferred to Happy, and Happy purchased from the Company, all of the equity interests
in Rohuma in exchange for nominal consideration of . Pursuant to the Rohuma Agreement, the Company assumed the liabilities of Rohuma
with respect to two loans with Paypal/Loanbuilder in an aggregate principal amount of plus any accumulated interest and fees. 

Mimo
Technologies Private Limited 

On
February 17, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Mimo Technologies Private Ltd., and Indian corporation Mimo and its shareholders, whereby the Mimo shareholders agreed to exchange all of their respective shares in Mimo in exchange for warrants
to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. Of these warrants, were earned at the date of acquisition, with
the remaining expected to be earned over the next two years from grant based on revenue goals for Mimo. The warrants have a term
of three years and an exercise price of and value in the amount of , of which is reflected in additional paid
in capital, with the remaining reflected as contingent consideration. The Company is making final determination on the revenue
targets to ascertain that the second tranche of warrants should be vested. In addition to the issuance of the warrants, TRAQ Pvt Ltd,
wrote off in amounts due from a note receivable, in accounts receivable and in a debenture from Mimo. In addition,
a cash payment was made to one of the minority shareholders of Mimo in the amount of . The Company acquired over of Mimo with
the remaining percentage of less than reflected as a non-controlling interest. 

TraQiQ
operates the Mimo delivery and task service in India. This service runs on the TraQSuite platform. Mimo has 14,000+ independent contractors
across India performing deliveries and fulfilling tasks for the largest corporations in the country. Our team at Mimo uses a sophisticated
technology platform and a smartphone app to get their tasks completed. This is coupled with a verification and billing system that allows
customers of all sizes to leverage this distribution infrastructure. 

Mimo
offers a broad set of services. These offerings can be classified into three broad categories: 

Data
 collection and client verification (surveys, verification, on-boarding), 

Cash
 management handling services, and 

Distribution
 and demand generation (order fulfilment, demand generation, delivery services for e-commerce companies) 

Mimo
assists the delivery and pickup segment of the banking and insurance industry by performing verifications, field investigations for loan
requests, business verifications and employment verification, and also collects documents, assists in filling forms for banks, and completes
data collection from customers. 

Mimo
works with microfinance institutions to collect cash, such as loan payments, convert cash to digital means like debit cards, and conduct
data collection and surveys. 

For
consumer goods companies, Mimo does promotional marketing, Last mile (hyper-local) delivery, merchant onboarding or activation, store
audits, and route optimization for delivery. Mimo provides efficient end-to-end transshipment logistics. The framework manages and optimizes
last-mile delivery e-commerce logistics across the entire distribution chain with transparency and seamless integration. 

Mimo
is currently in the planning stages to provide food, alcohol medicine deliveries as well. 

During
the COVID-19 pandemic, Mimo leveraged video as a platform for verification and document delivery. Now, the task workers include people
who are in the field on bikes and trucks, people on a video screen, as well as people on the phone. 

There
are also data digitization tasks being done by Mimo task workers across the country. In a country like India where there are over 20
languages and multiple dialects, the task workers convert paper documents into electronic form in the same language or translate them
into another language. 

Mimo
provides delivery and task worker solutions across India. Mimo works with Banking, Financial, Logistics and Distribution companies, to
take their products and services to semi-urban and rural India. Mimo trains the agents in each Product or Service through an online and
classroom training platform. The company powers the gig economy task workers throughout the country and provides a very valuable source
of employment for young people who may or may not have a high school diploma. 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company entered into an Assignment of Stock (the MTP Agreement with Mimo Technologies Private Ltd. MTP and Lathika Regunathan LR ), pursuant to which the Company sold, assigned and transferred to LR, and
LR purchased from the Company, all of the Company s equity interests in MTP in exchange for nominal consideration of . 

on the deconsolidation in operating expenses on the consolidated
statements of operations 

and of which is included in other current assets discontinued operations on the consolidated balance
sheets) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

, respectively, which is included in other assets discontinued operations on
the consolidated balance sheets. The balances consist of time deposits pledged with financial
institutions for a Line of Credit facility taken from Andhra Bank, issuance of overdraft limit. 

and was required for the outstanding accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

. 

FASB
Codification Topic 360 Property, Plant and Equipment (ASC 360), requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable
intangibles held and used by an entity be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The application of ASC 360 has not materially affected the Company s reported earnings,
financial condition or cash flows. 

Intangible
assets with definite useful lives are stated at cost less accumulated amortization. Intangible assets represent purchased intangible
assets of TRAQ Pvt Ltd., and Mimo which includes customer relationships and trademarks. The Company amortizes these intangible assets
on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of up to years. 

The
Company has adopted Accounting Standard Update ASU 2017-04 Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350), Simplifying
the Test for Goodwill Impairment . The adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
The Company reviews recoverability of long-lived assets on a periodic basis whenever events and changes in circumstances have occurred
which may indicate a possible impairment. The assessment for potential impairment is based primarily on the Company s ability to
recover the carrying value of its long-lived assets from expected future cash flows from its operations on an undiscounted basis. If
such assets are determined to be impaired, the impairment recognized is the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds
the fair value of the assets. 

The
Company will assess the impairment of identifiable intangibles whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value may not be recoverable at the time they do have intangible assets. Factors the Company considers to be important which could trigger
an impairment review include the following: 

1.
Significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results; 

2.
Significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or the strategy for the overall business; and 

3.
Significant negative industry or economic trends. 

When
the Company determines that the carrying value of intangibles may not be recoverable based upon the existence of one or more of the above
indicators of impairment and the carrying value of the asset cannot be recovered from projected undiscounted cash flows, the Company
records an impairment charge. The Company will measure any impairment based on a projected discounted cash flow method using a discount
rate determined by management to be commensurate with the risk inherent in the current business model. Significant management judgment
is required in determining whether an indicator of impairment exists and in projecting cash flows. Management has determined that impairment
of long-lived assets is required for the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 8. Management has determined that goodwill was impaired as a result of the disposal of subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
Company only capitalizes subsequent additions, modifications or upgrades to internally developed software to the extent that such
changes allow the software to perform a task it previously did not perform. The Company expenses software maintenance and training
costs as incurred. The Company acquired 
in software costs in the Mimo transaction. As of December 31, 2022, there were capitalized software costs. 

Software
Solution Revenue 

Revenue
from arrangements with customers is recognized based on the Company s satisfaction of distinct performance obligations identified
in each agreement, generally at a point in time as discussed in ASC 606. In instances where multiple performance obligations are identified,
the Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation based on relative selling prices of each distinct product
or service, and recognizes revenue related to each performance obligation at the points in time that each performance obligation is satisfied.
The Company s performance obligation includes providing connectivity to software, generally through a monthly subscription, where
the Company typically satisfies its performance obligations prior to the submission of invoices to the customer for such services. The
Company s performance obligation for hardware components that are purchased by the customer in connection with the solution is
delivery of the purchased device, which is satisfied prior to invoicing. The Company provides a twelve-month warranty on their hardware.
All units deployed by the Company are past the twelve-month period, thus the Company has not accrued for a warranty liability. The Company
generally collects payment within 30 to 60 days of completion of the performance obligation and there are no agency relationships. 

TraQSuite
is a cloud based software platform with a revenue model based on initial and transaction-based licensing fees as well as consulting fees.
Licensees pay an initial per-module fee that varies depending on the number of modules that are licensed. This fee is typically 
per module. Customers are also billed on a per-user or per-transaction basis every month. User fees range from a per month fee for
the administrator to per month for regular users. Transaction fees averages about per transaction, with discounts for higher volumes.
Most customers also pay initial consulting fees upfront for integration of TraQSuite with their legacy software and training of their
employees in the use of TraQSuite. 

Revenue
From Sales of Goods 

Revenue
from arrangements with customers is recognized based on the Company s satisfaction of distinct performance obligations identified
in each agreement, generally at a point in time as discussed in ASC 606. The performance obligations are satisfied upon shipment of the
merchandise being sold. 

- 
 
 Sale of goods 
 - 
 - 
 
 Software Solution Revenue 
 - 
 - 
 
 Revenue 
 
 - 

Sale of goods 
 - 

Software Solution Revenue 

Revenue 

Lease
terms include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. Lease
expense for operating lease arrangements is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company had lease agreements
with lease and non-lease components, which were accounted for separately. There is no lease obligation as of December 31, 2022. 

These
consolidated financial instruments are measured using management s best estimate of fair value, where the inputs into the determination
of fair value require significant management judgment to estimation. Valuations based on unobservable inputs are highly subjective and
require significant judgments. Changes in such judgments could have a material impact on fair value estimates. 

In
addition, since estimates are as of a specific point in time, they are susceptible to material near-term changes. Changes in economic
conditions may also dramatically affect the estimated fair values. 

Fair
value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management for the
respective periods. The respective carrying value of certain financial instruments approximated their fair values due to the short-term
nature of these instruments. These financial instruments include cash, investments, short-term notes payable, accounts payable and accrued
expenses. 

Generally,
for warrants and conversion options embedded in financial instruments that are deemed to have a debt host (assuming the underlying shares
are readily convertible to cash or the contract provides for net settlement such that the embedded conversion option meets the definition
of a derivative), the existence of a down round feature results in an instrument not being considered indexed to an entity s own
stock. This results in a reporting entity being required to classify the freestanding financial instrument or the bifurcated conversion
option as a liability, which the entity must measure at fair value initially and at each subsequent reporting date. 

The
amendments in this Update revise the guidance for instruments with down round features in Subtopic 815-40, Derivatives and
Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity , which is considered in determining whether an equity-linked financial
instrument qualifies for a scope exception from derivative accounting. An entity still is required to determine whether instruments would
be classified in equity under the guidance in Subtopic 815-40 in determining whether they qualify for that scope exception. If they do
qualify, freestanding instruments with down round features are no longer classified as liabilities and embedded conversion options with
down round features are no longer bifurcated. 

For
entities that present EPS in accordance with Topic 260, and when the down round feature is included in an equity-classified freestanding
financial instrument, the value of the effect of the down round feature is treated as a dividend when it is triggered and as a numerator
adjustment in the basic EPS calculation. This reflects the occurrence of an economic transfer of value to the holder of the instrument,
while alleviating the complexity and income statement volatility associated with fair value measurement on an ongoing basis. Convertible
instruments are unaffected by the Topic 260 amendments in this Update. 

Those
amendments in Part I of this Update are a cost savings relative to current GAAP. This is because, assuming the required criteria for
equity classification in Subtopic 815-40 are met, an entity that issued such an instrument no longer measures the instrument at fair
value at each reporting period (in the case of warrants) or separately accounts for a bifurcated derivative (in the case of convertible
instruments) on the basis of the existence of a down round feature. For convertible instruments with embedded conversion options that
have down round features, applying specialized guidance such as the model for contingent beneficial conversion features rather than bifurcating
an embedded derivative also reduces cost and complexity. Under that specialized guidance, the issuer recognizes the intrinsic value of
the feature only when the feature becomes beneficial instead of bifurcating the conversion option and measuring it at fair value each
reporting period. 

The
amendments in Part II of this Update replace the indefinite deferral of certain guidance in Topic 480 with a scope exception. This has
the benefit of improving the readability of the Codification and reducing the complexity associated with navigating the guidance in Topic
480. 

For
public business entities, the amendments in Part I of this Update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted for all entities, including adoption in an interim period. If an
entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that
includes that interim period. The amendments in Part 1 of this Update should be applied in either of the following ways: 

1. 
 retrospectively
 to outstanding financial instruments with a down round feature by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the statement of financial
 position as of the beginning of the first fiscal year and interim period(s) in which the pending content that links to this paragraph
 is effective; or 

2. 
 retrospectively
 to outstanding financial instruments with a down round feature for each prior reporting period presented in accordance with the guidance
 on accounting changes in paragraphs 250-10-45-5 through 45-10. 

The
amendments in Part II of this Update do not require any transition guidance because those amendments do not have an accounting effect. 

and a working capital deficit of , as of December 31, 2022, and a working
capital deficit of as of December 31, 2021. As a result of these factors, management has determined that there is substantial
doubt about the Company ability to continue as a going concern. 

These
consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which
contemplates, among other things, the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business over
a reasonable period. The consolidated financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome
of the uncertainties. 

The
Company has recently filed a Registration Statement on Form S-1 and engaged an investment banker to undertake an offering of approximately
 . The investment banker has assisted the Company in raising a bridge round of debt financing in the amount of ,
which is net of original issue discount of . Management intends to use the funds received from the capital raise to grow both
organically and inorganically by pursuing potential synergistic companies as well as invest in technology and human capital for their
existing operations. The Company s ability to close on this potential offering to raise additional capital is unknown. Obtaining
additional financing and the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, ultimately, to profitable
operations, are necessary for the Company to continue operations. 

. Additionally, the Company is shifting operations to waste management.
As such, these business are reported as discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As required, the Company
has retrospectively recast its consolidated statements of operations and balance sheets for all periods presented. The Company has not
segregated the cash flows of this business in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Management was also required to make certain
assumptions and apply judgment to determine historical expenses related to the discontinued operations presented in prior periods. Unless
noted otherwise, discussion in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements refers to the Company s continuing operations. 

COST OF REVENUE 

GROSS PROFIT (LOSS) 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Salaries and salary related costs 
 
 - 

Professional fees 

Rent expense 
 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

(Loss) gain from disposal of subsidiaries 

General and administrative expenses 

Total Operating Expenses 

OPERATING (LOSS) INCOME 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

PPP forgiveness and other expense 

Interest expense, net of interest income 

Total other income (expense) 

NET (LOSS) INCOME FROM DISTCONTINUED OPERATIONS, BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 - 

NET (LOSS) INCOME FROM DISTCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

The
following table presents a reconciliation of the major financial lines constituting the results of operations for discontinued operations
to the net income (loss) from discontinued operations presented separately in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2021: 

Rohuma 
 Mimo 
 TSP 
 Total 

December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2021 

REVENUE 

COST OF REVENUE 

GROSS PROFIT (LOSS) 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Salaries and salary related costs 

Professional fees 

Rent expense 
 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

General and administrative expenses 

Total Operating Expenses 

OPERATING (LOSS) INCOME 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

PPP forgiveness and other expense 
 
 - 
 - 

Interest expense, net of interest income 

Total other income (expense) 

NET (LOSS) INCOME FROM DISTCONTINUED OPERATIONS, BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

Provision for income taxes 

NET (LOSS) INCOME FROM DISTCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

The
detail of the consolidated balance for the discontinued operations is as stated below for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Rohuma 
 Mimo 
 TSP 
 Total 

December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2021 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 - 

Current Assets Discontinued Operations 

Fixed assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 
 - 

Goodwill 

- 

Restricted cash 
 - 

Deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

Right-of-use asset 
 - 
 - 

Long-term taxes receivable 
 - 
 - 

Other assets 
 - 
 - 

Other Assets Discontinued Operations 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

- 

Cash overdraft 
 - 
 - 

Accrued payroll and related taxes 

Accrued taxes and duties payable 

Deferred revenue 

- 

Current portion - lease liability 
 - 
 - 

Current portion - long-term debt - related parties 

Current portion - long-term debt 
 
 - 

Current Liabilities Discontinued Operations 

Lease liability, net of current portion 
 - 
 - 

Long-term Liabilities Discontinued Operations 
 - 
 - 

The
following table presents a reconciliation of Rohuma, Mimo, and TSP net cash flow from operating, investing and financing activities for
the periods indicated below: 

2022 

2021 

Net
 cash (used in) provided by operating activities - discontinued operations 

() 

Net
 cash (used in) provided by investing activities - discontinued operations 

() 

Net
 cash provided by (used in) financing activities - discontinued operations 

() 

shares of common stock, of which the first tranche of shares were issued on March 1, 2021 totaling shares, with the remaining
value reflected as contingent consideration until the shares vest at which time they will be issued. The transaction was valued at per share). The Company is making final determination on the revenue targets to ascertain that the second tranche of shares should
be issued. Rohuma has an Indian affiliate that is owned by Rohuma and by its founding member. Rohuma controls this entity and
the ownership by the member is now less than upon acquisition by the Company. This amount is reflected as a non-controlling interest. 

Cash 

Accounts receivables, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Fixed assets 

Investment 

Intellectual property 

Tradenames 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll and related taxes 

Accrued duties and taxes 

Cash overdraft 

Comprehensive income 

Debt- related parties 

Debt 

Net assets and liabilities
 acquired 

The
difference between the net liabilities acquired of , and the consideration paid (in the form of shares, inclusive of contingent
consideration of of represents goodwill. The Company had an independent valuation consultant perform an impairment
test and it was determined that no impairment exists on the goodwill as of December 31, 2021. As this subsidiary was sold in 2022, the
Company fully impaired the goodwill, other intangible assets and other long lived assets during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

MIMO
TECHNOLOGIES 

On
February 17, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Mimo Technologies Private Ltd., and Indian corporation Mimo and its shareholders, whereby the Mimo shareholders agreed to exchange all of their respective shares in Mimo in exchange for warrants
to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. Of these warrants, were earned at the date of acquisition, with
the remaining expected to be earned over the next two years from grant based on revenue goals for Mimo. The warrants have a term
of three years and an exercise price of and value in the amount of , of which is reflected in additional paid
in capital, with the remaining reflected as contingent consideration. The Company is making final determination on the revenue
targets to ascertain that the second tranche of warrants should be vested. In addition to the issuance of the warrants, TRAQ Pvt Ltd,
wrote off in amounts due from a note receivable, in accounts receivable and in a debenture from Mimo. In addition,
a cash payment was made to one of the minority shareholders of Mimo in the amount of . The Company acquired over of Mimo with
the remaining percentage of less than reflected as a non-controlling interest. 

Accounts receivables, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Fixed assets 

Intellectual property 

Tradenames 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll and related taxes 

Accrued duties and taxes 

Comprehensive income 

Debt related parties 

Debt 

Net
 assets and liabilities acquired 

The
difference between the net liabilities acquired of ), and the consideration paid (in the form of cash and warrants, net of adjustments
for the note payable and accounts payable of Mimo with TRAQ Pvt Ltd) of represents goodwill in the amount of . The
Company s had an independent valuation consultant perform an impairment test and it was determined no impairment of the goodwill
exists as of December 31, 2021. As this subsidiary was sold in 2022, the Company fully impaired the goodwill, other intangible assets
and other long lived assets during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
following table shows pro-forma results for the year ended December 31, 2021 as if the acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2020.
These unaudited pro forma results of operations are based on the historical financial statements and related notes of Rohuma, Mimo and
the Company. 

Net loss 

Net loss per share 

Bank balances 

Bank balances discontinued operations 
 - 

Restricted cash discontinued operations 
 - 

Total 

ASU
2016-18, Statements of Cash Flows (Topic 230) was adopted by the Company in 2017. In accordance with this standard, restricted
cash and restricted cash equivalents is included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period
total amounts shown on the Statements of Cash Flows. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were cash equivalents. 

- years 
 
 Property and equipment Rohuma US 
 - 
 
 - years 
 
 Property and equipment Rohuma India 
 - 
 
 years 
 
 Property and Equipment Mimo Technologies 
 - 
 
 years 
 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 
 - 

Net 
 - 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, and is included in loss from discontinued operations, after taxes on the consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Intellectual property 
 - 

Tradenames 
 - 

Software 
 - 

Less: accumulated amortization 
 - 

Net 
 - 

Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was
 and , respectively, and , respectively, of which is included in loss from discontinued operations, after taxes on the
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Mimo Technologies 
 - 

Net 
 - 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, there were no indicators of impairment noted. For the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the disposal
of Rohuma and Mimo, the Company fully impaired the goodwill resulting in impairment expense of , and is included in loss from discontinued operations, after taxes on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

GS Capital 
 b 
 
 - 
 
 Total Convertible Notes Payable 

Less: Discounts 

Convertible Notes Payable 

(a) 
 
 OID Senior Secured Promissory Note with Evergreen Capital Management LLC (the Evergreen 1 in the amount of 
 (includes 
 of Original Issue Discount). The Evergreen 1 had a . The Evergreen 1 accrued interest at a rate of 
 per year. The conversion price of Evergreen 1 was the lower of (a) 
 Fixed Conversion Price or (b) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, if lower, 
 of the average of the two lowest VWAPs for the five consecutive Trading Day that is immediately prior to the applicable Conversion Date (the Default Conversion Price ).
 There were certain price protections for Evergreen Capital Management LLC under the terms of Evergreen 1, which made the conversion
 option a derivative liability. The Company has not repaid this note as of the maturity date and is currently in negotiations with
 Evergreen Capital Management LLC on revised terms. As a result, this note was in default and subject to the Default Conversion Price.
 The Company granted 
 warrants that have a term of 
 and an exercise price of 
 per share with Evergreen 1. The warrants granted with Evergreen 1 also contained certain price protections, that made the value of the
 warrants a derivative liability. As a commission on this note, the Company granted to the investment bankers, 
 warrants with the same terms as the Evergreen Capital Management warrants. The Company recognized a commission expense of 
 on these warrants. 
 
 On
 October 8, 2021, the Company entered into a OID Senior Secured Promissory Note in the amount of (includes of
 Original Issue Discount) with Evergreen Capital Management LLC (the Evergreen 2 ). The Evergreen 2 had a . The Evergreen 2 accrued interest at a rate of per year. The conversion price of Evergreen 2 was the
 lower of (a) Fixed Conversion Price or (b) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of
 Default, if lower, of the average of the two lowest VWAPs for the five consecutive Trading Day that is immediately prior
 to the applicable Conversion Date (the Default Conversion Price ). There were certain price protections for Evergreen
 Capital Management LLC under the terms of Evergreen 2, which made the conversion option a derivative liability. The Company had not
 repaid this note as of the maturity date and was in negotiations with Evergreen Capital Management LLC on revised terms.
 As a result, this note was in default and subject to the Default Conversion Price. The Company granted warrants that have a
 term of and an exercise price of per share with Evergreen 2. The warrants granted with Evergreen 2 also contained
 certain price protections, that made the value of the warrants a derivative liability. 

As
 a commission on this note, the Company granted to the investment bankers, warrants with the same terms as the Evergreen Capital
 Management warrants. The Company recognized a commission expense of on these warrants. 
 
 On
 October 15, 2021, the Company entered into a OID Senior Secured Promissory Note in the amount of (includes of
 Original Issue Discount) with Evergreen Capital Management LLC (the Evergreen 3 ). The Evergreen 3 had a . The Evergreen 3 accrued interest at a rate of per year. The conversion price of Evergreen 3 was
 the lower of (a) Fixed Conversion Price or (b) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event
 of Default, if lower, of the average of the two lowest VWAPs for the five consecutive Trading Day that is immediately prior
 to the applicable Conversion Date (the Default Conversion Price ). There were certain price protections for Evergreen
 Capital Management LLC under the terms of Evergreen 3, which made the conversion option a derivative liability. The Company had not
 repaid this note as of the maturity date and was in negotiations with Evergreen Capital Management LLC on revised terms.
 As a result, this note was in default and subject to the Default Conversion Price. The Company granted warrants that have a
 term of and an exercise price of per share with Evergreen 3. The warrants granted with Evergreen 3 also contained
 certain price protections, that made the value of the warrants a derivative liability. 
 
 As
 a commission on this note, the Company granted to the investment bankers, warrants with the same terms as the Evergreen Capital
 Management warrants. The Company recognized a commission expense of on these warrants. 
 
 As
 of June 17, 2021, the Evergreen 1 note is in default as the Company has not repaid the note. Both Evergreen 2 and Evergreen 3 through
 July 15, 2022 are also in default as the Company has not repaid these notes by the maturity date. As these notes are in default,
 these notes are subject to the default interest rate of . 
 
 On
 October 21, 2022, the Company entered into a OID Senior Secured Promissory Note with Evergreen Capital Management, LLC Evergreen in the amount of (includes of Original Issue Discount). Evergreen has a .
 It accrues interest at a rate of per year. The conversion price shall be equal of the price per share at which the common stock of the Company is sold to
 the public in a qualified offering. There are certain price protections, which make the conversion option a derivative liability. 
 
 On
December 31, 2022, the total outstanding principal and accrued interest balance of was converted into shares of the
Company s Series B Preferred Stock and shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 Interest
 expense on these notes for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is 
 and , respectively. Amortization of debt and original issue discounts was 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(b) 
 OID Senior Secured Promissory Note with GS Capital Partners LLC (the GS Capital in the amount of (includes of Original Issue Discount). The GS Capital has a . It accrues interest at a rate of per year. The conversion price Subject to the adjustments described herein, the conversion
 price (the Conversion Price shall be equal to of the lowest trading price of the Company s Common Stock
 for the Trading Days immediately preceding the delivery of a notice of conversion. There are certain price protections, which
 make the conversion option a derivative liability. 

Notes payable - Satinder Thiara 
 (b) 
 - 

Promissory notes Kunaal Sikka 
 (c) 
 - 

Notes payable Swarn Singh 
 (d) 
 - 

Note payable Chaudhary discontinued operations 
 (e) 
 - 

Note payable - Director 
 (g) 

Advances officers discontinued operations 
 (f) 
 - 

Long-term debt related parties 

Current portion of long-term debt related parties 

Current portion of long-term debt related parties discontinued operations 
 
 - 

Long-term debt related parties 
 
 - 
 - 

(a) 
 
 annually 
 monthly) and was due on demand. As of December 31, 2022, the full principal balance was converted into shares of the Company s common stock and shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock. The accrued interest was forgiven in full and recorded as a gain on the settlement of debt on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

(b))
 which was due , December 13, 2016 which was due , and May 1, 2018 which matured at interest rate of 
 annually 
 monthly). These were unsecured loans. The May 1, 2018 note was in default as of December 31, 2019. As a result the interest rate was
 changed to 
 annually 
 monthly). The May 1, 2018 note that matured December 31, 2019 was converted along with 
 in accrued interest into 
 shares of common stock on March 5, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the full principal balance was converted into shares of the Company s common
stock. The accrued interest was forgiven in full and recorded as a gain on the settlement of debt on the consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss. 

(c) 
 ,
 maturing on , and accrued interest at an annual rate of .
 The note was in default as of December 31, 2019 through June 25, 2021 when the note was extended until December 31, 2022. As a
 result the interest rate was changed to 
 annually 
 monthly) through June 25, 2021 and then changed to 
 annually. 

Unsecured
 promissory note from Kunaal Sikka, the CEO s son, dated December 15, 2021, in the amount of ,
 maturing on , and accruing interest at an annual rate of . As of December 31, 2022, the full principal balance was converted into shares of the Company s common
stock. The accrued interest was forgiven in full and recorded as a gain on the settlement of debt on the consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss. 

(d))
 and February 1, 2017 at interest rate of 
 annually 
 monthly). These were unsecured notes. Both notes were due . The notes were in default as of December 31, 2019. As a result the interest rate was changed to 
 annually 
 monthly). 

Unsecured
 promissory note to Swarn Singh, father-in-law of the CEO, dated December 15, 2021, in the amount of ,
 maturing on , and accruing interest at an annual rate of .
 As of December 31, 2022, the full principal balance was converted into shares of the Company s common stock. The
 accrued interest was forgiven in full and recorded as a gain on the settlement of debt on the consolidated statements of operations
 and comprehensive loss. 

(e) 
 INR (approximately US due on demand at 
 per annum. This amount was offset by an amount due from the company that Sushil Chaudhary owns in the amount of . 

(f) 
 INR (approximately US interest free and due on demand
 with a balance of as of December 31, 2022. 

(g) 
 in the amount of . . 

(h) 
 at interest per annum, due on demand. 

Interest
expense on these notes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are 
and ,
respectively. The Company recorded on the gain on settlement of debt related to the forgiveness of accrued interest
on the related party loans. 

Auto loan ICICI Bank 
 (d) 
 - 

Baxter Credit Union 
 (e) 

UGECL 
 (f) 
 - 

Diagonal Lending FKA Sixth Street Lending), net of discounts of 
 (b) 
 
 - 
 
 Loan Builder 
 (g) 

Loan Builder #2 
 (g) 
 
 - 
 
 Loan Builder #3 
 (k) 
 
 - 
 
 Satin 
 (c) 
 - 

Union Bank 
 (h) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Individual 
 (i) 
 
 - 
 
 Kabbage Loan 
 (j) 
 
 - 
 
 Forward Finance 
 (l) 
 
 - 
 
 Celtic 
 (m) 
 
 - 
 
 SBA - Rohuma 
 
 - 

Total 

Current portion 

Current portion discontinued operations 
 
 - 

Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 
 - 

(a) 
 , issued in May 2018 as consideration for services, due in June 2018, and bearing no interest.
 During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company made a payment of against the note and the Company has withheld payment
 of the remaining amount pending receipt of amounts due from the service provider. The amount was settled in 2022. 

(b) 
 promissory note with Sixth Street Lending LLC. The promissory note contains
 an original issue discount of . Interest on the promissory note is eleven percent per annum and the promissory note
 matures . The interest rate increases to if an event of default occurs. The Company is to make mandatory monthly
 payments of per month in ten installments beginning March 30, 2022. Should an event of default occur, the holder of the promissory
 note will have the right to convert any portion of the outstanding principal and interest at the lowest price on the preceding trading
 day. The Company has reserved shares of common stock with the transfer agent to account for any potential conversions. 

(c) 

(d) 
 .
 The entire amount is included in current maturities. 

(e) 
 at interest per annum due . The loan was renegotiated for a balance of 
 with similar terms at interest per annum and is guaranteed by the CEO of the Company. 

(f) 
 , . Current (2022) ; long-term (2023) . 

(g) 
 unsecured loan due in weekly payments of 
 inclusive of interest at approximately . A portion of these proceeds were used to pay
 off the prior advance from Loanbuilder from 2021. 
 
 In
 February 2022 the Company s subsidiary Rohuma, borrowed from Loanbuilder, to be repaid in weekly installments
 of . 
 
 In
 July 2022 the Company s subsidiary Rohuma borrowed 
 from Loanbuilder, to be repaid in 
 weekly installments of . 
 
 As
 of December 31, 2022, these loans are in default. 

(h) 
 with repayment commencing March 2024 through maturity in February 2027. 

(i) 
 from an individual with interest at per annum.
 The loan matures . 
 
 In
 February 2022 the Company s subsidiary Rohuma, borrowed 
 from Loanbuilder, to be repaid in 
 weekly installments of . 

(j) 
 
 through an unsecured loan due in 
 monthly payments of 
 inclusive of interest at approximately .. 

(k) 
 
 from Loanbuilder, to be repaid in weekly
 installments of . As of December 31, 2022, this loan is in default. 

(l) 
 
 unsecured loan due in weekly payments of 
 inclusive of interest at approximately . As of December 31, 2022, this loan is in default. 

(m) 
 and repaid .
 The Company has offered up its assets as collateral. As of December 31, 2022, this loan is in default. 

As of December 31, 2022, of the above loans were in default and therefore classified as current liabilities
on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Interest
expense on these notes for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are and , respectively. 

Convertible Promissory Notes that were originally due on (the Notes in the amount of . From August 2017 through November 2017, the Company issued additional
 notes to four different parties (two of which were related parties) in the principal amount of to related parties).
 In January 2018, the holders of the Notes agreed to extend the maturity to April 30, 2018, and in April 2018, agreed to further extend
 the maturity of certain notes to June or July 2018. During the year ended December 31, 2018, the maturity of the notes were further
 extended to March 31, 2019 and then again to periods ranging from June 30, 2019 to December 31, 2019. unless the Company defaults, which increases the interest rate to . The Holders, at their option, can elect to convert the
 principal plus any accrued interest, into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion rate equal to eighty percent
 (80 of the average closing share price as quoted on the OTC Markets for the five trading days prior to the date of conversion.
 There are two notes that had a maturity date of June 30, 2019, with the remaining notes having a maturity date of .
 These notes had not been extended and were in default until June 30, 2021, when the note holders agreed to extend the debt until
 October 31, 2021, with no other changes to the notes. The Company has classified these notes as current liabilities. The Company
 had accrued the default interest on the two notes from July 1, 2019 through March 4, 2021. On March 5, 2021, the Company converted
 in convertible notes which includes the excess of the fair value of shares issuable over the face value of the convertible
 notes along with in accrued interest into shares of common stock . 

During
 the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company received additional proceeds from a related
 party of (from Dharam V. Sikka, father of CEO) pursuant to a convertible note payable
 issued in May 2018, with the same interest rate and conversion terms as the Notes described
 above, . Because the Notes are convertible into a variable number
 of shares of common stock based on a fixed dollar amount, in accordance with ASC Topic 480-10-50-2,
 the notes are recorded at the fair value of the shares issuable upon conversion. The excess
 of the fair value of shares issuable over the face value of the Notes is recorded as a discount
 to the note to be amortized into interest expense over the term of the note. 
 
 The
 remaining notes and all accrued interest were paid in October 2021. As the notes were settled in cash, no additional conversion premium
 is due. 

Interest
expense on these notes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

shares of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to its CEO and, on August
1, 2017, the Company sold and issued the shares of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to its CEO at a price of per
share for . 

Each
outstanding share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into the number of shares of the Company s common stock
(the Common Stock determined by dividing the Stated Value by the Conversion Price as defined below, at the option of any
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shareholder in whole or in part, at any time commencing no earlier than six (6) months after the
issuance date; provided that any conversion under this section must be made during the ten (10) day period immediately following the
date on which the corporation files with the Securities and Exchange Commission any periodic report on form 10-Q, 10-K or the equivalent
form; provided further that, any conversion under this Section IV: (a) shall be for a minimum Stated Value of of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock. 

The
Conversion Price for each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock in effect on any Conversion Date shall be . 

On
September 22, 2021, the CEO converted all 
shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at the conversion price of 
per share into 
common shares. As a result, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are 
Series A Convertible Preferred shares issued and outstanding. 

Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022, shares of Series B Preferred Stock are outstanding. 

Each
outstanding share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into the 100 shares of the Company s common stock at any
time commencing after the issuance date. Series B Convertible Stock has no voting rights. Upon any liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up
of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary (a Liquidation ), the Series B Holders shall be entitled to receive
out of the assets of the Corporation, whether capital or surplus, the same amount that a holder of Common Stock would receive if the
Series B Preferred were fully converted. Except for stock dividends or distributions for, Series B Holders are entitled to receive, and
the Company shall pay, dividends on shares of Series B Preferred equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock basis) to and in the same
form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as, and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock.
No other dividends shall be paid on shares of Series B Preferred. 

 On December 30, 2022,
the Company exchanged outstanding debt securities of the Company with unpaid principal and interest in the amount of for 
shares of its common stock and shares of its Series B Preferred stock. 

Common
Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has shares issued and outstanding. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, there was 
shares offered as commitment shares as additional consideration for the purchase of a convertible note. 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company exchanged outstanding debt securities of the Company with unpaid principal and interest in the amount
of for shares of its common stock and shares of its Series B Preferred stock. 

Between
October 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022, options were exercised into shares of the Company s common stock for no
consideration. Upon issuance, the remaining of stock-based compensation was expensed. 

On
December 1, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in exchange for vested restricted stock awards valued at . 

During
the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in exchange for warrants for no consideration. 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2022, there was a fractional adjustment of shares, shares issued in the exercise of warrants
for (which is included in subscription receivable as the cash was received in July 2022), and shares issued for the second
tranche of shares for the Rohuma purchase valued at which was included in contingent consideration. 

During
the three months ended March 31, 2022, the 

During
the three months ended December 31, 2021, the Company (a) issued common shares in conversion of a convertible note payable; and
(b) had common shares returned upon repayment of a convertible note. 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2021, the Company (a) issued common shares in conversion of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock; (b) issued common shares in the exercise of warrants that were exercised for ; and (c) issued common
shares to the CEO as bonus compensation valued at . 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company (a) issued shares of common stock for services valued at . In addition, the
Company recognized in stock-based compensation for restricted stock grants to an advisor that vest over a three -year term. None
of the shares to this advisor have been issued as of December 31, 2021.; (b) issued shares of common stock to a in a promissory note. of these shares may be returned to the Company should the note
be repaid by the maturity date of December 12, 2021. These shares have a value of ; and (c) issued shares for . 

During
the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Company (a) issued shares of common stock for ; (b) shares of common
stock for the conversion for in convertible notes and in accrued interest; (c) shares of common stock for services
rendered in the amount of ; and (d) shares (of a total of to be issued) for the purchase of Rohuma. 

On
April 12, 2018, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation to forward split all outstanding shares of common stock such that all
issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be automatically combined and reclassified such that each share of Pre-Forward Split
Stock shall be combined and reclassified into four shares of Common Stock. The number of shares for all periods presented has been retroactively
restated to reflect the forward split. 

Common
Stock Warrants 

years 

Warrants granted 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrants exercised 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrants expired/cancelled 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 
 years 

Warrants granted 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrants exercised/exchanged 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrants expired/cancelled 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 
 years 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 
 years 

Changes to these inputs could produce a significantly
higher or lower fair value measurement. The fair value of each option/warrant is estimated using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The
following assumptions were used for warrants granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

years 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 - 

On
May 16, 2019, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Mann-India Technologies Private Ltd., an Indian Corporation. Pursuant
to the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company acquired of the shares of TRAQ Pvt Ltd. and assumed certain net liabilities in exchange
for warrants exercisable over a five -years to purchase shares of common stock of the Company valued at . The warrants will
be exercisable as follows: (i) warrants immediately upon closing; (ii) warrants exercisable one-year after the date of
closing, which was extended to March 31, 2021; and (iii) warrants exercisable two -years after the date of closing. The value of
the transaction totaled and is reflected as an increase to additional paid in capital. A total of of these warrants were
cancelled effective May 16, 2021 as a result of these criteria not being achieved. 

On
February 16, 2021, the Company entered into several stock purchase agreements for the issuance of shares for cash in the amount
of (value of per share). The individuals also received warrants that have a term of at an exercise
price of per share. 

On
February 17, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Mimo Technologies Private Ltd., and Indian corporation Mimo and its shareholders, whereby the Mimo shareholders agreed to exchange all of their respective shares in Mimo
in exchange for warrants to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock. Of these warrants, 
were earned at the date of acquisition, with the remaining 
expected to be earned over the next two years from grant based on revenue goals for Mimo. The warrants have a term of and an exercise price of 
and value in the amount of ,
of which 
is reflected in additional paid in capital, with the remaining 
reflected as contingent consideration. The Company is made its final determination on the revenue targets to ascertain that the
second tranche of warrants should be vested. In addition to the issuance of the warrants, TRAQ Pvt Ltd, wrote off 
in amounts due from a note receivable, 
in accounts receivable and 
in a debenture from Mimo. In addition, a cash payment was made to one of the minority shareholders of Mimo in the amount of .
The Company acquired over 
of Mimo with the remaining percentage of less than 
reflected as a non-controlling interest. 

On
March 8, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement to provide advisory services regarding strategic planning. The agreement
is for a term of one-year. The agreement calls for payments to be paid monthly in the amount of and the issuance of stock at the
commencement of the agreement for shares, and a three -year warrant for warrants with a strike price of per share
that vest March 7, 2022. 

On
February 12, 2021, in connection with the Platinum Point Capital note, the Company granted warrants with a term of three years,
at an exercise price of . The warrants have price protections, and as a result of the granting of warrants in the Evergreen Capital
Management transaction on September 17, 2021, the exercise price was reduced to . 

On
September 17, 2021, the Company granted warrants with a term of , at an exercise price of to Evergreen Capital
Management LLC with the convertible promissory note. As a commission on this note, the Company granted to the investment bankers,
 warrants with the same terms as the Evergreen Capital Management warrants. The Company recognized a commission expense for 
on these warrants. These issuances triggered a price protection clause in the Platinum Point Capital warrants and reduced their exercise
price to . 

On
October 8, 2021, the Company granted warrants with a term of , at an exercise price of to Evergreen Capital Management
LLC with the convertible promissory note. As a commission on this note, the Company granted to the investment bankers, 
warrants with the same terms as the Evergreen Capital Management warrants. The Company recognized a commission expense for on
these warrants. These issuances triggered a price protection clause in the Platinum Point Capital warrants and reduced their exercise
price to . 

On
October 15, 2021, the Company granted warrants with a term of , at an exercise price of to Evergreen Capital
Management LLC with the convertible promissory note. As a commission on this note, the Company granted to the investment bankers,
 warrants with the same terms as the Evergreen Capital Management warrants. The Company recognized a commission expense for 
on these warrants. These issuances triggered a price protection clause in the Platinum Point Capital warrants and reduced their exercise
price to . 

In
June 2022, there were warrants exercised for . In addition, in June 2022, there was warrants previously granted to
a consultant that were cancelled. 

In
December 2022, there were warrants exercised for . In addition, in December 2022, there was warrants previously granted
to a consultant that were cancelled. 

Options 

On
November 23, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. 

On
October 19, 2020, the Company granted stock options to board members, advisory board members, employees and consultants. The
options have a -year term, and are both service based grants, as well as performance-based grants. 

In
the year ended December 31, 2021, an additional options vested for a total vested amount of . 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, stock options were exercised into shares of the Company s common stock, and 
stock options were forfeited. As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding options. 

In
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized and , respectively, in stock-based compensation. 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 

- 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Ending balance 
 - 
 - 

Intrinsic value of options 
 - 

Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

and , respectively. The Company is recording this amount at present value, in accordance with the standard, using an
incremental borrowing rate by adjusting the benchmark reference rates with appropriate financing spreads and lease specific adjustments
for the effects of collateral. The right of use asset will be composed of the sum of all lease payments plus any initial direct cost
and will be straight line amortized over the life of the expected lease term. For the expected term of the lease the Company will use
the term of the nine-year lease. This lease will be treated as an operating lease under the standard. 

The
Company has chosen to implement this standard using the modified retrospective model approach with a cumulative-effect adjustment, which
does not require the Company to adjust the comparative periods presented when transitioning to the new guidance on January 1, 2019. The
Company has also elected to utilize the transition related practical expedients permitted by the new standard. The modified retrospective
approach provides a method for recording existing leases at adoption and in comparative periods that approximates the results of a modified
retrospective approach. 

In
February 2022, the Company entered into a new lease with a right of use asset and lease liability value of . 

The
lease right of use asset of in the original amount of was to be amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company renegotiated their leases with the landlord for TRAQ Pvt Ltd. As a result of this renegotiation,
the Company vacated one of their two leases, and as a result, impaired in right-of-use asset and in lease liability. 

As
of December 31, 2021, the value of the unamortized lease right of use asset is . As of December 31, 2021, the Company s
lease liability was . This lease was held by TSP, and as such, was deconsolidated on December 31, 2022. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company recorded rent expense on this lease of and , and were from continuing operations, respectfully, and 
and were included in discontinued operations, respectfully, on the statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

. The GS Note has a maturity of one -year and is to be repaid commencing on the fifth month anniversary and every
month thereafter in the amount of . . There are certain price protections for GS Capital Partners, LLC under the terms of the GS Note, which make the conversion
option a derivative liability. The Company recorded an original issue discount in the amount of and was paid out of the
proceeds for legal fees. In accordance with the terms of the GS Note, the Company issued shares of common stock as a commitment
fee and issued shares of common stock that are returnable upon achievement of the terms of the GS Note (which were returned upon
repayment of this note in October 2021). The note was repaid in October 2021. 

On
February 12, 2021, the Company entered into a 10 Convertible Promissory Note with Platinum Point Capital, LLC (the Platinum Note ).
The Platinum Note has a maturity of one -year. . There are certain price protections for Platinum Point Capital, LLC under
the terms of the Platinum Note, which make the conversion option a derivative liability. The Company granted warrants that have
a term of three-years and an exercise price of per share with the Platinum Note. The warrants granted with the Platinum Note also
contain certain price protections, that make the value of the warrants a derivative liability. The Company and Platinum Point Capital,
LLC entered into an amendment to exclude the Mimo warrants granted on February 17, 2021 from the price protections. In accordance with
the terms of the Platinum Note, the Company issued shares as a commitment fee. The note was repaid/converted in 2021. 

On
September 17, 2021, the Company entered into a 20 OID Senior Secured Promissory Note with Evergreen Capital Management LLC (the Evergreen
1 in the amount of (includes of Original Issue Discount). The Evergreen 1 had a maturity of nine months to
June 17, 2022. per year . The conversion price of Evergreen 1 was the lower of (a) Fixed Conversion Price or (b) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, if lower, 
of the average of the two lowest VWAPs for the five (5) consecutive Trading Day that is immediately prior to the applicable Conversion
Date (the Default Conversion Price ). There were certain price protections for Evergreen Capital Management LLC under the
terms of Evergreen 1, which made the conversion option a derivative liability. The Company granted warrants that had a term of
 five -years and an exercise price of per share with Evergreen 1. The warrants granted with Evergreen 1 also contained certain price
protections, that made the value of the warrants a derivative liability. This note was converted, and the warrants were cancelled, in
2022. 

On
October 8, 2021, the Company entered into a 20 OID Senior Secured Promissory Note in the amount of (includes of Original
Issue Discount) with Evergreen Capital Management LLC (the Evergreen 2 ). The Evergreen 2 had a maturity of nine months
to July 8, 2022. per year . The conversion price of Evergreen 2 was the lower of (a)
 Fixed Conversion Price or (b) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, if lower,
 of the average of the two lowest VWAPs for the five consecutive Trading Day that is immediately prior to the applicable Conversion
Date (the Default Conversion Price ). There were certain price protections for Evergreen Capital Management LLC under the
terms of Evergreen 2, which made the conversion option a derivative liability. The Company granted warrants that had a term of
 five -years and an exercise price of per share with Evergreen 2. The warrants granted with Evergreen 2 also contained certain price
protections, that made the value of the warrants a derivative liability. This note was converted, and the warrants were cancelled, in
2022. 

On
October 15, 2021, the Company entered into a 20 OID Senior Secured Promissory Note in the amount of (includes of Original
Issue Discount) with Evergreen Capital Management LLC (the Evergreen 3 ). The Evergreen 3 had a maturity of nine months
to July 15, 2022. per year . The conversion price of Evergreen 3 was the lower of (a)
 Fixed Conversion Price or (b) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, if lower,
 of the average of the two lowest VWAPs for the five consecutive Trading Day that is immediately prior to the applicable Conversion
Date (the Default Conversion Price ). There were certain price protections for Evergreen Capital Management LLC under the
terms of Evergreen 3, which made the conversion option a derivative liability. The Company granted warrants that had a term of
 five -years and an exercise price of per share with Evergreen 3. The warrants granted with Evergreen 3 also contained certain price
protections, that made the value of the warrants a derivative liability. This note was converted, and the warrants were cancelled, in
2022. 

On
July 5, 2022, the Company entered into a 11 OID Senior Secured Promissory Note with GS Capital Partners LLC (the GS Capital in the amount of (includes of Original Issue Discount). The GS Capital has a maturity of twelve months to July 5, 2023.
It accrues interest at a rate of per year. The conversion price Subject to the adjustments described herein, the conversion price
(the Conversion Price shall be equal to of the lowest trading price of the Company s Common Stock for the 
Trading Days immediately preceding the delivery of a notice of conversion. There are certain price protections, which make the conversion
option a derivative liability. 

On
October 21, 2022, the Company entered into a 20 OID Senior Secured Promissory Note with Evergreen Capital Management, LLC Evergreen 4 in the amount of 
(includes 
of Original Issue Discount). 
per year . The conversion price Subject to the adjustments described herein, the conversion price (the Conversion
Price shall be equal 
of the price per share at which the common stock of the Company is sold to the public in a qualified offering. There are certain
price protections, which make the conversion option a derivative liability. 

year 
 
year 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 

warrants) 
 - 

Fair value of the Evergreen 1 conversion option 
 - 

Fair value of the Evergreen 1 warrants warrants) 
 - 

Fair value of the Evergreen 2 conversion option 
 - 

Fair value of the Evergreen 2 warrants warrants) 
 - 

Fair value of the Evergreen 3 conversion option 
 - 

Fair value of the Evergreen 3 warrants warrants) 
 - 

Fair value of the Evergreen 4 conversion option 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value of the GS Capital conversion option 
 
 - 
 
 Derivative liability 

On December 30, 2022, Evergreen notes 1 through 3
were converted into shares of the Company common stock and Series b Preferred Stock, resulting in the extinguishment of the derivative
liability due to conversion. See Note 9. 

Issuances of warrants/conversion option derivative liabilities 

Extinguishment of derivative liability upon conversion/repayment of convertible notes and cancellation of warrants 

Change in fair value of warrants/conversion option - derivative liabilities 

Ending balance as of December 31, 2022 

of
revenues. A major customer is defined as a customer that represents 10 or greater of total revenues. There was of
accounts receivable representing five customers as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company does not believe that the risk associated with these customers or vendors will have an adverse effect on the business. 

pursuant to its agreement with
the driver, which entitled the Company to fees equal to per day for the driver s failure to return a trailer owned by the
Company with the period prescribed by the agreement. The Company has not recognized this as income due to uncertainty of payment and
will record as other income during the period in which amounts are collected. 

as of December 31, 2021, towards ex-employees of TRAQ Pvt Ltd; therefore, TRAQ Pvt Ltd
 is liable for penalty under The Gratuity Act under the Indian Laws and other relevant laws. Since the amount of penalty for default
 in payment of gratuity is not ascertainable, therefore it is not provided for in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(iii) 
 TRAQ
 Pvt Ltd has delayed in complying with provisions related to Foreign Direct Investment and Transfer of Shares to Non-resident as per
 the Master Circulars and notification issued by Reserve Bank of India, therefore, is liable for imposition of penalty. Since the
 amount of the penalty for the same is not ascertainable, no effect was given in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(iv) 
 Prior
 to its acquisition in May 2019, TRAQ Pvt Ltd, had provided a guarantee in favor of State Bank of India for on March 22,
 2014, for Mira Green Tech Private Limited. The State Bank of India is in process of satisfying whether there is any obligation due
 by TRAQ Pvt Ltd at this time. 

(v) 
 TRAQ
 Pvt Ltd has a contingent liability of 
 towards the income tax department for Assessment year 2018-19, However an appeal is already filed against such demand in the income
 tax department and the proceeding is still pending; Accordingly, there may be a contingent liability in respect of Income Tax of
 such demand amount, interest, and penalty which is not quantifiable at present, hence not provided in the Consolidated Financial
 Statements. 

The
 Traq Pvt Ltd has defaulted in making the payment towards statutory liability with respect to the Provident fund and TDS, The total
 outstanding amount as on December 31, 2022 is Approximately 
 and ,
 respectively, which is pertaining to financial year 2019-2020 to 2022-2023 However no amount for penalty and interest damages
 has been confirmed by the respective departments. 

Commitments
and contingencies in respect of Mimo Technologies Pvt Ltd; 

(i) 
 During
 the year, Mimo Technologies Pvt. Ltd. has received funds from TraQiQ Inc, a US company amounting to approximately which
 is outstanding as at September 30, 2022, RBI regulates the foreign funds and based on the purpose of the transactions, compliances
 as per the RBI regulation needs to be complied with, Mimo was delayed in their reporting with the Master Circulars and received notification
 by the Reserve Bank of India, and therefore, is liable for the imposition of penalties. Since the amount of the penalty for the same
 is not ascertainable, no effect was given in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(ii) 
 Mimo Technologies Pvt Ltd has delayed in complying with provisions related
to Foreign Direct Investment and Transfer of Shares to Non-resident as per the Master Circulars and notification issued by Reserve Bank
of India, and therefore, is liable for imposition of penalty. Since the amount of the penalty is not ascertainable, no effect was given
in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(iii) 
 The
 Mimo Technologies Pvt Ltd has defaulted in making the payment towards statutory liability with respect to the Provident
 fund and TDS , The total outstanding amount as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 
 ,
 respectively, which is pertaining to financial year 2019-2020 to 2022-2023 However no amount for penalty and interest damages has
 been confirmed by the respective departments. 

All
United States based entities : 

State income taxes at statutory
 rate 

Temporary differences 

Permanent differences 

Change
 in valuation allowance 

Totals 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Other 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 deferred tax assets 

Less:
 Valuation allowance 

Net
 deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has a net operating loss carry forward of expiring through 2037. The Company has provided
a valuation allowance against the full amount of the deferred tax asset due to management s uncertainty about its realization.
Furthermore, the net operating loss carry forward may be subject to further limitation pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue
Code. The valuation allowance was increased by in 2022. 

The
Company classifies income tax penalties and interest, if any, as part of other general and administrative expenses in the
accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company did not expense any penalties or interest
during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021 and did not accrue any penalties or interest as of December 31, 2022 or
2021. 

India
based entity : 

Provision
 for gratuity 
 - 

Provision
 for leave encashment 
 - 

Operating
 lease 
 - 

NOL
 carryforward (based on last tax return filed per Indian Income Tax laws) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Timing
 difference on TDS under 40a(ia) 
 - 
 - 
 
 MAT
 credit 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred
 Tax Assets 
 - 

Net
 Deferred Tax Assets 
 - 

Less:
 Valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 Deferred Tax Asset 
 - 

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement
carrying values of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. 

On December 30, 2022, the Company entered into an assignment of stock agreement
for all of the India based entities. Accordingly, the deferred tax assets were included in the transfer and no longer included in the
consolidated financial statements. 

(the Michaelson Debt owed to Michaelson Capital Special Finance Fund II, L.P. Michaelson . 

In
exchange for the assets of the Digester Business, the Company (a) paid the Renovare Sellers an amount equal to (the Cash
Consideration and (b) issued to REI (i) shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock, par value (the
 Series B Preferred Stock ), and (ii) shares of the Company s common stock, par value (the Common
Stock ), a portion of which is being held in escrow. The Purchase Agreement contained standard representations and warranties by
the Company and the Renovare Sellers which, except for fundamental representations, remain in effect for twelve months following the
closing date. shares of the Common Stock portion of the closing consideration were placed into escrow, the release of which
is contingent upon a mutual agreement of the parties or January 4, 2024 or if a claim is pending, a final non -appealable order of any
court of competent jurisdiction. 

Additional
agreements ancillary to the asset acquisition were also executed, including but not limited to a bill of sale, assignment and assumption
agreement, an escrow agreement and a domain name assignment agreement. 

The
Renovare Sellers also agreed that, for a period of five years from closing date, the Sellers would not engage in a business that competes
with the Digester Business. 

OID
Promissory Notes 

To
facilitate the Company s payment of the Cash Consideration, on January 4, 2023, the Company borrowed the full amount of the Cash
Consideration from an accredited investor in exchange for a 20 OID Senior Secured Promissory Note dated January 4, 2023 in the original
principal amount of (the OID Note ). The OID Note matures on January 4, 2024, bears interest at the rate of ten
percent per annum and has no prepayment penalty. In the event of a default by the Company under the OID Note, the outstanding principal
and interest will be convertible by the holder into Common Stock at a conversion price equal to the lower of (i) per share and
(ii) an amount equal to of the average of the two lowest volume weighted average prices of the Common Stock for the five consecutive
trading days prior to the conversion date. 

On
January 5, 2023, the Company entered into a 11 OID Senior Secured Promissory Note with Evergreen in the amount of (includes
 of Original Issue Discount). The note has a maturity of twelve months and accrues interest at a rate of per year. The conversion
price is equal to the lesser of or of average of the two lowest VWAPs for the five consecutive trading days ending on the
trading day that is immediately preceding the delivery of a notice of conversion. In accordance with the terms of this note, the Company
issued shares of common stock as a commitment fee. 

Assumption
Agreement 

In
connection with the Company s assumption of the Michaelson Debt, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Michaelson, the Company, the
Renovare Sellers, BHT Financial, LLC BHTF ), BioHiTech Europe, PLC BHTE ), E.N.A. Renewables ENA and New Windsor Resource Recovery (together with the Sellers, BHTF, BHTE and ENA, the Renovare Companies entered into
an Assumption Agreement (the Assumption Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company assumed all of the obligations and liabilities
with respect to the Michaelson Debt. 

Secured
Term Note 

In
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and the Assumption Agreement, on January 5, 2023, the Company
issued to Michaelson an Amended and Restated Senior Secured Term Note (the Michaelson Note in the principal amount equal
to the Michaelson Debt. The Michaelson Note is payable in five principal installments, with the first four installments each in the principal
amount of payable on each of January 31, 2023, March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023 and with the last installment
in the total remaining principal balance payable on December 31, 2023. The Michaelson Note bears interest at the rate of twelve percent per annum that is payable monthly. 

Security
Agreement 

In
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the Assumption Agreement and the Michaelson Note, the Company
entered into a Security Agreement with Michaelson, pursuant to which the Company granted to Michaelson a security interest and lien upon
all of the Company s personal property, tangible or intangible, and whether then owned or thereafter acquired, or in which the
Company has or at any time obtains any right, title or interest, in each case to collateralize the Company s obligations under
the Michaelson Note and the Assumption Agreement. 

F- 38 

<EX-10.18>
 2
 ex10-18.htm

Exhibit 10.18 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex21.htm

Exhibit
21 

Name
 of Subsidiary 
 
 State/Country
 of Incorporation or Organization 

TraQiQ
 Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Washington 
 
 TraQiQ
 Solutions, Pvt Ltd. 
 
 India 
 
 Rohuma
 LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Rohuma
 Info Solutions Pvt Ltd. 
 
 India 
 
 Mimo
 Technologies Pvt Ltd. 
 
 India 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Ajay Sikka, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TraQiQ, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this annual report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this annual report; 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant)
and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal annual period that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; 

5.
I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Ajay Sikka 

Ajay
 Sikka 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report of TraQiQ, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ajay Sikka, Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Ajay Sikka 

Ajay
 Sikka 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.CAL>
 21
 triq-20221231_cal.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 22
 triq-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 23
 triq-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 24
 triq-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 25
 triq-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

