<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1842916_0001213900-23-025613.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4630641</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>423216</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>923441</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>919897</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1192652</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1054243</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025613.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331170834
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025613
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Forum Merger IV Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001842916
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				861556509
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40230
		FILM NUMBER:		23789049

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1615 SOUTH CONGRESS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 103
		CITY:			DELRAY BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33445
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 739-7860

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1615 SOUTH CONGRESS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 103
		CITY:			DELRAY BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33445

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025613.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_forummerger4.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________
to ____________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of 
Class A common stock and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant FMIVU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock, each at an exercise price of 11.50 per share FMIVW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
common stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, at June 30, 2022, computed
by reference to the closing price of the units reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on such date, was approximately . 

As of March 31, 2023, there were shares
of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001, and shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 43 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 43 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 43 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 

PART II 
 
 44 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 44 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 45 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 45 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 51 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 51 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 52 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 52 

PART III 
 
 53 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 53 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 60 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 61 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 62 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 64 

PART IV 
 
 65 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 65 

SIGNATURES 
 67 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements in this annual report on Form
10-K (this Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws.
Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations,
hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, 
 believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, 
 may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K may include, for example, statements
about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the adverse impacts of the COVID-19 outbreak and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) on our ability to consummate an initial business combination or on the restaurant and hospitality related sectors; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can
be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve
a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, those factors described under the section of this Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors. Should one or
more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material
respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

ii 

PART I 

References in this report to we, 
 us or the Company refer to Forum Merger IV Corporation. References to our management or our
 management team refer to our officers and directors. 

Item 1. Business. 

Introduction 

We are a blank check company formed as a Delaware
corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination with one or more businesses (the business combination ). While we may pursue an initial business combination
target in any industry or geographic region, we intend to focus on companies that have an aggregate enterprise value of approximately
 500 million to 5 billion or more, are North American- or Western European-based, have excellent management teams, have a robust outlook
for long-term growth and would benefit from access to capital to fund organic growth or acquisitions. 

Our strategy will be to capitalize on inefficiencies
we identify in the market, specifically with regards to private equity funds and private companies looking for liquidity. Consistent with
this strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective
target businesses. We intend to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter
into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

Middle-Market Businesses. We intend to seek to acquire one or more businesses with an aggregate enterprise value of approximately 500 million to 5 billion or more, determined in the sole discretion of our officers and directors according to reasonably accepted valuation standards and methodologies. Although we have no commitment as of the date of the initial public offering (as defined below), we will likely need to issue a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock, or a combination thereof, either to sellers of a target company or to investors that will provide us capital, to complete a business combination. We believe that the middle market segment provides the greatest number of opportunities for investment. This segment is where we believe we have the strongest network to identify the greatest number of attractive opportunities. 

Companies Which Have Strong Public Comparables. We intend to seek to acquire one or more businesses where strong public comparables exist. The existence of public companies which operate in similar industry sectors or have similar operating metrics to a potential target business will be important in helping to establish that the valuation of our initial business combination is attractive relative to such public companies. 

Established Companies with Proven Track Records. We intend to seek to acquire one or more established companies with consistent historical financial performance. We intend to focus on companies with a history of strong operating and financial results and strong fundamentals. We also intend to focus on companies where we are able to gain a clear understanding of their market and growth strategy. We do not currently intend to acquire start-up companies or companies with recurring negative free cash flow. 

Companies with Proven Revenue and Earnings Growth or Potential for Revenue and Earnings Growth. We intend to seek to acquire one or more businesses that have achieved or have the potential for significant revenue and earnings growth through a combination of organic growth, synergistic add-on acquisitions, new product markets and geographies, increased production capacity, expense reduction and increased operating leverage. We intend to focus on companies that have a scalable, capital efficient business model, operate in industries that have strong barriers to entry and have a sustainable competitive advantage in an attractive industry. 

1 

Experienced Management Team. We intend to seek to acquire one or more businesses with a strong, driven and experienced management team that provides a platform for us to further develop the acquired business s management capabilities. We may also seek to partner with a potential target s management team where the operating and financial abilities of our executive team and board could complement their own capabilities. 

Sectors Exhibiting Secular Growth or with Potential for Cyclical Uptick. We intend to focus on acquisition targets in sectors which exhibit positive secular growth or potential for near-term cyclical uptick. We plan to identify sectors that have demonstrated strong positive growth in recent years, possess drivers for continued growth and are strategically positioned to benefit from upswings in their respective industry cycles. 

Benefit from Being a Public Company. We intend to acquire one or more businesses that will benefit from being publicly-traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and the public profile that are associated with being a publicly-traded company. 

These criteria and guidelines are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant.
In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria
and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria and guidelines in our stockholder communications
related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in the initial public offering prospectus, would be in the form of proxy
solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ).
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (as amended on March 17, 2021, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prohibits us from effectuating a business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a shell company as defined under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely
of cash. 

On March 22, 2021, we consummated our initial
public offering (the initial public offering of 30,000,000 units (the units and, with respect to the shares
of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, included in the units sold, the public shares ). Each unit consists
of one share of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A common stock and one-fourth of one redeemable
warrant public warrant ), with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock
for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 300 million. We granted the underwriters
for the initial public offering a 45-day option to purchase up to 4,500,000 additional units to cover over-allotments, if any. On March
30, 2021, in connection with the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option, we consummated the sale of an additional
3,601,509 units at a price of 10.00 per unit and the sale of an additional 72,301 private placement units (as defined below) at a price
of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating total gross proceeds of 36,738,100. 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial
public offering, we completed the private sale (the private placement of an aggregate of 930,000 units (the private
placement units at a price of 10.00 per private placement unit in which Forum Investors IV LLC, our sponsor (the Sponsor ),
purchased 780,000 private placement units and Jefferies LLC purchased 150,000 private placement units, generating gross proceeds of 9,300,000.
In connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option on March 30, 2021, the Sponsor purchased an additional
54,022 private placement units and Jefferies LLC purchased an additional 18,008 private placement units. Each private placement unit consists
of one share of Class A common stock private placement share and one-fourth of one warrant (each, a private placement
warrant , and collectively with the public warrants, the warrants ). Each private placement warrant is exercisable
to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The private placement units
are identical to the units sold in the initial public offering except that (a) private placement units (including the underlying securities)
may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of
our initial business combination and (b) the private placement warrants, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or Jefferies LLC or their
permitted transferees, (i) will not be redeemable by us (subject to certain limited exceptions), (ii) may be exercised by the holders
on a cashless basis, (iii) will be entitled to registration rights and (iv) for so long as they are held by the underwriters, will not
be exercisable more than five years from the effective date of the registration statement of which the initial public offering prospectus
forms a part in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A). The holders will be permitted to transfer the private placement units held by
them to certain permitted transferees, including our and the underwriters officers and directors and other persons or entities
affiliated with or related to them, but the transferees receiving such securities will be subject to the same agreements with respect
to such securities as the Sponsor and Jefferies LLC. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical
to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in the initial public offering, including as to exercise price, exercisability
and exercise period. 

2 

Prior to the consummation of the initial public
offering, on January 15, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 8,625,000 shares of our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the
 founder shares or Class B common stock ), to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash.
Up to 1,125,000 founder shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment
option was exercised. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option on March 30, 2021,
a total of 224,623 founder shares were forfeited and 900,377 founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture, resulting in an aggregate
of 8,400,377 founder shares issued and outstanding. 

A total of 300,000,000, comprised of 296,000,000
of the proceeds from the initial public offering (which amount includes 10,500,000 of the underwriters deferred discount) and
 6,000,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the private placement units, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account (the trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. On March 30, 2021, in
connection with the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option, a total of 36,015,090 was deposited into the
trust account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the trust account to 336,015,090 (which amount includes 11,760,528 of the underwriters 
deferred discount). 

The funds held in the trust account are invested
in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
 Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7
of the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

As of December 31, 2022, there was 340,048,153 in investments and
cash held in the trust account, which includes interest income available to us for franchise and income tax obligations of approximately
 1,059,920. As of December 31, 2022, we have not withdrawn any interest earned from the trust account to pay taxes. 

Extension 

Our initial public offering
prospectus and amended and restated certificate of incorporation provided that we had until March 22, 2023 (the date which was 24 months
after the consummation of the initial public offering) to complete an initial business combination. As stated in the Current Report on
Form 8-K filed with SEC on March 9, 2023, we held a special meeting of stockholders and approved a proposal to amend (the Extension
Amendment our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date (the completion window , and any
extensions of that date pursuant to the Extension Amendment Proposal, an Extension by which we have to consummate a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
from March 22, 2023 (the Current Outside Date to April 22, 2023 or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors,
and such later date, the Extended Date, and to allow us, without another stockholder vote, to elect to extend the completion
window to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis up to seven times by an additional one month each time after the Extended
Date, by resolution of our board of directors, if requested by the Sponsor, and upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable
completion window, until November 22, 2023 (each, an Additional Charter Extension Date or a total of up to eight months
after the Current Outside Date, unless the closing of a business combination shall have occurred prior thereto (the Extension Amendment
Proposal ). In connection with the approval of the Extension, stockholders elected to redeem an aggregate of 27,240,210 public shares,
of which we paid cash from the trust account in the aggregate amount of approximately 276,640,526.86 (approximately 10.16 per share)
to redeeming stockholders. 

Extension Promissory
Note 

We agreed to deposit
from our working capital account into the trust account, for each such Additional Charter Extension Date, the lesser of (a) 175,000
or (b) 0.05 for each public share then outstanding, which we agreed to deposit into the trust account at the beginning of each month
(the Monthly Deposit ), for an aggregate deposit of up to the lesser of (a) 1,225,000 or (b) 0.05 for each public share
then outstanding (if all additional extensions are exercised) (the Extension Deposits ). In the event our working capital
account has been depleted, the Sponsor, or one or more of its affiliates, members of third party designees (collectively, the Lender ))
agreed to lend us the Monthly Deposit in the form of a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note (the Note ),
which we agreed to deposit into the trust account. If we complete a business combination and have borrowed money from the Lender under
the Note, we will, at the option of the Lender, repay the amounts loaned under the Note or convert a portion or all of the amounts loaned
under such Note into units of the post-business combination entity at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the Lender, which
units will be identical to the private placement units. Additionally, if we do not complete a business combination by the Extended Date
(or Additional Charter Extension Date, if applicable), and a Note has been issued to us by the Lender, such Note will be repaid only
from funds held outside of the trust account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. If the Sponsor designates a third
party as Lender, we may negotiate with the Lender and vary the terms of the Note and its conversion, issue securities and pay certain
fees to the Lender in connection with the Note. In the event our working capital account has been depleted, the Lender agreed to lend
us the Monthly Deposit in the form of the Note, which we shall deposit into the trust account. 

3 

Letter of Intent 

As disclosed in a Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, we have entered into a letter of intent
with a target (the LOI Target that is non-binding with respect to all its material terms, except with respect to provisions
regarding a limited period of exclusivity. We are currently in discussions with the LOI Target to extend the limited period of
exclusivity in the letter of intent. The LOI Target is a profitable and growing company in the online
gaming industry, providing its customers with an expansive portfolio of digital gaming products and services. Subject to completion of
its related audit, for the calendar year ended December 31, 2022, the LOI Target expects adjusted revenue in excess of 300 million and
expects adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 30 . The LOI Target also expects strong free cash flow conversion for fiscal year 2023
substantially in excess of 2022 levels. The execution and negotiation of a definitive business combination agreement is subject to several
conditions, including the completion of due diligence, securing certain concurrent financing and negotiation and preparation of related
definitive documentation. We cannot assure stockholders that it will be able to enter into a definitive business combination agreement
with the LOI Target on terms acceptable to us or the LOI Target prior to the Extended Date. In the event we and the LOI Target enter into
a business combination agreement and related definitive documents, we can also not provide any assurance that the business combination
agreement will be consummated prior to the Extended Date. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not
engage in, any operations until the consummation of our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination
using cash held in the trust account, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (including
pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued
to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business
combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject
us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination is paid for
using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in
connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the
cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the
post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination,
to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

Selection of a target business and structuring
of our initial business combination 

The listing rules of The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation require that we must complete one or more business combinations
having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection
with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business
combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination
target, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation or
appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be
able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it
is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the
value of a target s assets or prospects. In addition, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved
by a majority of our independent directors. 

4 

We anticipate structuring our initial business
combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire
100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company
owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management
team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination
may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the
initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange
for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However,
as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination
could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity
interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business
or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of the 80 of net assets test described above.
If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate
value of all of the target businesses. 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we
expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document
reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that
will be made available to us. We will also utilize our operational and capital allocation experience in evaluating each prospective business
combination. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a business that is affiliated with our Sponsor or our officers or directors or completing the business combination
through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our
initial business combination with a business that is affiliated (as defined in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation)
with our Sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm that is a member of FINRA another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions stating that the consideration
to be paid by us in such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

5 

Our officers and directors indirectly own founder
shares and/or private placement units. Because of this ownership, our Sponsor and our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest
in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination.
Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination
if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement
with respect to our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may
have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required
to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business
combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such
entity. Our directors and officers are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have
conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations
and monitoring the related due diligence. In addition, our officers or directors may be investors, or have other direct or indirect interests,
in a business with which we may enter into a business combination agreement and/or in certain funds or other persons that may purchase
shares of our Class A common stock in the public market. In addition, our Sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other
special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we
are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest
in pursuing an initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest
in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in
his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to
undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity
to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Amendments to Facilitate the Consummation
of an Initial Business Combination 

On March 7, 2023, we
held a special meeting of stockholders and approved four proposals to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that
will facilitate the consummation of an initial business combination. 

The first amendment extended
the date by which we have to consummate an initial business combination from March 22, 2023 to April 22, 2023 or such earlier date
as determined by our board of directors, and to allow us, without another stockholder vote, to elect to extend the completion window to
consummate a business combination on a monthly basis up to seven times by an additional one month each time after the Extended Date, by
resolution of our board of directors, if requested by the Sponsor, and upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable completion
window, until November 22, 2023 or a total of up to eight months after the Current Outside Date, unless the closing of a business combination
shall have occurred prior thereto. The purpose of the Extension Amendment is to allow us sufficient time to complete its initial business
combination. 

The second amendment (the
 Founder Share Amendment provided holders of Class B common stock the right to convert any and all their Class B
common stock into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis prior to the closing of a business combination at the election
of the holder . The purpose of the Founder Share Amendment is to allow
us to convert the founder shares at any point in time prior to the business combination and give us further flexibility to retain stockholders
and meet Nasdaq continued listing requirements following any stockholder redemptions. 

The third amendment (the Redemption Limitation
Amendment deleted the limitation that we shall not redeem public shares that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than
 5,000,001 following such redemptions. The purpose of the Redemption Limitation Amendment is to eliminate the requirement that we have
at least 5,000,001 in tangible net assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) under the Exchange Act)
in order to consummate the business combination. 

The
fourth amendment (the Liquidation Amendment permitted our board of directors, in its sole discretion, to elect to wind
up our operations on an earlier date than the Extended Date (including prior to the Current Outside Date or an Additional Charter Extension
Date, as applicable) as determined by our board of directors and included in a public announcement. The purpose of the Liquidation Amendment
is to enable our board of directors, in its sole discretion, to liquidate the trust account and dissolve in accordance with applicable
law and to redeem all public shares on a specified date following the filing of the amendment to the amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and prior to the Extended Date (or Additional Charter Extension
Date, if applicable) (including a date prior to the Current Outside Date), after taking into account various factors, including, but not
limited to, the prospect of identifying a target and negotiating and consummating a business combination prior to the Extended Date (or
Additional Charter Extension Date, if applicable), as well as the planned implementation of the Excise Tax (as defined herein) beginning
in 2023. 

Redemption rights for holders of public
shares upon consummation of the initial business combination 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection
with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) without a stockholder vote by means of a tender
offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer
will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether
the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements.
Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with
our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would typically require stockholder approval. So long as we obtain and maintain
a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq s stockholder approval rules. 

6 

If we provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with a stockholder meeting, we will: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if a majority of the then outstanding shares of common stock present and entitled to vote at the
meeting to approve the initial business combination when a quorum is present are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A
quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the Company
representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting.
Our initial stockholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our Sponsor, officers and directors have
agreed to vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any public shares acquired by them during or after our
initial public offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination.
For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the
approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements
of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder
may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a
stockholder on the record date for the stockholder meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior
to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. The amount in the trust account is approximately 10.11 per public share as of December 31, 2022. The per-share amount
we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will
pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to
validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to
our warrants. 

Our proposed initial business combination may
impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or
other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration
we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required
to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available
to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business combination,
and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds
through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business
combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of the
initial public offering, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

Conduct of redemptions pursuant to tender
offer rules 

If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: (a) conduct the redemptions pursuant
to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and (b) file tender offer documents with the
SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the
initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation
of proxies. 

Submission of our initial business combination
to a stockholder vote 

In the event that we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders
with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the business combination. 

7 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated
transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit
on the number of shares or warrants our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions,
subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in
such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they
will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the
seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. In the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers,
advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to
exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling stockholders would
be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We
do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange
Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at
the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. We expect that
any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject
to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants
in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

The purpose of any such purchases of shares could
be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval
of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would
otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding
or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrantholders for approval in connection with our initial business combination.
Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been
possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A common stock or warrants may
be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the
quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion
of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial
public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. Such restriction will also be applicable
to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts
by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business combination as a means to
force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable
terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering
could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium
to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 
of the shares sold in the initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of
stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with
an initial business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for
or against our initial business combination. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if no Initial Business Combination 

Our amendment to the amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we will have until April 22, 2023, or the Extended Date, if applicable, to complete our initial business
combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by April 22, 2023, or the Extended Date, if applicable, we
will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject
in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete
our initial business combination by April 22, 2023, or the Extended Date, if applicable. 

8 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our initial business combination, we may encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to
ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic
business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess similar or greater financial, technical, human and other resources
than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation
gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in
connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial
business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by
certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business
combination. 

Employees 

We currently have two officers, Marshall Kiev
and David Boris, our Co-Chief Executive Officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters,
but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination.
The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial
business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees
prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We are required to file Annual Reports on Form
10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events in a Current
Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website is located at www.sec.gov. In addition, the
Company will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request from us in writing at 1615 South Congress Avenue, Suite 103,
Delray Beach, Florida or by telephone at (212) 739-7860. 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents sent to stockholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance
with, or reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), or international
financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances
and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets
we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose
such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.
We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial
statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its
financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not
be able to acquire the proposed target business. 

We are required to evaluate our internal control
procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ).
Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company,
will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve
compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the initial public offering,
(b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer,
which means the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds
 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during
such completed fiscal year or the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end
of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

9 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

An investment in our securities involves a
high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in
this Form 10-K, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition
and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you
could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risk Factor Summary 

We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination by April 22, 2023, or the Extended Date, if applicable, may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating an initial business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination by April 22, 2023, or the Extended Date, if applicable, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed initial business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock. 

10 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least until April 22, 2023, or the Extended Date, if applicable, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

Past performance by our management team and their affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. 

11 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

We may engage in an initial business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

Since our Sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 

A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us in connection with redemptions by us of our shares or our liquidation. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete a business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. To mitigate the risk of that result, on or prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement relating to our initial public offering , we will instruct Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and instead hold all funds in the trust account in an interest-bearing bank deposit account. 

Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, including
events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions, could adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations, or our prospects. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s
 report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

12 

Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability
to Consummate, a Business Combination 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even
though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to
approve our initial business combination if the initial business combination would not require stockholder approval under applicable law
or stock exchange listing requirement. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, the decision as to whether
we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in
a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial
business combination even if holders of a majority of our common stock do not approve of the initial business combination we complete. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment
decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

At the time of your investment in us, you will
not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since our board of directors
may complete an initial business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity
to vote on the initial business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment
decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which
will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our
initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless
of how our public stockholders vote. 

Pursuant to the letter agreement, our Sponsor,
officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any public shares they may
acquire during or after the initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial
business combination. Our initial stockholders own shares representing 58.58 of our outstanding shares of common stock (not including
the shares of Class A common stock underlying the private placement units). Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination, the agreement by our initial stockholders to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the
likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial business combination. 

13 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise
redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or
optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our
initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to
structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business
combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have
a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or
arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected,
we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing.
Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable
levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B common stock result in
the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock at the time of the consummation
of our business combination. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available
to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted
for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders
who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions,
the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the full deferred underwriting commissions. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise
redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would
be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

If our initial business combination agreement
requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash
at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination
is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in
need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount
to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose
the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. 

The requirement that we complete our initial
business combination by April 22, 2023, or the Extended Date, if applicable, may give potential target businesses leverage over us in
negotiating an initial business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination
targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination
on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter
into negotiations concerning an initial business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination by April
22, 2023, or the Extended Date, if applicable. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating an initial
business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may
be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe
described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on
terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

14 

Our search for a business combination, and
any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus
(COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus
was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout China and other parts of the world, including
the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public
Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared
a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020
the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic. The COVID-19 outbreak has and a significant outbreak
of other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets
worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely
affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continues to restrict
travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers
are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business
combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may
emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed
by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination,
or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction
may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a
result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us
or at all. 

Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may also have
the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market
for our securities and cross-border transactions. 

We may not be able to complete our initial
business combination by April 22, 2023, or the Extended Date, if applicable, in which case we would cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may receive only 10.00
per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we must complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the initial public offering. We may
not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our ability to complete
our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and
the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the
extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business
combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable
on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. 

If we have not completed our initial business
combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than 10.00 per share, on the
redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share 
and other risk factors herein. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public
stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed initial business combination and reduce the public float of our Class
A common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants or a combination thereof
in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination,
although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions
and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase
public shares or public warrants in such transactions. 

15 

In the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers,
advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to
exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling stockholders would
be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. The
price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive if it elected
to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in
favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business
combination, or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met.
The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants
on any matters submitted to the warrantholders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of
our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. We expect that
any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject
to such reporting requirements. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our Class A common stock or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced,
possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of
our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for
tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender
offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with
these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such stockholder may not
become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will
furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that
must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit public shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public
stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer
agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy
materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the date on which the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business
combination is to be held. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public
stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business
days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The redemption rights will also include the
requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. In the event that a stockholder fails
to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally
afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of the initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement units are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business
that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However,
because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance
sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as
Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units
will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject
to Rule 419. Moreover, if the initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned
on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion
of an initial business combination. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant
competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on our
redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter competition from other
entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and
entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies
operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other
resources or more industry knowledge than we do, and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of
many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of
the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain
target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others
an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares
the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a stockholder vote or via
a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination.
Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating and completing an initial business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share
on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may
receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the
trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and
other risk factors herein. 

16 

If the net proceeds of the initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement units not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least until
April 22, 2023, or the Extended Date, if applicable, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses
and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor or management team to fund our search and
to complete our initial business combination. 

Of the net proceeds of the initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement units, only 1,850,000 were available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working
capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account are sufficient to allow us to operate for
at least until April 22, 2023, or the Extended Date, if applicable; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the
funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for
a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision
in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with
other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed initial business
combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we
paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result
of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a
target business. 

If we are required to seek additional capital,
we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. None
of our Sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances.
Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial
business combination. Up to 1,200,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent units at a price
of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek
loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such
funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to obtain these loans,
we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we
do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our
public stockholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our
warrants will expire worthless. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be
reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the
proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00
per share. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may
not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective
target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such
agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including,
but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the
enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds
held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account,
our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that
has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us
than any alternative. The underwriters of the initial public offering will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies
held in the trust account. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them
and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses
that we might pursue. 

17 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage
a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills
are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases
where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities
will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements
with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to
complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with
our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought
against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could
be less than the 10.00 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement,
the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which the initial public offering prospectus forms a part, our
Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold
to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement
or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share
and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less
than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will
not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held
in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked
our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds
to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot
assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against
the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public
share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share
in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties
including, without limitation claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the
indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public stockholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of
the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,
less taxes payable, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification
obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor
to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf
against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their
business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of
such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors
determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations,
the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the
trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive
damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust
account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty
to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims
of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. 

Changes in the market for directors and officers
liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

In recent months, the market for directors and
officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for
directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies
have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. 

The increased cost and decreased availability
of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business
combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company,
the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to
obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability
to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

18 

In addition, even after we were to complete an
initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct
alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business
combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need
for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability
to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the
trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount
that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust
account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy
estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims
deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation
may be reduced. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under
the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome
requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and compliance other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 

In order not to be regulated as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business
other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding
or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities
and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete an initial business combination and thereafter
to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale
or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal
activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in
United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity
of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in
other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted
at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or
private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company
Act. The initial public offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment
securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial
business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the initial public offering or (B) with respect
to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii) absent
an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the initial public offering, our return of the funds held in the
trust account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed
above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance
with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability
to complete an initial business combination or may result in our liquidation. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will
expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See -
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

19 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any
laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination
and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements.
Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations
and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our
business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted
and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination and results of operations. 

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims
by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

Under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the
 DGCL ), stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions
received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption
of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by April 22, 2023, or the Extended Date, if applicable,
may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section
280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during
which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims
brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders
with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount
distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However,
it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 24th month from the closing of the initial
public offering in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing
procedures. 

Because we will not be complying with Section
280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment
of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution.
However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective
target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or
prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with
respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed
to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot
assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially
be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend
beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders
upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by April 22, 2023, or the Extended
Date, if applicable, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be
unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently
unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the
unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders
until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq.
Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors
in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting
of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance
with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior
to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the
Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

20 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating
a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial
business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

We may pursue business combination opportunities
in any industry or geographic region, except that we will not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, be permitted
to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we
have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate
the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial
condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the
business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development
stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot
assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete
due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances
that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove
to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly,
any stockholders or warrantholders who choose to remain stockholders or warrantholders following our initial business combination could
suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrantholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
in industries or sectors which may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We will consider an initial business combination
outside of our management s areas of expertise if an initial business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine
that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our company or we are unable to identify a suitable candidate
in these areas of expertise after having expanded a reasonable amount of time and effort in an attempt to do so. Although our management
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately
prove to be less favorable to investors in the initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in
an initial business combination candidate. 

Although we have identified general criteria
and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified general criteria and
guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business
combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not
meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does
meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does
not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it
difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements,
or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder
approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00
per share upon our liquidation. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be
reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

21 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent
source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial business combination
with an affiliated entity or our board cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we are
not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent valuation
or appraisal firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders
will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted
by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
related to our initial business combination. 

The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable
for a security other than the shares of Class A common stock, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this
time. 

In certain situations, including if we are not
the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the shares of
Class A common stock. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you
may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving
company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within
fifteen business days of the closing of an initial business combination. 

We may issue additional common stock or preferred
stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination.
We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at
the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 10,000,000 shares of Class B
common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. After the initial public
offering, there were 56,745,576 and 1,599,623 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively,
available for issuance, which amount takes into account the shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding
warrants but not the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of Class B common stock. Immediately after the consummation
of the initial public offering, there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Shares of Class B common stock are convertible
into shares of our Class A common stock initially at a one-for-one ratio. 

We may issue a substantial number of additional
shares of Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock in connection with the redemption
of our warrants or shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the
time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein. However, our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional
shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares
(a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (x)
extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of the initial public offering or (y) amend
the foregoing provisions. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

The issuance of additional shares of common or
preferred stock: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the initial public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

22 

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants. 

Resources could be wasted in researching business
combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another
business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00
per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific
target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide not to
complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be
recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business
combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs
incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00
per share upon our liquidation. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be
reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition
companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets.
This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate
an initial business combination. 

Recently, the number of special purpose acquisition
companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already
entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for an initial
public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available
to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter
into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business
models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer
for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital
needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise
complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate
an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

We may engage in an initial business combination
with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors
or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, officers
and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors.
Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under the section
of the initial public offering prospectus entitled Management -Conflicts of Interest. In addition, our Sponsor and
our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business
or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments
may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential
conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business
combination opportunities. Our Sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete
our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning
an initial business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any
transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria
and guidelines for an initial business combination as set forth in the section of the initial public offering prospectus entitled Proposed
Business -Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination and such transaction was approved
by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that
is a member of FINRA, or from an independent valuation or appraisal firm, regarding the fairness to our stockholders from a financial
point of view of an initial business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, officers
or directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the initial business combination may not
be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

23 

Since our Sponsor, officers and directors will
lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining
whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On January 28, 2021, our Sponsor purchased an
aggregate of 8,625,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. As a result of the
underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option on March 30, 2021, a total of 224,623 founder shares were
forfeited and 900,377 founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture, resulting in an aggregate of 8,400,377 founder shares issued
and outstanding. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the Sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible.
The purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the number of founder
shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor and
Jefferies LLC purchased an aggregate of 1,002,030 units at a price of 10.00 per unit, consisting of 834,022 units by our Sponsor and
168,008 units by the Jefferies LLC for an aggregate purchase price of 10,020,300, or 10.00 per unit, that will also worthless if we
do not complete an initial business combination. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them
in favor of any proposed initial business combination and (B) not to redeem any founder shares or private placement shares held by them
in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or in connection with a tender offer. In addition,
we may obtain loans from our Sponsor, affiliates of our Sponsor or an officer or director. The personal and financial interests of our
officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial
business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more
acute as the 24-month anniversary of the closing of the initial public offering nears, which is the deadline for our completion of an
initial business combination. 

On March 7, 2023, we
held a special meeting of stockholders and approved the Extension Amendment to extend the date by which we have to consummate an initial
business combination from March 22, 2023 to April 22, 2023 or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors and to allow us,
without another stockholder vote, to elect to extend the completion window to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis up
to seven times by an additional one month each time after the Extended Date, by resolution of our board of directors, if requested by
the Sponsor, and upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable completion window, until November 22, 2023 or a total of
up to eight months after the Current Outside Date, unless the closing of a business combination shall have occurred prior thereto. In
connection with the Extension, we agreed to deposit from our working capital account into the trust account, for each such Additional
Charter Extension Date, the lesser of (a) 175,000 or (b) 0.05 for each public share then outstanding, which we agreed to deposit into
the trust account at the beginning of each month, for an aggregate deposit of up to the lesser of (a) 1,225,000 or (b) 0.05 for each
public share then outstanding (if all additional extensions are exercised). In the event our working capital account has been depleted,
the Lender agreed to lend us the Monthly Deposit in the form of a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note, which we agreed
to deposit into the trust account. If we complete a business combination and have borrowed money from the Lender under the Note, we will,
at the option of the Lender, repay the amounts loaned under the Note or convert a portion or all of the amounts loaned under such Note
into units of the post-business combination entity at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the Lender, which units will be
identical to the private placement units. Additionally, if we do not complete a business combination by the Extended Date (or Additional
Charter Extension Date, if applicable), and a Note has been issued to us by the Lender, such Note will be repaid only from funds held
outside of the trust account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. If the Sponsor designates a third party as Lender,
we may negotiate with the Lender and vary the terms of the Note and its conversion, issue securities and pay certain fees to the Lender
in connection with the Note. In the event our working capital account has been depleted, the Lender agreed to lend us the Monthly Deposit
in the form of the Note, which we shall deposit into the trust account. 

We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete an initial business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial
condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments as of the date
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following the initial
public offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that we will not
incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the
monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust
account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; 

24 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; 

and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We may only be able to complete one business
combination with the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, which will cause us to be solely
dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of services and limited operating activities. This lack of diversification
may negatively impact our operating results and profitability. 

Of the net proceeds from the initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement units, approximately 52,842,245 is available to complete our initial business combination and pay
related fees and expenses (which includes 11,760,528 for the payment of deferred underwriting commissions). 

We may effectuate our initial business combination
with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able
to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence
of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating
results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial
business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory
developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting
of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different
areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to
numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry
in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business
combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise
to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several
businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent
on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete
our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens
and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional
risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating
business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our initial business
combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in an initial business combination with
a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our initial business combination strategy,
we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists
about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on
the basis of limited information, which may result in an initial business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected,
if at all. 

25 

We may seek acquisition opportunities with
an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could
subject us to volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. 

To the extent we complete our initial business
combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings,
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in
a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition
and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not
have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability
to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete an initial business combination with which
a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even
though a substantial majority of our public stockholders or warrantholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares
or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our
Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay
for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant
to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the
initial business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the
holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

In order to effectuate an initial business
combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments,
including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our stockholders
or warrantholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination,
blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including
their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption
thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant
agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation to extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of the initial public
offering requires the approval of holders of a majority of our common stock entitled to vote thereon and amending other such provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires the approval of holders of at least 65 of our common stock, and amending
our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment
to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants,
50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
requires us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our
public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the initial public offering
or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity.
To the extent any such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any securities offered through this registration
statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not
seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate
our initial business combination. 

26 

We have amended our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to extend the time we have to consummate our initial business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of the initial
public offering which was approved by a majority of the then outstanding shares of common stock present and entitled to vote at the meeting
to approve such amendment when a quorum is present. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that any of its
other provisions related to pre-initial business combination activity (and the corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the
release of funds from our trust account), including an amendment to permit us to withdraw funds from the trust account such that the per
share amount investors will receive upon any redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated, may be amended with the
approval of holders of at least 65 of our common stock, which are lower amendment thresholds than that of some other blank check companies.
It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate
the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we may amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the time we have to consummate our initial
business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of the initial public offering if such amendment is approved by a majority of the
then outstanding shares of common stock present and entitled to vote at the meeting to approve such amendment when a quorum is present.
Our initial public offering prospectus and amended and restated certificate of incorporation provided that we had until March 22, 2023
(the date which was 24 months after the consummation of the initial public offering) to complete an initial business combination. As stated
in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with SEC on March 9, 2023, we held a special meeting of stockholders and approved the Extension
Amendment to extend the date by which we have to consummate an initial business combination from March 22, 2023 to April 22, 2023 or such
earlier date as determined by our board of directors and to allow us, without another stockholder vote, to elect to extend the completion
window to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis up to seven times by an additional one month each time after the Extended
Date, by resolution of our board of directors, if requested by the Sponsor, and upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable
completion window, until November 22, 2023 or a total of up to eight months after the Current Outside Date, unless the closing of a business
combination shall have occurred prior thereto. In connection with the approval of the Extension, stockholders elected to redeem an aggregate
of 27,240,210 public shares, of which we paid cash from the trust account in the aggregate amount of approximately 276,640,526.86 (approximately
 10.16 per share) to redeeming stockholders. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
also provides that any of its other provisions related to pre-initial business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit
proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units into the trust account and not release such amounts
except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein and including to permit
us to withdraw funds from the trust account such that the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption or liquidation is
substantially reduced or eliminated) may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon,
and the corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved
by holders of at least 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable
provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. We may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to
(i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b)
to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business
combination beyond 24 months from the closing of the initial public offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. Our initial stockholders,
who will collectively beneficially own 20 of our common stock upon the closing of the initial public offering (not including the shares
of Class A common stock underlying the private placement units and assuming they do not purchase any units in the initial public offering),
may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion
to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
which govern our pre-initial business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our
ability to complete an initial business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any
breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed,
pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of the initial public offering or (ii) with respect to any other material provisions relating
to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest will be net of taxes payable) divided by the
number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in a letter agreement that we have entered into with our Sponsor,
officers and directors. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will
not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in
the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

27 

Certain agreements related to the initial public
offering may be amended without stockholder approval. 

Each of the agreements related to the initial
public offering to which we are a party, other than the warrant agreement and the investment management trust agreement, may be amended
without stockholder approval. Such agreements are: the underwriting agreement; the letter agreement among us and our initial stockholders,
Sponsor, officers and directors; the registration rights agreement among us, our initial stockholders and the underwriters; the private
placement units purchase agreements among us, our Sponsor and Jefferies LLC; and the administrative services agreement among us and an
affiliate of our Sponsor. These agreements contain various provisions that our public stockholders might deem to be material. For example,
our letter agreement and the underwriting agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect to the founder shares, private placement
warrants and other securities held by our Sponsor, officers and directors. Amendments to such agreements would require the consent of
the applicable parties thereto and would need to be approved by our board of directors, which may do so for a variety of reasons, including
to facilitate our initial business combination. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these
agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment
and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement. Any amendment entered into in connection
with the consummation of our initial business combination will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
related to such initial business combination, and any other material amendment to any of our material agreements will be disclosed in
a filing with the SEC. Any such amendments would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial
business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities.
For example, amendments to the lock-up provision discussed above may result in our initial stockholders selling their securities earlier
than they would otherwise be permitted, which may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular business combination. 

We have not selected any specific business combination
target, but intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale
of the private placement units. As a result, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business
combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional
financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure
the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, the amount
of additional financing we may be required to obtain could increase as a result of future growth capital needs for any particular transaction,
the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number
of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination and/or the terms of negotiated transactions
to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete
our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to
secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of
our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share
on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may
receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the
trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and
other risk factors herein. 

Our initial stockholders may exert a substantial
influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Upon the closing of the initial public offering,
our initial stockholders owned shares representing 21.9 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (including the shares of
Class A common stock underlying the private placement units and assuming they do not purchase any units in the initial public offering).
Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support,
including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial
stockholders purchase any units in the initial public offering or if our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of common
stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered
in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition,
our board of directors, whose members were elected by our initial stockholders, is and will be divided into two classes, each of which
will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting
of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors
will continue in office until at least the completion of the initial business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence
of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial
stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders
will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make
it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue
additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial
business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent
more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the
date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share,
then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent)to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and
the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the
higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an
initial business combination with a target business. 

28 

Because we must furnish our stockholders with
target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with
some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement
with respect to a vote on an initial business combination include historical and pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include
the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender
offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending
on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable
to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies
may cause a target business s ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all
revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if
any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate
and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency
against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business
combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior
to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may
make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

After our initial business combination, our
results of operations and prospects could be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political, social and government policies,
developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions,
as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be
uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future
such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in
certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find
an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination,
the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December
31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging
growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal
control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our initial
business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls.
The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and
costs necessary to complete any such business combination. 

Adverse developments affecting the financial
services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions, could adversely
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or our prospects. 

The funds in our operating account and our trust
account are held in banks or other financial institutions. Our cash held in non-interest bearing and interest-bearing accounts would exceed
any applicable Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. Should events, including limited liquidity,
defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments occur with respect to the banks or other financial institutions that hold our
funds, or that affect financial institutions or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these
kinds or other similar risks, our liquidity may be adversely affected. For example, on March 10, 2023, the FDIC announced that Silicon
Valley Bank had been closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation. Although we did not have any funds in Silicon
Valley Bank or other institutions that have been closed, we cannot guarantee that the banks or other financial institutions that hold
our funds will not experience similar issues. 

In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S.
or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs
and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more
difficult for us to acquire financing on terms favorable to us in connection with a potential business combination, or at all, and could
have material adverse impacts on our liquidity, our business, financial condition or results of operations, and our prospects. Our business
may be adversely impacted by these developments in ways that we cannot predict at this time, there may be additional risks that we have
not yet identified, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to avoid negative consequences directly or indirectly from any failure
of one or more banks or other financial institutions. 

29 

Risks Relating to the Post Business Combination
Company 

Subsequent to the completion of our initial
business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have
a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some
or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on
a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present
with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence,
or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be
forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in
our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known
risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and
not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions
about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be
subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially
finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrantholders who choose to remain stockholders
or warrantholders following the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders
or warrantholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Our management may not be able to maintain
control of a target business after our initial business combination. 

We may structure an initial business combination
so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets
of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for
us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that
does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders
prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending
on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we
issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In
this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares
of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common
stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a
single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it
more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon
loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate
such business. 

We may have a limited ability to assess the
management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose
management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting
our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may
be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management,
therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target
business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and
profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrantholders who choose
to remain stockholders or warrantholders following the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such stockholders or warrantholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim
that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they
are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

30 

Risks Relating to Acquiring and Operating a
Business in Foreign Countries 

If we effect our initial business combination
with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that
may negatively impact our operations. 

If we effect our initial business combination
with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks
associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

higher costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

tax issues, including but not limited to tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars, including the conflict in Ukraine and the surrounding region; 

deterioration of political relations with the United States; and 

government appropriations of assets. 

We may not be able to adequately address these
additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial
condition. 

31 

After our initial business combination, substantially
all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue will be derived from our operations in such
country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and
legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions,
as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be
uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future
such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in
certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find
an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination,
the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

We are currently operating in a period of economic
uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical instability due to the ongoing military
conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected
by any negative impact on the global economy and capital markets resulting from the conflict in Ukraine or any other geopolitical tensions. 

Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions
could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets, potentially
making it more difficult for us to obtain additional funds. 

Any of the above mentioned factors could affect
our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting
market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial. Any such disruptions may also magnify the impact of other risks
described in this Form 10-K. 

Risks Relating to Our Sponsor and Management
Team 

We are dependent upon our executive officers
and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively
small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued
service of our directors and officers, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. We do not have an employment
agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more
of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our
post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however,
cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory
positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain
in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you
that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating
a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.
In addition, the officers and directors of an initial business combination candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business
combination. The departure of an initial business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and
profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an initial business combination candidate s key personnel upon the completion
of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an initial business
combination candidate s management team will remain associated with the initial business combination candidate following our initial
business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an initial business combination candidate will not wish to remain
in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

32 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination
may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation
following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular
business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with the
company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements
in connection with the initial business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the initial
business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities
for services they would render to us after the completion of the initial business combination. Such negotiations also could make such
key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals
may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. 

Our officers and directors will allocate their
time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This
conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors are not required to,
and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations
and our search for an initial business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior
to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in other business endeavors for which he may be
entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs.
Our independent directors may also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our officers and directors 
other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels,
it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business
combination. 

Certain of our officers and directors are now,
and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted
by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business
opportunity should be presented. 

Following the completion of the initial public
offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with
one or more businesses. Our Sponsor and officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating
companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business. 

Our officers and directors also may become aware
of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or
contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity
prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate
opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity
as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would
otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without
violating another legal obligation. 

In addition, our Sponsor and our officers and
directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures
during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional
conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would
materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

33 

Our officers, directors, security holders and
their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment
to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into an initial
business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, directors or officers, although we do not intend to do
so. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the
types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

Risks Relating to our Securities 

You will not have any rights or interests in
funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to
sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the occurrence of each of the following: (i) our completion of an initial business combination,
and then only in connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the
limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the initial public offering or (B)
with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and
(iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of the initial public offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if we are unable to complete an
initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the initial public offering for any reason, compliance with Delaware
law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds
held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of the initial public
offering before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest
of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to
the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading
on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

Our units are listed on Nasdaq and the shares
of our Class A common stock and warrants are separately listed on Nasdaq. Although we meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial
listing standards set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq
in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial
business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount
in stockholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders).
Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial
listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the
listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our stockholders 
equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders of
our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading
on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be
quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

34 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act
of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
to as covered securities. Because we expect that our units and eventually our Class A common stock and warrants will be
listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A common stock and warrants will qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states
are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there
is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities
in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued
by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and
might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further,
if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject
to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 
of our Class A common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial
public offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting
our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and
you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will
not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result,
you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your
stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Members of our management team and board of
directors have significant experience as founders, board members, officers or executives of other companies. As a result, certain of those
persons have been, may be, or may become, involved in proceedings, investigations and litigation relating to the business affairs of the
companies with which they were, are, or may in the future be, affiliated. This may have an adverse effect on us, which may impede our
ability to consummate an initial business combination. 

During the course of their careers, members of
our management team and board of directors have had significant experience as founders, board members, officers or executives of other
companies. As a result of their involvement and positions in these companies, certain persons were, are now, or may in the future become,
involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings relating to the business affairs of such companies or transactions entered
into by such companies. Any such litigation, investigations or other proceedings may divert our management team s and board s
attention and resources away from identifying and selecting a target business or businesses for our initial business combination and may
negatively affect our reputation, which may impede our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

35 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These
provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series
of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve
payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions
under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more
difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a
manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public
warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the warrants could be converted into cash or stock, the
exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased,
all without your approval. 

Our warrants are issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that
the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or to correct any defective
provision or mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and
the warrant agreement set forth in the initial public offering prospectus, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of
the then outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of
the public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least
50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants
with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments
to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock, shorten the exercise period
or decrease the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to
applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State
of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions
of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim
for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions
in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement,
is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
(a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the
personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such
court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant
holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant
holder. 

36 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant
holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage
such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect
to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters
in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result
in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants of no value to you. 

We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants
at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price
of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise
or the exercise price of a warrant for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the
date on which we send notice of such redemption to the warrant holders and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the
warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities
for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are
otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay
the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market
price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding
warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. 

In addition, we have the ability to redeem the
outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon
a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds
 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any
20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided
that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number
of shares of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our shares of Class A common stock.
The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised
their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the
warrants, including because the number of shares of Class A common stock received is capped at 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per
warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. 

None of the private placement warrants will be
redeemable by us (except in limited circumstances) so long as they are held by our Sponsor or the underwriters or their permitted transferees. 

The grant of registration rights to our initial
stockholders and the underwriters may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of
such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently
with the issuance and sale of the securities in the initial public offering, our initial stockholders and the underwriters and their permitted
transferees can demand that we register the resale of the private placement units, the private placement shares, the private placement
warrants, the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the founder shares and exercise of the private placement warrants
held, or to be held, by them and holders of securities that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we
register the resale of such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering
these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have
an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our
initial business combination more costly or difficult to complete. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase
the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price
of our Class A common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders, the underwriters or holders of working
capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered for resale. 

37 

Our warrants and founder shares may have an
adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued warrants to purchase 8,400,377 shares
of our Class A common stock as part of the units offered by the initial public offering prospectus and, simultaneously with the closing
of the initial public offering, we issued private placement units, which consist of (i) an aggregate of 1,002,030 private placement shares
and (ii) private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 250,507 shares of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, subject to
adjustments as provided herein. The founder shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject
to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our Sponsor or its affiliates, or any of our officers or directors, makes any working
capital loans, up to 1,200,000 of such loans may be converted into private placement-equivalent units at a price of 10.00 per unit at
the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the private placement units, including as to exercise price, exercisability
and exercise period of the underlying warrants. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock in connection with our redemption of
warrants. 

To the extent we issue shares of Class A common
stock to effectuate an initial business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class
A common stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive business combination vehicle to a
target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and reduce the
value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete the initial business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares
may make it more difficult to effectuate an initial business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

The private placement warrants are identical to
the warrants sold as part of the units in the initial public offering except that, so long as they are held by our Sponsor or the underwriters
or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants (i) will not be redeemable by us (except in limited circumstances), (ii)
may not (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised by the
holders on a cashless basis, (iv) will be entitled to registration rights and (v) for so long as they are held by the underwriters, will
not be exercisable more than five years from the effective date of the registration statement of which the initial public offering prospectus
forms a part in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8)(A). 

Because each unit contains one-fourth of one
warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other special purpose acquisition companies. 

Each unit contains one-fourth of one warrant.
Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade.
If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round
down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from
other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established
the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination
since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-fourth of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole
warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this
unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

General Risk Factors 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, we have
determined that if the Company is unable to complete a business combination by April 22, 2023, or the Extended Date, if applicable, then
the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere
in this Form 10-K do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern. 

Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in
value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 

Included on our balance sheet as of December 31,
2022 are derivative liabilities related to embedded features contained within our warrants. Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ), provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each
balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the
statement of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our consolidated financial statements and results of operations
may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors, which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that
we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be
material. 

38 

A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could
be imposed on us in connection with redemptions by us of our shares or our liquidation. 

On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed
into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which, among other things, imposes a new 1 U.S. federal excise tax on certain
repurchases of stock by covered corporations (which include publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations) beginning
in 2023, with certain exceptions (the Excise Tax ). The Excise Tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not
its stockholders from which the stock is repurchased. Because we are a Delaware corporation and our securities are trading on Nasdaq,
we are a covered corporation for this purpose. The amount of the Excise Tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of
the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the Excise Tax, repurchasing corporations are
permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same
taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the Excise Tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of, the Excise Tax. 

On December 27, 2022, the Treasury published
Notice 2023-2, which provided clarification on some aspects of the application of the Excise Tax, including with respect to some
transactions in which special purpose acquisition companies (each a SPAC typically engage. In the notice, the Treasury
appears to have intended to exempt from the excise tax any distributions, including those that occur in connection with redemptions, by
a corporation in the same year it completely liquidates, but the guidance is not clearly drafted and arguably could be interpreted to
have a narrower application. Consequently, a substantial risk remains that any redemptions would be subject to the Excise Tax, including
in circumstances where we either engage in a business combination in 2023 in which we do not issue shares sufficient to offset the earlier
redemptions or liquidate later in 2023. 

Because the application of the Excise Tax is not
entirely clear, any redemption or other repurchase effected by us, in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise,
may be subject to the Excise Tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the Excise Tax on a redemption of our shares of Class A
common stock or other stock issued by us would depend on a number of factors, including (i) whether the redemption is treated as
a repurchase of stock for purposes of the Excise Tax, (ii) the fair market value of the redemption treated as a repurchase of stock
in connection with our initial business combination, an extension or otherwise (iii) the structure of the initial business combination,
(iv) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with the initial business combination
(or otherwise issued not in connection with the initial business combination but issued within the same taxable year of a redemption treated
as a repurchase of stock) and (v) the content of regulations and other guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury. As
noted above, the Excise Tax would be payable by us, and not by the redeeming holder, and the mechanics of any required payment of the
Excise Tax have not yet been determined. The imposition of the Excise Tax could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete
an initial business combination or for effecting redemptions and may affect our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete a business combination and instead be
required to liquidate the Company. To mitigate the risk of that result, on or prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date
of the registration statement relating to our initial public offering, we will instruct Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and instead hold all funds in the trust account in an interest-bearing bank deposit
account. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed
rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals ), relating, among other things, to circumstances in which SPACs such as us could potentially
be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such
companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided
that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. 

To comply with the duration limitation of the
proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply
with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a company to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered
into an agreement with a target company for a business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the registration
statement for its initial public offering. The company would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later
than 24 months after the effective date of the registration statement for its initial public offering. 

39 

There is currently uncertainty concerning the
applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours, that does not complete its initial business combination
within the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule. As indicated above, we completed our initial public offering
in March 2021 and have operated as a blank check company searching for a target business with which to consummate a business combination
since such time (or approximately 23 months after the effective date of our initial public offering, as of the date of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K). As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment
company if the SPAC Rule Proposals are adopted as proposed. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment
Company Act, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete a business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company.
If we are required to liquidate the Company, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning shares in a successor operating
business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants or rights following such a transaction, and our
warrants or rights would expire worthless. 

The funds in the trust account have, since our initial public offering,
been held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing
solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act
which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. To mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating
as an unregistered investment company under the Investment Company Act, we will, on or prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective
date of the registration statement relating to our initial public offering, or March 17, 2023, instruct Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the trust account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market
funds held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account in an interest-bearing bank deposit account (i.e.,
in one or more bank accounts) until the earlier of the consummation of a business combination or our liquidation. Interest on bank deposit
accounts is variable and such accounts currently yield interest of approximately 3.0 per annum. 

In addition, even prior to the 24-month anniversary
of the effective date of the registration statement relating to our initial public offering, we may be deemed to be an investment company.
The longer that the funds in the trust account are held in short-term U.S. government securities or in money market funds invested
exclusively in such securities, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, the greater the risk that we may be considered an unregistered
investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate. Accordingly, we may determine, in our discretion, to liquidate the
securities held in the trust account at any time, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, and instead hold all funds in the trust account
in an interest-bearing bank deposit account. 

We are a blank check company with no operating
history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a blank check company with no operating
results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through the initial public offering. Because we lack an operating
history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination
with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning an
initial business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business
combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

40 

Past performance by our management team and
their affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding performance by, or businesses
associated with, our management team or businesses associated with them, including Forum I and Forum II, is presented for informational
purposes only. Past performance of our management team is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate
for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely
on the historical record of the performance of our management team or businesses associated with them, including Forum I and Forum II,
as indicative of our future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could
result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We will depend on digital technologies, including
information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated
and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or
the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As
an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such
occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to,
cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our ability
to consummate an initial business combination. 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller
reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and
may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company
for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our common stock
held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth
company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will
rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading
prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the
trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when
a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company,
can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our
financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has
opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

41 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds
 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during
such completed fiscal year or the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end
of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison
of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought
on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee to us or
our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision
of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors,
officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware,
except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject
to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of
Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than
the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising under
the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent
jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service
of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the
application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable,
and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although
our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or
liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27 of the Exchange
Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application
of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors
and officers. 

We have agreed to use commercially reasonable
efforts to file a post-effective amendment to the registration statement of which the initial public offering prospectus forms a part
or a new registration statement with the SEC and to have declared effective a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares
of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, but such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to
exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing
such warrants to expire worthless. 

We have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but
in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use commercially reasonable efforts
to file a post-effective amendment to the registration statement of which the initial public offering prospectus forms a part or a new
registration statement with the SEC, and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared effective,
a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and to maintain
a current prospectus relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants
in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts
or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial
statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. 

42 

If the shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the warrant agreement, holders of warrants
who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless basis
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. If holders exercise their warrants on a cashless basis,
the number of shares of Class A common stock that you will receive upon such cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a
maximum amount of 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). 

In no event will warrants be exercisable for cash
or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance
of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption
from registration or qualification is available. 

Notwithstanding the above, if our shares of Class
A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they do not satisfy
the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders
of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance
with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required to maintain in effect a registration statement
or register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect,
we will use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities
laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential
 upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of shares of
Class A common stock upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold than they would have upon a cash exercise. 

In no event will we be required to net cash settle
any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in exchange for the warrants
in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state
securities laws. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration
or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire
worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price
solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration
exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders
of the public warrants included as part of units sold in the initial public offering. In such an instance, our initial stockholders and
their permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell
the shares of Class A common stock underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their
warrants and sell the underlying shares of common stock. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption
right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class A common stock for sale under all applicable state securities
laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our executive offices are located at 1615 South
Congress Avenue, Suite 103, Delray Beach, Florida 33445. Our executive offices are provided to us by an affiliate of the Sponsor and we
have agreed to pay such affiliate of the Sponsor a total of 30,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support (which payments will be accelerated if we consummate our initial business combination prior to the end of our 24-month term, or
 720,000 in the aggregate). We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not currently subject to any material legal
proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their
corporate capacity. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

43 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our units, Class A common stock and warrants
are traded on Nasdaq under the symbols FMIVU, FMIV and FMIVW, respectively. 

Holders 

As of March 31, 2023, there were three holders of record of our units,
one holder of record of our Class A common stock and one holder of record of our warrants. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common
stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions
subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends
may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered
Offerings 

On March 22, 2021, we consummated the initial
public offering of 30,000,000 units. The units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of
 300,000,000. On March 30, 2021, in connection with the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option, we consummated
the sale of an additional 3,601,509 units at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of 36,015,090. Jefferies LLC
acted as sole book-running manager. The securities in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on registration statement
on Form S-1 (No. 333-253216). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on March 17, 2021. 

Simultaneous with the consummation of the initial
public offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 930,000 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per private
placement unit, generating total proceeds of 9,300,000. Simultaneous with the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment
option, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 72,031 additional private placement units at a price of 10.00 per private
placement unit, generating additional proceeds of 720,310. The issuances were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained
in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

The private placement units are identical to
the units sold in the initial public offering, except that the Sponsor and Jefferies LLC have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell
any of the private placement units, (except to certain permitted transferees) until 30 days after the completion of the Company s
initial business combination. The warrants underlying the private placement units are also not redeemable by the Company and exercisable
on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor, Jefferies LLC or their permitted transferees. In addition, for as long as
the warrants underlying the private placement units are held by Jefferies LLC or its designees or affiliates, they may not be exercised
after five years from the effective date of the registration statement. 

44 

Of the gross proceeds received from the initial
public offering, the exercise of the over-allotment option and the private placement units, an aggregate of 336,015,090 was placed in
the trust account. 

We paid a total of 6,720,300 in underwriting
discounts and commissions and 517,944 for other offering costs and expenses related to the initial public offering. In addition, the
underwriters agreed to defer 11,760,528 in underwriting discounts and commissions. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the Company, Forum
Merger IV Corporation, our, us or we refer to Forum Merger IV Corporation. The following
discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited
financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors,
including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We have based these forward-looking
statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, 
 could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. For information identifying
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please
refer to the Risk Factors set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company s
securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable
securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed under the
laws of the State of Delaware on January 15, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our business combination
using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, our capital stock, debt or a
combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will be successful. 

45 

Recent Developments 

Extension 

Our initial public offering
prospectus and amended and restated certificate of incorporation provided that we had until March 22, 2023 (the date which was 24 months
after the consummation of the initial public offering) to complete an initial business combination. As stated in the Current Report on
Form 8-K filed with SEC on March 9, 2023, we held a special meeting of stockholders and approved the Extension Amendment to extend the
date by which we have to consummate an initial business combination from March 22, 2023 to April 22, 2023 or such earlier date as determined
by our board of directors and to allow us, without another stockholder vote, to elect to extend the completion window to consummate a
business combination on a monthly basis up to seven times by an additional one month each time after the Extended Date, by resolution
of our board of directors, if requested by the Sponsor, and upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable completion window,
until November 22, 2023 or a total of up to eight months after the Current Outside Date, unless the closing of a business combination
shall have occurred prior thereto. In connection with the approval of the Extension, stockholders elected to redeem an aggregate of 27,240,210
public shares, of which we paid cash from the trust account in the aggregate amount of approximately 276,640,526.86 (approximately 10.16
per share) to redeeming stockholders. 

Extension Promissory
Note 

We agreed to deposit
from our working capital account into the trust account, for each such Additional Charter Extension Date, the lesser of (a) 175,000
or (b) 0.05 for each public share then outstanding, which we agreed to deposit into the trust account at the beginning of each month,
for an aggregate deposit of up to the lesser of (a) 1,225,000 or (b) 0.05 for each public share then outstanding (if all additional
extensions are exercised). In the event our working capital account has been depleted, the Lender agreed to lend us the Monthly Deposit
in the form of a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note, which we agreed to deposit into the trust account. If we complete
a business combination and have borrowed money from the Lender under the Note, we will, at the option of the Lender, repay the amounts
loaned under the Note or convert a portion or all of the amounts loaned under such Note into units of the post-business combination
entity at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the Lender, which units will be identical to the private placement units. Additionally,
if we do not complete a business combination by the Extended Date (or Additional Charter Extension Date, if applicable), and a Note has
been issued to us by the Lender, such Note will be repaid only from funds held outside of the trust account or will be forfeited, eliminated
or otherwise forgiven. If the Sponsor designates a third party as Lender, we may negotiate with the Lender and vary the terms of the
Note and its conversion, issue securities and pay certain fees to the Lender in connection with the Note. In the event our working capital
account has been depleted, the Lender agreed to lend us the Monthly Deposit in the form of the Note, which we shall deposit into the
trust account. 

Letter of Intent 

As disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
February 14, 2023, we have entered into a letter of intent with a target that is non-binding with respect to all its material terms, except
with respect to provisions regarding a limited period of exclusivity. We are currently in discussions with the LOI Target to extend the
limited period of exclusivity in the letter of intent. The LOI Target is a profitable and growing company in the online gaming industry,
providing its customers with an expansive portfolio of digital gaming products and services. Subject to completion of its related audit,
for the calendar year ended December 31, 2022, the LOI Target expects adjusted revenue in excess of 300 million and expects adjusted
EBITDA margins of approximately 30 . The LOI Target also expects strong free cash flow conversion for fiscal year 2023 substantially in
excess of 2022 levels. The execution and negotiation of a definitive business combination agreement is subject to several conditions,
including the completion of due diligence, securing certain concurrent financing and negotiation and preparation of related definitive
documentation. We cannot assure stockholders that it will be able to enter into a definitive business combination agreement with the LOI
Target on terms acceptable to us or the LOI Target prior to the Extended Date. In the event we and the LOI Target enter into a business
combination agreement and related definitive documents, we can also not provide any assurance that the business combination agreement
will be consummated prior to the Extended Date. 

46 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations (other
than searching for a business combination after our initial public offering) nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities
through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the initial public offering, described below,
and identifying a target company for a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of our business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust
account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance),
as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 7,642,377,
which consisted of interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 5,066,781 and a gain on the change in fair value
of warrants of 6,834,200, offset by general and administrative expenses of 3,059,119 and provision for income taxes of 1,199,485. 

For the period from January 15, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 2,091,085, which consisted of formation and operating costs of 1,891,019, transaction
costs allocated to warrants of 399,286, offset by interest earned on marketable securities held in trust account of 26,202 and a change
in fair value of warrants of 173,018. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On March 22, 2021, we consummated the initial
public offering of 30,000,000 units at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 300,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of
the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of 930,000 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per private placement
unit in which the Sponsor purchased 780,000 private placement units and Jefferies LLC purchased 150,000 private placement units, generating
gross proceeds of 9,300,000. 

On March 30, 2021, in connection with the underwriters 
partial exercise of their over-allotment option, we consummated the sale of an additional 3,601,509 units at a price of 10.00 per unit
and the sale of an additional 72,301 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating total gross
proceeds of 36,738,100. In connection with the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option, the Sponsor purchased
an additional 54,022 private placement units and Jefferies LLC purchased an additional 18,008 private placement units. Each private placement
unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-fourth of one warrant. 

Following the initial public offering, the partial
exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the private placement units, a total of 336,015,090 was placed in the trust account.
We incurred 18,998,772 in initial public offering related costs, including 6,720,300 of underwriting fees, 11,760,528 of deferred
underwriting fees and 517,944 of other costs. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities
was 2,530,154. Net income of 7,642,377 was affected by changes in fair value of warrant liabilities of 6,834,200 and interest earned
on investments held in the trust account of 5,066,781. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 1,728,450 of cash for operating
activities. 

For the period from January 15, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 1,282,875. Net loss of 2,091,085 was affected by transaction costs
allocable to warrants of 399,286, change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 173,018 and interest earned on marketable securities
held in trust account of 26,202. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 608,144 of cash for operating activities. 

On December 31, 2022, assets held in the trust
account were comprised of 350 in cash and 339,676,781 invested in U.S. Treasury Bills. Total investments in marketable securities as
of December 31, 2022 is 371,022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had withdrawn 1,059,920 of interest income from
the trust account. Income on the balance in the trust account may be used by us to pay taxes. We intend to use substantially all of the
funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less income taxes payable),
to complete our business combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to
complete our business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations
of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

47 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 53,947.
We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due
diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses
or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure,
negotiate and complete a business combination. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we will
repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital
held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment.
Up to 1,200,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent units at a price of 10.00 per unit
at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the private placement units, including as to exercise price, exercisability
and exercise period of the underlying warrants. The terms of such working capital loans by our Sponsor or its affiliates, or our officers
and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek
loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such
funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

The Company may not have sufficient liquidity
to fund the working capital needs of the Company. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business
combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our business combination,
in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. 

Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 53,947 in our operating bank account,
 340,048,153 in securities held in the trust account to be used for a business combination or to repurchase or redeem our common stock
in connection therewith and a working capital deficit of 1,782,415, which excludes franchise and income taxes payable as such amounts
can be paid from the interest earned in the trust account. As of December 31, 2022, 4,033,063 of the amount on deposit in the trust account
represented interest income, which is available to pay our tax obligations. 

Until the consummation
of a business combination, we will be using the funds not held in the trust account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition
candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business
to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. 

In connection with our
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s ASU 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, we have until April 22, 2023, or the Extended
Date, if applicable, to consummate a business combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a business combination
by this time. Additionally, we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund our working capital needs until one year from the issuance of
these financial statements. If a business combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a business combination
not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution, raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after April 22, 2023, or the Extended
Date, if applicable. We intend to complete a business combination before the mandatory liquidation date. 

48 

Related Party Transactions 

Founder Shares 

On January 15, 2021, the Sponsor purchased 8,625,000
shares of our Class B common stock for an aggregate price of 25,000. The founder shares included an aggregate of up to 1,125,000 shares
of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised
in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding shares after the initial
public offering (assuming the Sponsor does not purchase any public shares in the initial public offering and excluding the private placement
shares). As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option on March 30, 2021, a total
of 224,623 founder shares were forfeited and 900,377 founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture, resulting in an aggregate of
8,400,377 founder shares issued and outstanding. 

The Sponsor has agreed, subject to certain limited
exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion
of a business combination or (B) subsequent to a business combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or
exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20
trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a business combination, or (y) the date on which we
complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the
right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

We entered into an agreement, commencing on March
17, 2021, to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of 30,000 per month for 24 months, or 720,000 in the aggregate, for office space,
utilities and secretarial and administrative support (which payments will be accelerated if we consummate our initial business combination
prior to the end of our 24-month term, or 720,000 in the aggregate). For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred 360,000 and
paid 330,000 in fees for these services, of which 30,000 is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet. For the
period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we incurred 278,000 and paid 308,000 in fees for these services,
of which 30,000 is included in prepaid expenses in the accompanying balance sheet. 

Related Party Loans 

On January 28, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan
us an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the initial public offering pursuant to a promissory note (the promissory
note ). The promissory note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the completion of the initial
public offering. The outstanding balance under the promissory note of 110,000 was repaid at the closing of the initial public offering
on March 22, 2021. Borrowings under the promissory note are no longer available to us. 

Due to Sponsor 

The Sponsor advanced 675,038 to us in anticipation
of the amount to be paid for the purchase of additional private placement units in the event the underwriters exercise their over-allotment
option. The advance is non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of December 31, 2022, 34 remains outstanding. 

Indemnification Advances 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred and paid
 857,000 of legal expenses related to advances made pursuant to indemnity agreements on behalf of the Company s Co-Chief Executive
Officers. 

49 

Other Contractual Obligations 

Other than as described herein, we do not have
any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered
into on March 17, 2021, the holders of the founder shares (including any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the
founder shares), private placement units, private placement shares, private placement warrants (and any shares of Class A common stock
issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants), and securities that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans
are entitled to registration rights requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after
conversion to Class A common stock). The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form
demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a business combination and rights to
require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the underwriters
may not exercise their demand and piggyback registration rights after five and seven years after the effective date of
the registration statement related to the initial public offering and may not exercise their demand rights on more than one occasion.
We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

We granted the underwriters a 45-day option from
the date of the initial public offering to purchase up to 4,500,000 additional units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the initial
public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On March 30, 2021, the underwriters elected to partially exercise
their over-allotment option to purchase an additional 3,601,509 units and forfeited their option to purchase an additional 898,491 units. 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee
of 0.35 per unit, or 11,760,528 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will be forfeited by the underwriters solely in the event that we
fail to complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting estimates: 

Warrant Liabilities 

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge
exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued stock purchase
warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC
Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815. We account for the warrants in accordance
with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40 under which the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded
as liabilities. Accordingly, we classify the warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the warrants to fair value at each
reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value
is recognized in our statements of operations. The private placement warrants and the public warrants for periods where no observable
traded price was available are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the public warrants
from the units, the public warrant quoted market price was used as the fair value as of each relevant date. 

50 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our Class A common stock subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Shares of Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption is
classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that
feature redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events
not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders 
deficit. Our public Class A common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject
to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are presented as
temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our balance sheets. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share 

Net income (loss) per common share is computed
by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. The Company has two classes
of shares, which are referred to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the
two classes of shares. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from income (loss) per common
share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic
326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ), which requires entities to measure all expected
credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable
forecasts. ASU 2016-13 also requires additional disclosures regarding significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses,
as well as the credit quality and underwriting standards of an entity s portfolio. We expect to adopt the provisions of this guidance
on January 1, 2023. The adoption is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. 

Beside the above, our
management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a
material effect on the accompanying financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

This information appears following Item 15 of
this Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Co-Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as such term
is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial and accounting officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

51 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15- d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over
financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report
of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, there
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections 

Not applicable. 

52 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our officers and directors are as follows: 

NAME 
 
 AGE 
 
 POSITION 
 
 Marshall Kiev 
 
 55 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 David Boris 
 
 62 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Neil Goldberg 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Richard Katzman 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 Steven Berns 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 Tory Kiam 
 
 63 
 
 Director 

Marshall Kiev has
been our Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Director since inception. He has over 28 years of deal sourcing and principal
investment experience in both family office and private equity settings. He has been the President and Founder of MK Capital Partners,
a private investment firm, since 2016. The firm s primary investment strategies include direct private equity, growth equity and
venture capital. Mr. Kiev was Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Director of Forum Merger Corporation Forum I until its business combination with ConvergeOne (Nasdaq: CVON), was Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Director of Forum Merger II
Corporation Forum II until its business combination with Tattooed Chef (Nasdaq: TTCF), and was the Co-Chief Executive
Officer, President and Director of Forum Merger III Corporation Forum III until its business combination with
Electric Last Mile Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq: ELMS). Mr. Kiev was previously a Director of Cohen Private Ventures, or CPV, from 2013
to 2016. CPV is a family office investing long-term capital in direct private investments and other opportunistic transactions. Prior
to his position with CPV, Mr. Kiev was Chief of Staff at S.A.C. Capital Advisors, L.P., an investment firm, from 2010 to 2013.
Prior to joining S.A.C., Mr. Kiev was President of Alternative Investments at Family Management Corporation, a multi-family office,
from 2007 to 2009, where he oversaw a portfolio of investments in hedge funds and private equity funds. Previously, Mr. Kiev was
a Partner at Main Street Resources, a middle-market private equity firm, from 2000 to 2007. He began his career in 1989 at Family Management
Corporation where he held a variety of roles over more than a decade. Mr. Kiev is an active member of the Young Presidents 
Organization. Mr. Kiev received an MBA degree from the Stern School of Business at New York University and a BA degree also
from New York University. We believe Mr. Kiev is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive
financial experience, his asset management experience and his experience as an executive officer and director of Forum I, Forum II
and Forum III . 

David Boris has
been our Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director since inception. He served as Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer and Director of Forum I from its inception in November 2016 until Forum I s business combination
with ConvergeOne and served as a member of ConvergeOne s board of directors from the business combination until ConvergeOne s
acquisition by CVC in January 2019 at 12.50 per share. He has also served as Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer
and Director of Forum II from its inception in May 2018 until Forum II s business combination with Tattooed Chef
and continues to serve on the board of directors of Tattooed Chef. He has also served as the Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer and Director of Forum III from its inception in June 2019 until Forum III s business combination with Electric
Last Mile Solutions, Inc. and had continued to serve on the board of directors of Electric Last Mile Solutions, Inc. until Electric Last
Mile Solutions, Inc. and its subsidiary, Electric Last Mile, Inc. ceased operations and commenced bankruptcy proceedings on June 14,
2022. He has over 30 years of Wall Street experience in mergers and corporate finance and has been involved in approximately 20
SPAC transactions as an advisor, investment banker and/or officer or board member, including ten business combinations totaling over
 5.0 billion. Mr. Boris served as Senior Managing Director and Head of Investment Banking at Pali Capital, Inc., an investment
banking firm, from 2007. Mr. Boris served as President of Ladenburg Thalmann Group Inc. from 1999 to 2000, and was also Executive
Vice President and Head of Investment Banking at Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. from 1998 to 2000. In addition, he was a co-founder,
director, and a principal stockholder of Brenner Securities Corporation and its successors. Prior to Brenner, Mr. Boris was at Oppenheimer 
Company Inc., as a Senior Vice President and Limited Partner. Mr. Boris began his career as a member of the Business Development
Group of W.R. Grace Company, from 1984 to 1985. He is an active member of the Young Presidents Organization, an
organization with over 25,000 members who are in the top position of a qualifying company or division and are directly responsible for
all operations of such business or division. Mr. Boris received a M.B.A. from Columbia University Business School and a B.A. from
Vassar College, cum laude. We believe Mr. Boris is well qualified to serve as a member of the board due to his wide range of experience
in capital market activities as well as his activities in special purpose acquisition companies and asset management, including his experience
as an executive officer and director of Forum I, Forum II and Forum III . 

53 

Neil Goldberg has
served on our Board since the initial public offering and is an independent director. Mr. Goldberg served as a director of Forum I
from its initial public offering until the business combination with ConvergeOne, as a director of Forum II from its initial public
offering until the business combination with Tattooed Chef and as a director of Forum III from its initial public offering until
the business combination with Electric Last Mile Solutions, Inc. Mr. Goldberg had continued to serve on the board of directors of Electric
Last Mile Solutions, Inc. until Electric Last Mile Solutions, Inc. and its subsidiary, Electric Last Mile, Inc. ceased operations and
commenced bankruptcy proceedings on June 14, 2022. He has 45 years of retailing, merchandising, general management and real estate
experience. Mr. Goldberg has served as President and CEO of Raymour and Flannigan Furniture and Holdings, one of the largest furniture
retailers in the United States, since 1972. He has led the growth of Raymour and Flannigan from three local stores to its current
106 locations across seven Northeast states employing more than 4,700 people. In addition, Mr. Goldberg has been active on numerous
national industry boards including the National Home Furnishing Association, the Home Furnishing Council, the American Furniture Hall
of Fame and FurnitureFan.com. He has also participated on the board of local and national charitable organizations including the HSBC
Bank Regional Board, the Metropolitan Development Association, Say Yes to Education, the Salvation Army of Central New York and
the Syracuse University School of Management. Mr. Goldberg has been honored for his work as a recipient of the Ernst and Young Entrepreneur
of the Year, the City of Hope Spirit of Life Award and the Anti-Defamation League American Heritage Award. Mr. Goldberg received
a B.S. in accounting from the Syracuse University School of Management. We believe Mr. Goldberg is well-qualified to serve as a
member of the board due to his experience in operations and real estate and his experience as a director of Forum I, Forum II
and Forum III . 

Richard Katzman has
served on our Board since the initial public offering and is an independent director. Mr. Katzman served as a Director of Forum
Merger I, II and III Corporations and is a private investor in early-stage companies and a member of the New York
Angels investing group. He is also an Executive Director and board member of Noodle Education, a leading provider of online Masters programs
and other education services, based in New York City. Mr. Katzman was previously a director of ConvergeOne. Mr. Katzman
was Chairman CEO of Kaz, Incorporated, a multinational consumer appliance company, until its sale in December 2010. Kaz s
products include humidifiers, vaporizers, digital thermometers, hot/cold therapy, heaters, fans, and air cleaners. Under his leadership,
the company grew from 4 million in annual sales to 500 million by expanding its product offerings, developing international
distribution, and pioneering brand extension licensing with global power brands Vicks, Honeywell and Braun. Mr. Katzman also co-founded
Terra Firma Software, a provider of enterprise solutions and an early developer of Macintosh applications. Mr. Katzman was a board
member of Brown University s Entrepreneurship Program, the Executive in Residence for the first cohort of the IE-Brown Executive
MBA program in 2011-12 and has been a judge in several business plan competitions. Mr. Katzman is on the NY board of Generation
Citizen, which provides action civics curriculums to high schools. He was a board member of Princeton Review from its founding in 1982
until 2012 and was a trustee of Columbia Memorial Hospital in Hudson, NY. He is also a member of the Young Presidents Organization.
Mr. Katzman graduated with an A.B. from Brown University and attended the Singularity University Executive Program. We believe Mr. Katzman
is well-qualified to serve as a member of the board due to his experience in finance and operations and his experience as a director
of Forum I, Forum II and Forum III . 

Steven Berns has
served on our Board since the initial public offering and is an independent director. He has also served as a director of Forum II from
its initial public offering until the business combination with Tattooed Chef, as a director of Forum III from its initial public offering
until the business combination with Electric Last Mile Solutions, Inc., and has served as a director of Forum I. Mr. Berns was the Chief
Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of TripleLift, an advertising technology company reinventing ad placement at the intersection
of creative, media and data, from September 2021 to December 2022. Previously, Mr. Berns was the Chief Financial Officer of GTT Communications,
Inc. (NYSE: GTT), a leading global cloud networking provider for multinational clients, from April 2020 to December 2020. GTT Communications filed for voluntary reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in October 2021, approximately 10 months
after Mr. Berns resigned. From September
2015 through June 2019, Mr. Berns served as the Co-Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Shutterstock, Inc. (NYSE: SSTK),
a leading global provider of high-quality licensed photographs, vectors, illustrations, videos and music to businesses, marketing agencies
and media organizations around the world. From July 2013 through August 2015, Mr. Berns served as Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of Tribune Media (formerly Tribune Company), one of the country s leading multimedia companies, operating businesses
in broadcasting, publishing and digital media. Prior to that time, Mr. Berns was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
of Revlon, Inc. (NYSE: REV), a worldwide cosmetics and beauty products company, from May 2009 to July 2013. Prior to that time, Mr. Berns
was Chief Financial Officer of Tradeweb, LLC, a leading over-the-counter, multi-asset class online marketplace for securities trading
and trade processing, from November 2007 until May 2009. From November 2005 until July 2007, Mr. Berns served as President, Chief Financial
Officer and Director of MDC Partners Inc. (Nasdaq: MDCA) and from September 2004 to November 2005, Mr. Berns served as Vice Chairman
and Executive Vice President of MDC Partners. Prior to that, Mr. Berns was the Senior Vice President and Treasurer of Interpublic Group
of Companies, Inc. (NYSE: IPG), an organization of advertising agencies and marketing services companies from August 1999 until September
2004. Before that, Mr. Berns held a variety of positions in finance at Revlon, Inc. from April 1992 until August 1999, becoming Vice
President and Treasurer in 1996. Prior to joining Revlon in 1992, Mr. Berns worked at Paramount Communications Inc. and at a predecessor
public accounting firm of Deloitte Touche. Mr. Berns serves on the Board of Directors of Tradeweb Markets (NYSE:TW), and has served
on several boards including Shutterstock, Inc. (from 2012 to 2015 as Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee), LivePerson, Inc.
(Nasdaq: LPSN from 2002 to 2011 as Director and Chairman of the Compensation Committee). Mr. Berns received a BS from Lehigh University
and an MBA from the Stern School of Business at New York University. We believe Mr. Berns is well-qualified to serve as a member of the
board due to his extensive experience in finance and operations and his experience as a director of Forum I, Forum II and Forum III . 

54 

Tory Kiam has
served on our Board since the initial public offering and is an independent director. Mr. Kiam has been president of Kiam Ventures
LLC and Kiam Equities Corporation since 1996. These are holding companies consisting of diversified passive investments and one operating
division, Cirrus Healthcare Products LLC, a manufacturer and distributor of patented and proprietary consumer health products such as
Earplanes and WeatherX. Mr. Kiam also serves as Managing Partner of Slasticarna LLC and Slasticarna II LLC, investment
funds focused on venture/growth equity companies since 2016. From 2001 to 2014, Mr. Kiam served as CEO and President of lia sophia,
the largest direct seller of fashion jewelry in the world prior to the rise of online shopping. He had previously run the Lady Remington
Company, the predecessor of lia sophia, and served in a variety of positions at Remington Products since 1986. Mr. Kiam began his
career in 1982 as an analyst in the corporate finance department at Drexel Burnham Lambert. Mr. Kiam serves on the Board of Advisors
of the Northcreek Mezzanine fund, on the Boards of the Trinity School, New York Junior Tennis and Learning, and is on the Board
of Governors of the International Tennis Hall of Fame. He is also a member of the Young Presidents Organization (YPO) and YPO Gold since
1997. Mr. Kiam holds a BA in Government from Harvard College and an MBA from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business.
We believe Mr. Kiam is well-qualified to serve as a member of the board due to his extensive experience in finance and operations . 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We have six directors. Our board of directors
is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed
prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a two-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements,
we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term
of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Goldberg, Katzman and Berns, will expire at our first annual meeting
of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Kiev, Boris and Kiam, will expire at the
second annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of
a Chairman of the Board, Co-Chief Executive Officers, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant
Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has two standing committees:
an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require
that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation
committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of the
board of directors. Messrs. Berns, Goldberg, Katzman serve as members of our audit committee, and Mr. Berns chairs the audit committee.
Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all
of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Berns, Goldberg, Katzman meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards
and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit committee is financially
literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Berns qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined
in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

55 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which
details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent
 registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public
 accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public
 accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear
 policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and
 reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting
 firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control
 procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review,
 or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or
 professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent
 audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all
 relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess
 the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing and
 approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of
 Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors,
 as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence
 with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that
 raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant
 changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee
of the board of directors. Messrs. Berns, Katzman, Goldberg serve as members of our compensation committee and Mr. Katzman chairs the
compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of
the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Messrs. Berns, Katzman, Goldberg are independent. 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter,
which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Co-Chief
 Executive Officers compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Co-Chief Executive
 Officers performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving
 the remuneration (if any) of our Co-Chief Executive Officers based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other
 officers; 

reviewing
 on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

56 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit
 arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if
 required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy
 statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above,
other than the accrual of the payment to an affiliate of our Sponsor of 30,000 per month for 24 months for office space, utilities and
secretarial and administrative support (which payments will be accelerated if we consummate our initial business combination prior to
the end of our 24-month term, or 720,000 in the aggregate) and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders,
consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates,
prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination other than any business
development consultant or personnel we may engage or employ in connection with our search for and/or consummation of our initial business
combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee
will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such
initial business combination. 

The charter also provides that the compensation
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will
be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or
receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider
the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our officers currently serves, or in
the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board
of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies
to all of our directors, executive officers and employees that complies with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. The Code of Ethics
codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. We have previously filed copies of our form of
Code of Ethics, our form of Audit Committee Charter and our form of Compensation Committee Charter as exhibits to our registration statement
in connection with our initial public offering. You may review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web
site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request to us in writing at 1615
South Congress Avenue, Suite 103, Delray Beach, Florida 33445 or by telephone at (212) 739-7860. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Members of our management team do not have any
obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such
member solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to
refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

57 

Our officers and directors have agreed not to
participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities
registered under the Exchange Act, until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we
have failed to complete our initial business combination by April 22, 2023, or the Extended Date, if applicable. Potential investors
should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None
 of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and,
 accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business
 activities. 

In
 the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware
 of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us
 as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts
 of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our
 Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
 to any founder shares and private placement shares and any public shares held by them in
 connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our Sponsor,
 officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder
 shares or private placement shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business
 combination within 24 months after the closing of the initial public offering. If we do not
 complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds
 of the sale of the private placement units held in the trust account will be used to fund
 the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement units (and the underlying
 securities) will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will
 not be transferable, assignable by our Sponsor until the earlier of: (A) one year after the
 completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business
 combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00
 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
 and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least
 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation,
 merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders
 having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.
 With certain limited exceptions, the private placement units, private placement shares and
 private placement warrants and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants, will not
 be transferable, assignable or saleable by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees until
 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our Sponsor and officers
 and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following the initial
 public offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining
 whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate
 our initial business combination. 

Our
 officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular
 business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was
 included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial
 business combination. 

Our
 Sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating
 a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our Sponsor
 or an affiliate of our Sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction
 costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,200,000 of such
 working capital loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent units at a price
 of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the private
 placement units, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period of the
 underlying warrants. 

58 

The conflicts described above may not be resolved
in our favor. 

In general, officers and directors of a corporation
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the
 corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the
 opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it
 would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought
 to the attention of the corporation. 

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business
affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the
above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce
our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person
solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted
to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that
opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

In addition, our Sponsor and our officers and
directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment
ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may
present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential
conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Below is a table summarizing the entities to
which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business

Affiliation 
 
 David Boris 
 
 Tattooed Chef, Inc. 
 
 Food Service 
 
 Director 

Neil Goldberg 
 
 Raymour and Flannigan Furniture and Holdings 
 
 Furniture Retailer 
 
 President and CEO 

Steven Berns 
 
 Tradeweb Markets 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Director 

Tory Kiam 
 
 Kiam Ventures LLC 
 
 Holding Company 
 
 President 

Kiam Equities Corporation 
 
 Holding Company 
 
 President 

Slasticarna LLC 
 
 Investment Fund 
 
 Managing Partner 

Slasticarna II LLC 
 
 Investment Fund 
 
 Managing Partner 

Accordingly, if any of the above executive officers
or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has
current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business
combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with the Sponsor, our officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete
our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

59 

In the event that we submit our initial business
combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the letter agreement, the Sponsor, our officers and directors have agreed
to vote any founder shares or private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering (including
in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists
or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will
not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they
violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized
unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their
actions as directors. 

We will enter into agreements with our officers
and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. Our bylaws also will permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability
arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We will purchase a policy of
directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement
or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

These provisions may discourage stockholders
from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing
the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit
us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement
and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions, the directors 
and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers
and directors. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our executive officers or directors has
received any cash compensation for services rendered. We will reimburse an affiliate of the Sponsor for office space, secretarial and
administrative services provided to members of our management team in an amount not to exceed 30,000 per month in the event such space
and/or services are utilized and we do not pay directly for such services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our
liquidation, we will cease making these payments. In addition, the Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective
affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying
potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly
basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, our officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Other than these payments and
reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to the Sponsor, executive officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure
that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although
it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements with the post-transaction
company after our initial business combination. Any such arrangements will be disclosed in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination, to the extent they are known at such
time. 

60 

The existence or terms of any such employment
or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, but we do not
believe that such arrangements will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023 by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of
 common stock; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them.
The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement units as these warrants are not exercisable
within 60 days of the date of this Form 10-K. 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 43,003,916 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding, consisting of 34,603,539 shares of Class A common stock and 8,400,377 shares of Class B common stock. In connection
with the proposals approved at the Company s special meeting of stockholders held on March 7, 2023, 27,240,210 shares of the Company s
Class A common stock were redeemed. The beneficial ownership of our common stock is based on 15,763,706 shares of common stock issued
and outstanding as of March 31, 2023, consisting of 7,363,329 shares of Class A common stock and 8,400,377 shares of Class B common stock. 

NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER (1) 
 
 SHARES OF CLASS A 
 COMMON STOCK 
 BENEFICIALLY 
 OWNED 
 SHARES
 OF CLASS B 
 COMMON STOCK 
 BENEFICIALLY 
 OWNED (2) 
 APPROXIMATE 
 PERCENTAGE OF 
 TOTAL VOTING 
 POWER 

Directors, Executive Officers and Founders 

Forum Investors IV LLC (3) 
 
 834,022 
 8,400,377 
 58.58 
 
 Marshall Kiev (3) 
 
 834,022 
 8,400,377 
 58.58 
 
 David Boris (3) 
 
 834,022 
 8,400,377 
 58.58 
 
 Neil Goldberg (4) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Richard Katzman (4) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Steven Berns (4) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tory Kiam (4) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group (six individuals) 
 
 834,022 
 8,400,377 
 58.58 

61 

NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER 
 
 NUMBER OF 
 SHARES 
 BENEFICIALLY 
 OWNED 
 APPROXIMATE 
 PERCENTAGE OF 
 OUTSTANDING 
 COMMON STOCK 
 
 Five Percent Holders 

Saba Capital Management, LLC (5) 
 
 2,982,879 
 18.92 
 
 Citadel Advisors (6) 
 
 1,475,000 
 9.36 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Forum Merger IV Corporation, 1615 South
 Congress Avenue, Suite 103, Delray Beach, Florida 33445. 

(2) 
 Interests
 shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares are convertible into shares of
 Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in the section of the initial public offering prospectus
 entitled Description of Securities and with respect to the interests held after the initial public offering, 834,022
 Class A shares issuable pursuant to a private placement. 

(3) 
 Represents
 shares held by Forum Investors IV LLC, our Sponsor. Each of our officers and directors, and a trust held for the benefit of family
 members of David Boris, is a member of our Sponsor. Forum Capital Management IV LLC is the managing member of our Sponsor and has
 voting and investment discretion with respect to the common stock held by our Sponsor. Marshall Kiev and David Boris are the managing
 members of Forum Capital Management IV LLC and may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the common stock held directly by our
 Sponsor. Each such person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest
 they may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(4) 
 Does
 not include any shares held by our Sponsor. This individual is a member of our Sponsor, as described in footnote 3, but does not
 have voting or dispositive control over the shares held by our Sponsor. 

(5) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023 on behalf of Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Saba
 Capital ), Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Saba GP ), and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein
 (collectively with Saba Capital and Saba GP, Saba ). Saba shares beneficial ownership of the shares reported. The business
 address of Saba is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

(6) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023 on behalf of Citadel Advisors LLC Citadel Advisors ), Citadel Advisors
 Holdings LP CAH ), Citadel GP LLC CGP ), Citadel Securities LLC Citadel Securities ), CALC
 IV LP CALC4 ), Citadel Securities GP LLC CSGP and Mr. Kenneth Griffin (collectively with Citadel Advisors,
 CAH, CGP, Citadel Securities, CALC4 and CSGP, Citadel with respect to shares of Class A common stock owned by Citadel
 Multi-Strategy Equities Master Fund Ltd., a Cayman Islands company CM ), and Citadel Securities. Citadel Advisors is
 the portfolio manager for CM. CAH is the sole member of Citadel Advisors. CGP is the general partner of CAH. CALC4 is the non-member
 manager of Citadel Securities. CSGP is the general partner of CALC4. Mr. Griffin is the President and Chief Executive Officer of
 CGP, and owns a controlling interest in CGP and CSGP. Citadel shares beneficial ownership of the shares reported. The business address
 of Citadel is 131 S. Dearborn Street, 32nd Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60603. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Founder Shares 

On January 15, 2021, our Sponsor purchased 8,625,000
founder shares for an aggregate price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. 

62 

The founder shares included an aggregate of up
to 1,125,000 shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised
in full or in part, so that the Sponsor would own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares
after the initial public offering (assuming the Sponsor did not purchase any public shares in the initial public offering and excluding
the private placement shares). As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option on March
30, 2021, a total of 224,623 founder shares were forfeited and 900,377 founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture, resulting
in an aggregate of 8,400,377 founder shares issued and outstanding. 

The Sponsor has agreed, subject to certain limited
exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion
of a business combination or (B) subsequent to a business combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Class A common stock equals
or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any
20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a business combination, or (y) the date on which
the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s
stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Related Party Loans 

On January 28, 2021, we issued an unsecured promissory
note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which we could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. The promissory note was non-interest
bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2020 or the completion of the initial public offering. The promissory note was repaid
upon the consummation of the initial public offering on March 22, 2021. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors
may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination, we would repay the working capital
loans out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, the working capital loans would be repaid only out of funds
held outside the trust account. In the event that a business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held
outside the trust account to repay the working capital loans but no proceeds held in the trust account would be used to repay the working
capital loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such working capital loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. The working capital loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a business combination, without
interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,200,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into units of the post
business combination entity at a price of 10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the private placement units. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

We entered into an agreement with an affiliate
of the Sponsor whereby, commencing on March 17, 2021 through the earlier of the consummation of a business combination and our liquidation,
we agreed to pay the affiliate 30,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support (which payments
will be accelerated if we consummate our initial business combination prior to the end of our 24-month term, or 720,000 in the aggregate). 

We recognized an aggregate of 360,000
in expenses incurred in connection with the aforementioned arrangements with the related parties on our statement of operations for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

63 

Extension Promissory
Note 

We agreed to deposit
from our working capital account into the trust account, for each such Additional Charter Extension Date, the lesser of (a) 175,000
or (b) 0.05 for each public share then outstanding, which we agreed to deposit into the trust account at the beginning of each month,
for an aggregate deposit of up to the lesser of (a) 1,225,000 or (b) 0.05 for each public share then outstanding (if all additional
extensions are exercised). In the event our working capital account has been depleted, the Lender agreed to lend us the Monthly Deposit
in the form of a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note, which we agreed to deposit into the trust account. If we complete
a business combination and have borrowed money from the Lender under the Note, we will, at the option of the Lender, repay the amounts
loaned under the Note or convert a portion or all of the amounts loaned under such Note into units of the post-business combination
entity at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the Lender, which units will be identical to the private placement units. Additionally,
if we do not complete a business combination by the Extended Date (or Additional Charter Extension Date, if applicable), and a Note has
been issued to us by the Lender, such Note will be repaid only from funds held outside of the trust account or will be forfeited, eliminated
or otherwise forgiven. If the Sponsor designates a third party as Lender, we may negotiate with the Lender and vary the terms of the
Note and its conversion, issue securities and pay certain fees to the Lender in connection with the Note. In the event our working capital
account has been depleted, the Lender agreed to lend us the Monthly Deposit in the form of the Note, which we shall deposit into the
trust account. 

Indemnification Advances 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred and paid
 857,000 of legal expenses related to advances made pursuant to indemnity agreements on behalf of the Company s Co-Chief Executive
Officers. During February 2023, the Company received 857,000 as a capital contribution from the Company s Co-Chief Executive Officers. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum,
acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Withum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January
15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 100,672
and 153,280, respectively, for the services Withum performed in connection with our initial public offering, reviews of quarterly financial
statements on Form 10-Q and the audit of our December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 financial statements included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Tax Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January
15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm rendered services to us for tax compliance,
tax advice and tax planning for approximately 8,424 and 6,760, respectively. 

All Other Fees . For the year ended December
31, 2022 and for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, there were no fees billed for products and services
provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation
of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services
rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee,
and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to
be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services
described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

64 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Year ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from January 15, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31,
2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit
 for the Year ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from January 15, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Year ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from January 15, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31,
2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-24 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits
listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference
facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained
from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at
www.sec.gov. 

65 

FORUM MERGER IV CORPORATION 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Year ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from January 15, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31,
2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in
 Stockholders Deficit for the Year ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from January 15, 2021 (Inception) Through
 December 31, 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for
 the Year ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from January 15, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-24 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors
of 

Forum Merger IV Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance
sheets of Forum Merger IV Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the related statements of operations,
changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 15, 2021
(inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company
is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by April 22, 2023, or the extended
date of up to November 22, 2023 if approved by the board of directors, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose
of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note
1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021. 

March 31, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 

F- 2 

FORUM MERGER IV CORPORATION 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Income tax payable 

Due to Sponsor 

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, shares at and , per share redemption value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A Common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding 33,601,509 shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

FORUM MERGER IV CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 
 For the Period from January 15, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Transaction costs allocable to the Warrants 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Total other income (expense), net 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A common stock

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

FORUM MERGER IV CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 15, 2021 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance January 15, 2021 (inception) 

Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 

Sale of Private Placement Units, net of private placement warrant liability 

Forfeiture of Founder Shares 

Accretion for Class A common stock to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Accretion for Class A common stock to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

FORUM MERGER IV CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 For the Period from January 15, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Transaction costs allocable to Warrants 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Income tax payable 

Due to Sponsor 

Repayment of due to Sponsor 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units 

Proceeds from Promissory Note related party 

Repayment of Promissory Note related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Forfeiture of founder shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the
 Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 

private placement units (the Private Placement
Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit to Forum Investors IV LLC Private Placement Units), a Delaware
limited liability company (the Sponsor ), and the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering Private Placement
Units), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Units was placed in the Trust Account (the Trust Account located in the United States
and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that
holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule
2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination
and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. 

Units at a price of 
per Unit and the sale of an additional Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit, generating total
gross proceeds of . In connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option on March 30,
2021, the Sponsor purchased an additional Private Placement Units and Jefferies LLC purchased an additional Private Placement
Units. A total of was deposited into the Trust Account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account to . 

, consisting
of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 

F- 7 

of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding
the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the Company s signing
a definitive agreement in connection with its initial Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if
the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a
controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. 

. In addition, our proposed initial Business Combination may
impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or
other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration
we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required
to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available
to us, we will not complete the initial Business Combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial Business Combination,
and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise
funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial
Business Combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation
of the Initial Public Offering, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

of our Public
Shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (B) with
respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity and (iii)
waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares
held by them if the Company fails to complete our initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete its
initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

F- 8 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s
remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption
rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

). 

per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust
Account, if less than per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such
liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to
the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a
third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to
reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all
vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses
or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

in its operating bank
account, in securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its common
stock in connection therewith and a working capital deficit of , which excludes franchise and income taxes payable as such amounts
can be paid from the interest earned in the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022, of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account
represented interest income, which is available to pay the Company s tax obligations. 

F- 9 

from the issuance of these financial statements. If a Business
Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management
has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent
dissolution, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made
to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after April 22, 2023 through November 22,
2023, or such later date as determined by the Company s board of directors, if applicable. The Company intends to complete a Business
Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. 

F- 10 

, of which were charged to temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and
 were expensed to the statements of operations. 

F- 11 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

F- 12 

shares of Class A common stock in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities
or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then shared in the earnings of the Company.
As a result, diluted net income (loss) per common share is the same as basic net income (loss) per common share for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common share

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds
could have a significant adverse impact on the Company's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

of interest income from the Trust Account to pay its taxes. 

F- 13 

Units, inclusive of Units sold to the underwriters upon the underwriters election to partially
exercise their over-allotment option, at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-fourth
of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class
A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 10). 

Private Placement Units at a price of per Private
Placement Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of . The Sponsor purchased Private Placement Units and Jefferies LLC
purchased Private Placement Units. In connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option on
March 30, 2021, the Sponsor purchased an additional Private Placement Units and Jefferies LLC purchased an additional Private
Placement Units. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock Private Placement Share and
one-fourth of one warrant (each, a Private Placement Warrant , and collectively with the Public Warrants, the Warrants ).
Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share,
subject to adjustment. The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering
held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the
sale of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the
requirements of applicable law), and the Private Placement Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless. 

shares of the Company s Class B common stock (the Founder Shares for an aggregate price of . The Founder
Shares included an aggregate of up to shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that
the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will own, on an as-converted basis,
 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor does not purchase any
Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Private Placement Shares). As a result of the underwriters election
to partially exercise their over-allotment option on March 30, 2021, a total of Founder Shares were forfeited and Founder
Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares issued and outstanding. 

F- 14 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20
trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the
Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s
stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

per month for 24 months, or in the aggregate, for office
space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support (which payments will be accelerated if the Company consummates its initial
Business Combination prior to the end of its 24-month term, or in the aggregate). For the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company incurred and paid in fees for these services, of which is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying
balance sheet. For the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and paid 
in fees for these services, of which is included in prepaid expenses in the accompanying balance sheet. 

to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the
 Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the completion
of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of was repaid at the closing of the Initial
Public Offering on March 22, 2021. Borrowings under the Promissory Note are no longer available to the Company. 

of such Working Capital Loans may
be convertible into Units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per Unit. The Units would be identical to the
Private Placement Units. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

to the Company
in anticipation of the amount to be paid for the purchase of additional Private Placement Units in the event the underwriters 
exercise their over-allotment option. The advance is non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, an aggregate
of remains outstanding. 

of legal expenses related to advances made pursuant to indemnity agreements on behalf of the Company s Co-Chief Executive
Officers. 

F- 15 

excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly
traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself,
not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the
shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are
permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same
taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

F- 16 

The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at
the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On March 30, 2021, the underwriters elected to partially
exercise their over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units and forfeited their option to purchase an additional 
Units. 

per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will be forfeited by the underwriters solely in the event that the
Company fails to complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The Company classifies deferred
underwriting commissions as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets
or require the creation of current liabilities. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A common
stock issued and outstanding, and shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption. 

shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. On January 28, 2021, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of shares of Class B
common stock for an aggregate purchase price of , or approximately per share. As a result of the underwriters election
to partially exercise their over-allotment option on March 30, 2021, a total of shares of Class B common stock were forfeited
and shares of Class B common stock are no longer subject to forfeiture, resulting in an aggregate of shares of Class
B common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

of the total number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding after such conversion
(after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A common stock by public stockholders and excluding the shares of Class A common
stock underlying the Private Placement Units), including the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or
issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with
or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities
or rights exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination
or any private placement-equivalent Units issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or certain of the Company s officers and directors
upon conversion of Working Capital Loans made to the Company, provided that such conversion of the shares of Class B common stock will
never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

F- 17 

Public Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued
upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion
of a Business Combination. 

F- 18 

per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue
price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors, and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or
its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance)
(the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity
proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination
(net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the common stock during the 20 trading day period starting
on the trading day after the day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to
be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

Private Placement Warrants outstanding. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold
in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of
the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable, or saleable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination,
subject to certain limited exceptions, and will be entitled to certain registration rights (see Note 8). Additionally, the Private Placement
Warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and be non-redeemable so long as they are
held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees (except for a number of shares of Class A common stock as described above
under Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds . If the Private Placement
Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be
redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

F- 19 

Organizational costs/Startup expenses 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and , respectively, of U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. 

and , respectively. 

F- 20 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Transaction costs allocated to warrants 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 21 

in cash, in U.S. Treasury securities, and 
in money market funds. U.S. Treasury Bills are held to maturity debt securities and are accordingly carried at amortized cost. 

in cash and money market funds that primarily invested in U.S. Treasury securities at
fair market value. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had no withdrawals of income from the trust account. 

1 

Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants 
 2 

Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants 
 2 

F- 22 

Change in fair value 

Transfer to Level 1-June 30, 2021 

Transfer to Level 2-June 30, 2021 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

.
The estimated fair value of the public warrants transferred from a Level 1 measurement to a Level 2 fair value measurement during the
period ended December 31, 2022 was . The estimated fair value of the private placement warrants transferred from a Level 3 measurement
to a Level 2 fair value measurement during the period ended December 31, 2021 was . 

as a capital contribution
from the Company s Co-Chief Executive Officers. 

million and expects adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately
 . 

F- 23 

per share of the Company the right to convert any and
all their Class B Common Stock into Class A common stock, par value per share of the Company on a one-for-one basis prior to the
closing of a business combination at the election of the holder 

following such redemptions. 

of the Company s public shares were redeemed.
As a result, approximately remains in the trust account. 

or (b) for each public share then outstanding, which the Company
agreed to deposit into the trust account at the beginning of each month , for an aggregate deposit of up to the lesser of (a)
 or (b) for each public share then outstanding (if all additional extensions are exercised). In the event the
working capital account has been depleted, the Sponsor, or one or more of its affiliates, members of third party designees agreed to
lend the Company Monthly Deposit in the form of a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note, which the Company agreed to
deposit into the trust account. If the Company completes a business combination and have borrowed money from the Lender under the
Note, the Company will, at the option of the Lender, repay the amounts loaned under the Note or convert a portion or all of the
amounts loaned under such Note into units of the post-business combination entity at a price of per unit at the option of the
Lender, which units will be identical to the private placement units. Additionally, if the Company does not complete a
business combination by the Extended Date, and a Note has been issued by the Lender, such Note will be repaid only from funds
held outside of the trust account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven 

F- 24 

Exhibit Index 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Securities. 
 
 24 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this report). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

66 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 FORUM MERGER IV CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Marshall Kiev 

Name: 
 Marshall Kiev 

Title: 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer, 
 President and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ David Boris 

Name: 
 David Boris 

Title: 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer, 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each
person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Marshall Kiev and David Boris, and each or any one of them, his or her true
and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place
and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all
exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto
said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite
and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby
ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or his or her substitutes or substitute, may lawfully
do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Marshall Kiev 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Marshall Kiev 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ David Boris 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 David Boris 
 
 (principal financial and accounting officer) 

/s/ Neil Goldberg 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Neil Goldberg 

/s/ Richard Katzman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Richard Katzman 

/s/ Steven Berns 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Steven Berns 

/s/ Tory Kiam 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Tory Kiam 

67 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-2_forummerger4.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.2 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As of March 31, 2023, Forum
Merger IV Corporation has three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ): (1) our units; (2) our Class A common stock; and (3) our warrants. 

The following description of
our units, Class A common stock, and warrants is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its
entirety by reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our Bylaws (the Bylaws ),
each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.2 is a part.
We encourage you to read our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of Delaware General
Corporations Law (Title 8, Chapter 1 of the Delaware Code). 

Terms not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.2 is a part. 

Description of Units 

Units 

Each unit has an offering price
of 10.00 and consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant . Each whole warrant entitles the
holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in
our prospectus (the Prospectus ). Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrantholder may exercise its warrants
only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant
holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you
purchase at least four units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. 

Description of Class A Common Stock 

Common stockholders of record
are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class A common stock and holders
of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except as required
by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of
the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required
to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors are divided into two classes, each of which will generally
serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect
to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can
elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors
out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter into an
initial business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such an initial business combination) be required to increase the number
of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the initial business combination
to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing
on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing
directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an
annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not
be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an
annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an
application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

1 

We will provide our stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately
 10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by
the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial
owner must identify itself in order to valid redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement
with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and private placement
shares held by them and any public shares they may acquire during or after the initial public offering (including in open market and privately
negotiated transactions) in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many blank check companies that
hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related
redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if
a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will,
pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC,
and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation will require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the
initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval
of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for
business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial
business combination only if a majority of the then outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business
combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock
of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote
at such meeting. 

However, the participation
of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in the Prospectus),
if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate
their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares
of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. These
quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our
initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares
of common stock sold in the initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would
not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our
initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on
the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete
the initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in
order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

2 

If we seek stockholder approval
in connection with our initial business combination, pursuant to the letter agreement our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed
to vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any public shares acquired during or after the initial public
offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in
addition to our initial stockholders founder shares and the private placement shares to be issued to the sponsor, we would need
only 10,785,001, or 35.95 , of the 30,000,000 public shares sold in the initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business
combination (assuming all outstanding shares are voted and the private placement shares to be issued to the underwriters are voted in
favor of the transaction) in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised).
Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed
transaction (subject to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph). Further, assuming that the over-allotment option is not
exercised, a quorum of 19,215,001 shares of our common stock present in person or by proxy would be required to hold the stockholder meeting
to approve our initial business combination, and, assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted, such approval
would require the affirmative vote of 9,607,502 shares of our common stock, which means that, in addition to our initial stockholders 
founder shares and the private placement shares to be issued to the sponsor, we would need only 1,177,502, or 3.93 , of the 30,000,000
public shares sold in the initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming the private placement
shares to be issued to the underwriters are present in person or by proxy and are voted in favor of the transaction) in order to have
our initial business combination approved. 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of the initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest (which interest shall be
net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of the initial public offering. However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares in or after
the initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares
if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all
assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock,
if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking
fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public
shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon the completion of our
initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Description of Warrants 

1. 
 Public Stockholders Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles
the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed
below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as discussed in the immediately
succeeding paragraph. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrantholder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of
Class A common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will
be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least four units, you will
not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination,
at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

3 

We will not be obligated to
deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise
unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock underlying
the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below
with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon
exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt
under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the
two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise
such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant.
In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant
will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. 

 We have agreed that as soon
as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen (15) business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use
our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become
effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration
of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60 th business day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A
common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition
of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants
who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in
the event we so elect, we will not be required to maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we do not so elect, we
will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption
is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class
A common stock equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common
stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price
of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the
volume weighted average price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which
the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 

Redemption of warrants when the price per share
of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 

Once the warrants become exercisable,
we may call the warrants for redemption (except as described in the Prospectus with respect to the private placement warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrantholder; and 

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments in the Prospectus) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrantholders. 

4 

We will not redeem the warrants
as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is
available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right
even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

We have established the last
of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium
to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrantholder
will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A common stock may fall
below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise
price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Anti-dilution
Adjustments in the Prospectus) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

Redemption of Warrants When the Price Per Share
of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 10.00 

Once the warrants become exercisable,
we may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whol e and not in part; 

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares of Class A common stock to be determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our shares of Class A common stock (as defined below) except as otherwise described below; 

if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments in the Prospectus) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

if the closing price of our Class A common stock for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments in the Prospectus), the private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. 

Beginning on the date the notice
of redemption is given until the warrants are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis.
The numbers in the table below represent the number of shares of Class A common stock that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless
exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our
shares of Class A common stock on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants
are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined for these purposes based on the volume weighted average price of our shares of Class
A common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants,
and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the
table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading
day period described above ends. 

Pursuant to the warrant agreement,
references above to shares of Class A common stock shall include a security other than shares of Class A common stock into which the shares
of Class A common stock have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination.
The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of such securities to issue upon exercise of the warrants
if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination. 

The share prices set forth
in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant
or the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments in the Prospectus. 

5 

If the number of shares issuable
upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior
to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately
prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The
number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise
of a warrant. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted, (a) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the
heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments in the Prospectus, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal
the unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price
as set forth under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments in the Prospectus and the denominator of which is 10.00
and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments 
in the Prospectus, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise
price of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment. 

REDEMPTION DATE 
 REDEMPTION FAIR MARKET VALUE OF SHARES OF CLASS A COMMON STOCK 
 
 (PERIOD TO EXPIRATION OF WARRANTS) 
 10.00 
 11.00 
 12.00 
 13.00 
 14.00 
 15.00 
 16.00 
 17.00 
 18.00 
 
 60 months 
 0.261 
 0.281 
 0.297 
 0.311 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 57 months 
 0.257 
 0.277 
 0.294 
 0.310 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 54 months 
 0.252 
 0.272 
 0.291 
 0.307 
 0.322 
 0.335 
 0.347 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 51 months 
 0.246 
 0.268 
 0.287 
 0.304 
 0.320 
 0.333 
 0.346 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 48 months 
 0.241 
 0.263 
 0.283 
 0.301 
 0.317 
 0.332 
 0.344 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 45 months 
 0.235 
 0.258 
 0.279 
 0.298 
 0.315 
 0.330 
 0.343 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 42 months 
 0.228 
 0.252 
 0.274 
 0.294 
 0.312 
 0.328 
 0.342 
 0.355 
 0.361 
 
 39 months 
 0.221 
 0.246 
 0.269 
 0.290 
 0.309 
 0.325 
 0.340 
 0.354 
 0.361 
 
 36 months 
 0.213 
 0.239 
 0.263 
 0.285 
 0.305 
 0.323 
 0.339 
 0.353 
 0.361 
 
 33 months 
 0.205 
 0.232 
 0.257 
 0.280 
 0.301 
 0.320 
 0.337 
 0.352 
 0.361 
 
 30 months 
 0.196 
 0.224 
 0.250 
 0.274 
 0.297 
 0.316 
 0.335 
 0.351 
 0.361 
 
 27 months 
 0.185 
 0.214 
 0.242 
 0.268 
 0.291 
 0.313 
 0.332 
 0.350 
 0.361 
 
 24 months 
 0.173 
 0.204 
 0.233 
 0.260 
 0.285 
 0.308 
 0.329 
 0.348 
 0.361 
 
 21 months 
 0.161 
 0.193 
 0.223 
 0.252 
 0.279 
 0.304 
 0.326 
 0.347 
 0.361 
 
 18 months 
 0.146 
 0.179 
 0.211 
 0.242 
 0.271 
 0.298 
 0.322 
 0.345 
 0.361 
 
 15 months 
 0.130 
 0.164 
 0.197 
 0.230 
 0.262 
 0.291 
 0.317 
 0.342 
 0.361 
 
 12 months 
 0.111 
 0.146 
 0.181 
 0.216 
 0.250 
 0.282 
 0.312 
 0.339 
 0.361 
 
 9 months 
 0.090 
 0.125 
 0.162 
 0.199 
 0.237 
 0.272 
 0.305 
 0.336 
 0.361 
 
 6 months 
 0.065 
 0.099 
 0.137 
 0.178 
 0.219 
 0.259 
 0.296 
 0.331 
 0.361 
 
 3 months 
 0.034 
 0.065 
 0.104 
 0.150 
 0.197 
 0.243 
 0.286 
 0.326 
 0.361 
 
 0 months 

0.042 
 0.115 
 0.179 
 0.233 
 0.281 
 0.323 
 0.361 

The exact fair market value
and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table
or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued for each
warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower
fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365- or 366-day year, as applicable. For example,
if the volume weighted average price of our shares of Class A common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on
which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until
the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 shares
of Class A common stock for each whole warrant. 

6 

For an example where the exact
fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of our shares of Class
A common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the
warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection
with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 shares of Class A common stock for each whole warrant. In no event will
the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 shares of Class A common
stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to
expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since
they will not be exercisable for any shares of Class A common stock. 

This redemption feature differs
from the typical warrant redemption features used in many other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for a redemption of
warrants for cash (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the shares of Class A common stock exceeds 18.00
per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed
when the shares of Class A common stock are trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our
shares of Class A common stock is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us
with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under
 Redemption of Warrants When the Price Per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 18.00 in the Prospectus.
Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number
of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the date of the Prospectus. This redemption
right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to
our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed and we will be required
to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly
proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in
this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price
to the warrant holders. 

As stated above, we can redeem
the warrants when the shares of Class A common stock are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50,
because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity
to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the shares
of Class A common stock are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving
fewer shares of Class A common stock than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for shares of
Class A common stock if and when such shares of Class A common stock were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 

No fractional shares of Class
A common stock will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share,
we will round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption,
the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance,
if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time
as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the shares of Class A common stock, the surviving company will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to register under the Security Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants within fifteen business
days of the closing of an initial business combination. 

7 

We have agreed that, subject
to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought
and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we
irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. See
 Risk Factors Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated
by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our
company in the Prospectus. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange
Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

2. 
 Private Placement Warrants 

The private placement warrants
(including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or
salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions as described under
the section of the Prospectus entitled Principal Stockholders Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement
Units, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor or the underwriters) and they will
not be redeemable by us (except as described above under Redemption of Warrants When the Price Per Share of Class A Common
Stock Equals or Exceeds 10.00 so long as they are held by our sponsor, the underwriters or their permitted transferees. Our sponsor,
the underwriters and their permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. Except
as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as
part of the units in the initial public offering, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. If the private placement
warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor, the underwriters or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will
be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units
being sold in the initial public offering. 

In addition, for as long as
the private placement warrants are held by the underwriters or their designees or affiliates, they may not be exercised after five years
from the effective date of the registration statement of which the Prospectus forms a part. 

Except as described above under
 Public Stockholders Warrants Redemption of Warrants When the Price Per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals
or Exceeds 10.00 in the Prosecptus, if holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they
would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the sponsor
fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the sponsor fair market value. The sponsor
fair market value will mean the average reported closing price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the
third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed
that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor, the underwriters or their permitted
transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following an initial business combination.
If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to
have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods
of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider will be restricted from trading in our securities if he or
she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who typically could sell the shares of
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants freely in the open market, the insiders could be significantly restricted
from doing so. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. 

In addition, holders of our
private placement warrants are entitled to certain registration rights and any private placement warrants held by the underwriters will
not be exercisable more than five years from the effective date of the registration statement of which the Prospectus forms a part. 

Our sponsor and Jefferies have
agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private placement units (including the underlying securities and the Class A common
stock issuable upon exercise of any of the private placement warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial
business combination, except that, among other limited exceptions as described under the section of the Prospectus entitled Principal
Stockholders Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private placement units made to our officers and directors
and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor. 

8 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_forummerger4.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer
Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Marshall Kiev, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 of Forum Merger IV Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Marshall Kiev 

Marshall Kiev 

Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_forummerger4.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer
Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, David Boris, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 of Forum Merger IV Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ David Boris 

David Boris 

Co-Chief Executive Officer, 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_forummerger4.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Marshall Kiev, Co-Chief Executive Officer of Forum Merger
IV Corporation (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge: 

1. the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 

2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Marshall Kiev 

Marshall Kiev 

Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_forummerger4.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, David Boris, Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer and Director of Forum Merger IV Corporation (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge: 

1. the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 

2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ David Boris 

David Boris 

Co-Chief Executive Officer, 
Chief Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fmiv-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fmiv-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fmiv-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fmiv-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fmiv-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

