<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1626450_0000950170-23-005598.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17135360</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>361716</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2510418</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8257999</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2089368</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3515726</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005598.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301170053
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005598
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BigCommerce Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001626450
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				462707656
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39423
		FILM NUMBER:		23694662

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11305 FOUR POINTS DR, BLDG 2, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78726
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1-888-699-8911

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11305 FOUR POINTS DR, BLDG 2, 3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78726

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005598.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 bigc-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. NO 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error into previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes NO 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market on June 30, 2022, was approximately billion. 
 The number of shares of Registrant s common stock outstanding as of February 24, 2023, was . 
 Auditor Firm ID: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table o f Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 29 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 31 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 44 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 44 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 44 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 45 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 47 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 47 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 47 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 47 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 47 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 48 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 48 

ii 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART I 
 Special note regarding fo rward-looking statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Any statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, predictions, forecasts, objectives, assumptions, or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as anticipate, believe, can, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, should, will, and similar words or phrases. These forward-looking statements include statements concerning the following: 
 our expectations regarding our revenue, expenses, sales, and operations; 

anticipated trends and challenges in our business and the markets in which we operate; 

the war involving Russia and Ukraine and the potential impact on our operations, global economic and geopolitical conditions; 

our anticipated areas of investments and expectations relating to such investments; 

our anticipated cash needs and our estimates regarding our capital requirements and our need for additional financing; 

our ability to compete in our industry and innovation by our competitors; 

our ability to anticipate market needs or develop new or enhanced services to meet those needs; 

our ability to manage growth and to expand our infrastructure; 

our ability to establish and maintain intellectual property rights; 

our ability to manage expansion into international markets and new industries; 

our ability to hire and retain key personnel; 

our ability to successfully identify, manage, and integrate any existing and potential acquisitions; 

our ability to adapt to emerging regulatory developments, technological changes, and cybersecurity needs; 

the anticipated effect on our business of litigation to which we are or may become a party; and 

other statements described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

Although we believe the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties which are subject to change based on various important factors, some of which are beyond our control. For more information regarding these risks and uncertainties as well as certain additional risks that we face, refer to Risk Factors, as well as factors more fully described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 If one or more of the factors affecting the expectations reflected in our forward-looking information and statements proves incorrect, our actual results, performance, or achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, forward-looking information and statements. Therefore, we caution the reader not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking information or statements. The effect of these factors is difficult to predict. Factors other than these also could adversely affect our results, and the reader should not consider these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties. New factors emerge from time to time, and management cannot assess the impact of any such factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Any forward-looking statements only speak as of the date of this document, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking information or statements, whether written or oral, to reflect any change, except as required by law. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements. 
 1 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 1. Bu siness. 
 Overview 
 BigCommerce is leading a new era of ecommerce. Our software-as-a-service SaaS platform simplifies the creation of beautiful, engaging online stores by delivering a unique combination of ease-of-use, enterprise functionality, and flexibility. We power both our customers branded ecommerce stores and their cross-channel connections to popular online marketplaces, social networks, and offline point-of-sale POS systems. 
 BigCommerce empowers businesses to turn digital transformation into a competitive advantage. We allow merchants to build their ecommerce solution their way with the flexibility to fit their unique business and product offerings. We provide a comprehensive platform for launching and scaling an ecommerce operation, including store design, catalog management, hosting, checkout, order management, reporting, and pre-integrations into best of breed third-party services like payments, shipping and fulfillment, point of sale, marketing, accounting and omnichannel. 
 We offer access to our platform on a subscription basis. We serve customers with subscription plans tailored to their size and feature needs. For our larger customers, our Enterprise plan offers our full feature set at a monthly or annual subscription price tailored to each business. For SMBs, BigCommerce Essentials offers three retail plans: Standard, Plus, and Pro, amortized at 29, 79, and 299 per month when paid in full annually, respectively or 39, 105 and 399 if paid monthly, respectively. Our Essentials plans include GMV thresholds with programmatic upgrades built in as merchants exceed each plan s threshold. 
 
 We target the following business segments: 
 large enterprises, which we define as sites with annual online sales over 50 million, 

the mid-market, which we define as sites with annual online sales between 1 million and 50 million, and 

small businesses SMBs ), which we define as sites with annual online sales less than 1 million. 

We serve these segments with a platform offering enterprise-grade functionality, openness and performance capabilities with friendly simplicity and ease-of-use. Our platform is the result of a multi-year investment in platform transformation. In every important component of our platform, we have added advanced functionality and openness using application programming interface API endpoints. That openness has led us to be the second MACH Alliance ecommerce platform vendor. MACH is a not-for-profit industry body that advocates for open and best-of-breed enterprise technology ecosystems and is an industry tech standard describing modern technology. The prerequisites to achieve this standard are: Microservices based, API-first, Cloud-native SaaS and Headless. 
 We strive to provide the world s best SaaS ecommerce platform for all types of customers at all stages of their ecommerce growth. Our platform serves customers across a wide variety of sizes, product categories, and purchase types, including business-to-consumer B2C and business-to-business B2B and Hybrid (B2B-B2C). For the enterprise and mid-market segments, we believe our platform combines three elements not typically offered together: 
 Multi-tenant SaaS. The speed, ease-of-use, high-performance, and continuously-updated benefits associated with multi-tenant SaaS. 

Enterprise functionality. Enterprise-grade functionality capable of supporting sophisticated use cases and significant sales volumes. 

Open SaaS. Platform-wide APIs that enable businesses to customize their sites and integrate with external applications and services. 

We believe this powerful combination makes ecommerce success at scale more economically and operationally achievable than ever before. 
 We have become a leader in both branded-site and omnichannel, or cross-channel commerce. Cross-channel commerce involves the integration of a customer s commerce capabilities with other sites online and offline where consumers and businesses make their purchases. We offer free, direct integrations with leading social networks such as Facebook and Instagram, search engines such as Google, online marketplaces such as Amazon and eBay, and POS platforms such as Square, and Clover (a Fiserv company). A dynamic and growing cross-channel category is headless commerce, which refers to the integration of a back-end commerce platform like ours with a front-end user experience separately created in a content management system CMS or design framework. The most dynamic and interactive online user experiences are often created using these tools. We integrate seamlessly with the leading CMSs, digital experience platforms, design frameworks and custom front ends. 
 Additionally, we see Composable Commerce as another growing technology opportunity for Enterprise ecommerce. Our composable SaaS platform delivers superior financial performance and competitive advantage. Our commitment to composable commerce, which lets customers adapt our platform and integrated applications to their specific needs, appeals to businesses seeking the most modern approach to technology. We lower the financial and operating cost of ecommerce by providing world-class technology as a service, including product, hosting, security, bug fixing and continuous innovation. We believe no other SaaS platform offers comparable enterprise functionality and flexibility at our price point an advantage increasingly recognized by the world s most respected technology analysts. 
 Partners are essential to our open strategy. We believe we possess one of the deepest and broadest ecosystems of integrated technology solutions in the ecommerce industry. We strategically partner with, rather than compete against, the leading providers in adjacent categories, including payments, shipping, POS, CMS, customer relationship management CRM ), enterprise resource planning ERP ), and omnichannel. Our partner-centric strategy stands in contrast to our largest competitors, which operate complex software stacks that compete across categories. We focus our 
 2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 research and development investments in our core product to create a best-of-breed ecommerce platform. We believe this strategy has four advantages: 
 Core product focus. We can create the industry s best ecommerce platform and innovate faster than our competition by focusing development on a single core product. 

Best-of-breed choice. We offer our customers the choice of best-of-breed, tightly integrated solutions across verticals. 

Cooperative marketing and sales. We co-market and co-sell with our strategic technology partners in each category. 

High gross margins. We earn high-margin revenue share from a subset of our strategic technology partners. This complements the high gross margin of our core ecommerce platform. 

BigCommerce s omnichannel offering helps customers advertise and sell successfully through more channels than they could on competitive platforms. We made remarkable progress following our 2021 acquisition of Feedonomics, the industry s best solution for managing product catalog integrations at scale through more than 100 of the world s foremost search, advertising, social network and marketplace channels. Feedonomics features both superior integrations and industry-leading tools for optimizing product feeds to achieve maximum organic performance and return-on-ad-spend. Major channels enabled include Amazon, Facebook/Instagram, Google, Mercado Libre, Microsoft, Target+, TikTok, Walmart and, most recently, Snap. 
 Commerce-as-a-Service, CaaS describes our ability to enable partners to create and sell customized commerce solutions powered by our platform technology. We aim to leverage our Open SaaS platform to empower our ecosystem, not compete with its constituents. Through Commerce-as-a-Service, our partners can combine the power of our platform with their unique use cases and competitive offerings to create comprehensive solutions for their target markets. 
 Our business has achieved significant growth in recent years. We had total revenue of 279.1 million, 219.9 million and 152.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We plan to continue to invest in our Open SaaS strategy, building new partnerships and continuing to develop a platform that offers best-of-breed functionality with the cost-effectiveness of multi-tenant SaaS. As we work to develop and deliver this platform for our customers, we will also invest in and grow our business by acquiring additional customers to our platform, growing our revenue with existing customers, and expanding our presence in new segments and geographies. 
 We have invested, and intend to continue our disciplined investment strategy, to grow our business by expanding our sales and marketing activities, including increasing the breadth and depth of our agency and technology partner ecosystem, enhancing our platform developments, and scaling our operations to support our existing and growing customer base. 
 Industry trends 
 Online shopping behaviors are evolving as ecommerce adoption is growing around the world. This puts tremendous pressure on businesses to pursue digital transformation with technology that innovates as fast as the market. Consumers are rapidly changing how they shop across online and offline channels. Businesses must address the breadth of touch points influencing what and where shoppers buy, including content sites (information and influencers), social networks, search engines, marketplaces, and of course, their own branded sites. While consumer brands historically relied on retail distribution for their products, ecommerce enables a new model of direct-to-consumer, vertically-integrated digitally native brands. Historically, B2B ecommerce adoption has lagged that of B2C, but that is changing. B2B sellers are embracing digital transformation in pursuit of both efficiency and sales effectiveness, in response to business buyers whose user experience expectations have been reshaped by B2C shopping. While the COVID-19 pandemic accelerated some of these trends, the pandemic's impact on these trends has moderated over the past year as pandemic-related restrictions have been lifted. 
 Technology, infrastructure and operations 
 We have designed our platform with enterprise-grade security, reliability, and scalability as top priorities. Our platform is built using best-of-breed open source technologies, deployed across geographically-distributed data centers. Our platform is subject to a rigorous set of security standards designed to ensure the security of customer data. 
 Our customers 
 We serve customers across a range of sizes, geographies, and segments including B2C, B2B, and DNBs. We distinguish market segments based on annual gross merchandise volume GMV per site, specifically: SMB 0 to 1 million), mid-market 1 million to 50 million), and large enterprise (greater than 50 million). One individual customer represented more than 5 of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 International presence 
 We serve customers in more than 150 countries. Our platform enables businesses to create stores in the consumer-facing language and currency of their choice. For the administrative control panel used by our customers to create and manage their stores, we currently allow our customers to select among a range of languages, including English, Chinese, French, Spanish, Italian, and Ukrainian. We plan to add additional languages throughout 2023. 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We maintain our headquarters in Austin, Texas. Approximately 75 of our employees are located in the United States, as of December 31, 2022. We were originally founded in Sydney, Australia. Our APAC presence has driven a 10 and 52 APAC revenue growth for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our London office has contributed to EMEA revenue growth of 34 and 68 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our platform continues to enable customers to self-serve globally, including in regions in which we may lack a local business presence, such as parts of Latin America, Africa, and the Middle East. We have a local presence in a number of key markets, including the Netherlands, France, Italy, Germany, Spain and Mexico, the Nordic region, South America, and additional DACH countries. 
 Competition 
 Our industry is highly competitive and we compete on the principal competitive factors in our market. 
 In the mid-market and enterprise segments, our primary competitors are Magento (an Adobe company), Salesforce Commerce Cloud, commercetools, and Shopify Plus. In the SMB segment, our primary competitors are Shopify and WooCommerce. 
 Intellectual property 
 We rely on a combination of trade secret, trademark, copyright, patent, and other intellectual property laws to protect our intellectual property. We also rely on contractual arrangements, such as license, assignment, and confidentiality agreements, and technical measures. 
 We have two issued patents in the United States, which expire February 10, 2035, and March 20, 2036, respectively. We have been issued federal registrations for trademarks, including BigCommerce, related stylized marks, and Make It Big and have multiple pending trademark applications. We hold domestic and international domain names that include BigCommerce and similar variations. 
 Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,500 full-time employees, including 388 in research and development, 409 in sales and marketing and 703 in general and administrative, professional services, and customer support. Of these employees, 1,131 are in the United States and 369 are in our international locations. We consider our culture and employees to be vital to our success. We have invested substantial time and resources in building our team and culture across all our offices. We are highly dependent on our management, highly-skilled software engineers, and sales personnel, and it is crucial that we continue to attract and retain valuable employees. To facilitate attraction and retention, we strive to make BigCommerce a diverse, inclusive, and safe workplace, with opportunities for our employees to grow and develop in their careers, supported by strong compensation and benefits programs. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by collective bargaining agreements, and we have not experienced any work stoppages. 
 Culture and values 
 Our culture is built on our corporate values: Customers First, Team on a Mission, Think Big, Act with Integrity, and Make a Difference Every Day. Together our values and caring culture create an atmosphere that enables us to successfully recruit and retain talented and passionate team members. Our team members are our secret sauce. Their dedication, talent, and spirit create a virtuous cycle of service, product excellence, and customer satisfaction. 
 We have frequently won best places to work public recognition across our largest work centers of Austin, Texas; San Francisco, California; Sydney, Australia; and London, United Kingdom. 
 Our mission is to power global ecommerce success by delivering the industry s best and most versatile multi-tenant SaaS platform. This mission inspires our employees, who join BigCommerce to accomplish great things for our customers, partners and each other. We, in turn, commit to helping our employees thrive in an environment that is fun, fast-paced, and challenging. 
 Facilities 
 Our worldwide corporate headquarters is located in Austin, Texas. It covers 70,682 square feet pursuant to an operating lease that expires in 2028. We also have office locations key global locations including London, San Francisco, Kyiv, Ukraine and Sydney, Australia. We believe our current facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our current needs. In December 2022, we exited and made the decision to put 40,540 square feet of our Austin headquarters up for sublease. We believe our current facilities are suitable for the composition of our staff and additional or substitute space will be available as needed to accommodate any such expansion of our operations. 
 Seasonality 
 We have historically experienced higher revenue in our fourth quarter compared to other quarters in our fiscal year due in part to seasonal holiday demand. Additionally, new product introductions can significantly impact revenue figures, product costs and operating expenses. However, neither historical seasonal patterns nor historical patterns of product introductions should be considered reliable indicators of our future pattern of product introductions, future revenue or financial performance. 
 Regulatory considerations 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The legal environment of internet-based businesses, both in the United States and internationally, is evolving rapidly and is often unclear. For example, we occasionally cannot be certain which laws will be deemed applicable to us given the global nature of our business. This ambiguity includes topics such as data privacy and security, pricing, advertising, taxation, content regulation, and intellectual property ownership and infringement. See the section titled Risk Factors Risks related to our business and industry Evolving global internet laws, regulations and standards, privacy and security regulations, cross-border data transfer restrictions, and data localization requirements, may limit the use and adoption of our services, expose us to liability, or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 Legal proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. We have received, and may in the future continue to receive, claims from third parties asserting, among other things, infringement of their intellectual property rights. Future litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves, our partners and our customers by determining the scope, enforceability and validity of third-party proprietary rights, or to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 Other Information 
 Our internet website is www.bigcommerce.com. We make available, free of charge through our website, our Form 10-Ks, 10-Qs and 8-Ks, and any amendments to these forms, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing with, or furnishing to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Information contained in our website does not constitute a part of this report or our other filings with the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using our investor relations website (investors.bigcommerce.com), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We intend to use our investor relations website as a means of disclosing information about our business, our financial condition and results of operations and other matters and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. The information we post on our investor relations website, including information contained in investor presentations, may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor our investor relations website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. 
 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 1A. Ris k Factors. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 We are providing the following summary of the risk factors contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to enhance the readability and accessibility of our risk factor disclosures. We encourage you to carefully review the full risk factors contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in their entirety for additional information regarding the material factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 We have a history of operating losses, and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve profitability on our anticipated timeline or sustain it thereafter; 

We have experienced significant growth in recent periods, and our recent growth rates may not be indicative of our future growth; 

We face intense competition and may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position, which may harm our ability to add new customers, retain existing customers, and grow our business; 

Our success depends in part on our partner-centric strategy; 

Failure to effectively develop and expand our marketing and sales capabilities could harm our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our platform; 

To the extent our security measures, or those of our third-party partners or service providers, are actually or perceived to have been compromised, our platform may be perceived as not being secure. This may result in customers curtailing or ceasing their use of our platform, our reputation being harmed, our incurring significant liabilities, and adverse effects on our results of operations and growth prospects; 

Increases in cost, interruptions in service, latency, or poor service from our third-party data center providers could impair the delivery of our platform; 

If the security of information we possess is compromised or is otherwise accessed without authorization, our reputation may be harmed and we may be exposed to liability and loss of business; 

If there are interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology or infrastructure, our customers, partners and prospects may experience service outages, and delays in using our platform; 

If we fail to maintain or grow our brand recognition, our ability to expand our customer base will be impaired and our financial condition may suffer; 

If we fail to offer high quality support, our business and reputation could suffer; 

Evolving global laws, regulations and standards on privacy and data security, restrictions on cross-border data transfers, and data localization requirements may limit the use and adoption of our services, expose us to liability, or otherwise adversely affect our business; 

Activities of customers, their shoppers, and our partners could damage our brand, subject us to liability and harm our business and financial results; 

We could incur substantial costs in protecting or defending our proprietary rights. Failure to adequately protect our rights could impair our competitive position. We could lose valuable assets, experience reduced revenue, and incur costly litigation; 

We have been, and may in the future be, subject to legal proceedings and litigation, including intellectual property disputes. Such disputes are costly and may subject us to significant liability and increased costs of doing business. Our business may suffer if it is alleged or determined that our technology infringes the intellectual property rights of others; 

We may acquire or invest in companies, which may divert our management s attention and result in additional dilution to our stockholders. We may be unable to integrate acquired businesses and technologies successfully or achieve the expected benefits of such acquisitions; 

Our use of open source software could subject us to possible litigation or cause us to subject our platform to unwanted open source license conditions that could negatively impact our sales; 

If our platform fails to perform properly, and if we fail to develop enhancements to resolve performance issues, we could lose customers, become subject to performance or warranty claims, or incur significant costs; 

Payment transactions on our ecommerce platform subject us to regulatory requirements, additional fees, and other risks that could be costly and difficult to comply with or that could harm our business; 

We provide our ecommerce platform to businesses in highly-regulated industries, which subjects us to a number of challenges and risks; 

Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations; 

Mobile devices are increasingly being used to conduct commerce. If our platform does not operate as effectively when accessed through these devices, our customers and their shoppers may not be satisfied with our services, which could harm our business; 

6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us or our customers could increase the cost of our ecommerce platform and adversely impact our business; 

The market price of shares of our common stock has been volatile, which could cause the value of your investment to decline; 

Our failure to raise capital when needed could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Debt or equity issued to raise additional capital may reduce the value of our common stock; 

Insiders have substantial control over us, which may limit our stockholders ability to influence corporate matters and delay or prevent a third party from acquiring control over us; 

If our operating and financial performance in any given period does not meet the guidance that we provide to the public or the expectations of investment analysts, the market price of our common stock may decline; 

The requirements of being a public company, including compliance with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the requirements of Nasdaq, may strain our resources, increase our costs and distract management, and we may be unable to comply with these requirements in a timely or cost-effective manner 

Provisions in our organizational documents and certain rules imposed by regulatory authorities may delay or prevent our acquisition by a third party; 

The provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requiring exclusive venue in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States for certain types of lawsuits may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers; 

Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate. Even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all; 

We anticipate that our operations will continue to increase in complexity as we grow, which will create management challenges; 

We depend on our senior management team and the loss of one or more key employees or an inability to attract and retain highly skilled employees could adversely affect our business; 

If we are unable to maintain our corporate culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, teamwork, passion, and focus on execution that we believe contribute to our success, and our business may be harmed; 

Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy, or reductions in IT spending, could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our results of operations; 

Operations at our strategic development center in Kyiv, Ukraine have been impacted as a result of ongoing military action by Russia in Ukraine and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by any negative impact on the global economy resulting from the conflict in Ukraine or the unavailability of our personnel in Ukraine; 

Natural catastrophic events and man-made problems such as power disruptions, computer viruses, global pandemics, data security breaches and terrorism may disrupt our business; 

Indemnity provisions in various agreements potentially expose us to substantial liability for intellectual property infringement, data protection, and other losses; 

Our current operations are international in scope. We plan further geographic expansion, which creates a variety of operational challenges. We are subject to risks from geopolitical crises, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine; 

Our international operations may subject us to potential adverse tax consequences; 

We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and subject us to liability if we violate the controls; 

We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our operating results; 

We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, and similar laws. Non-compliance with such laws could subject us to criminal and/or civil liability and harm our business; and 

Changes in subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters or changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, could significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Risk Factors 
 The following section discusses material risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business and financial condition. Investing in our common stock involves substantial risks. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of the Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding to invest in our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. The occurrence of any of the following risks, or additional risks that we are unaware of, could materially and adversely affect 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 our business, strategies, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In such a case, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 Risks related to the growth and profitability of our business. 
 We have a history of operating losses, and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve profitability on our anticipated timeline or sustain it thereafter. 
 We have not yet achieved profitability. We incurred net losses of 139.9 million, 76.7 million and 37.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 529.9 million. While we have experienced significant revenue growth over recent periods, we may not be able to sustain or increase our growth or achieve profitability in the future. While we have announced our intention to prioritize profitability, we intend to continue to invest in sales and marketing efforts and research and development, and we may be unable to achieve profitability on our anticipated timeline. Our decision to prioritize profitability on our planned timeline may not prove successful and may not yield desired outcomes. While our revenue has grown in recent years, if our revenue declines or fails to grow at a rate faster than increases in our operating expenses, we will not be able to achieve and maintain profitability in future periods. As a result, we may continue to generate losses. We cannot assure you that we will achieve profitability in the future or that, if we do become profitable, we will be able to sustain profitability. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods. If these losses exceed our expectations or our revenue growth expectations are not met in future periods, our financial performance will be harmed. 
 We have experienced significant growth in recent periods, and our recent growth rates may not be indicative of our future growth. 
 We have experienced significant growth in recent years. In future periods, we may not be able to sustain revenue growth consistent with recent history, or at all. We believe our revenue growth depends on a number of factors, including: 
 our ability to attract new customers and retain and increase sales to existing customers; 

our ability to maintain and expand our relationships with our partners; 

our ability to, and the ability of our partners to, successfully implement our platform, increase our existing customers use of our platform, and provide our customers with excellent customer support; 

our ability to increase the number of our partners; 

our ability to develop our existing platform and introduce new functionality to our platform; 

our ability to expand into new market segments and internationally; and 

our ability to earn revenue share and customer referrals from our partner ecosystem. 

We may not accomplish any of these objectives and, as a result, it is difficult for us to forecast our future revenue or revenue growth. If our assumptions are incorrect or change in reaction to changes in our market, it may be difficult to achieve and maintain profitability. You should not rely on our revenue for any prior periods as any indication of our future revenue or revenue growth. 
 We are increasingly focusing our sales and marketing efforts on enterprise accounts. Our business would be harmed if we fail to implement this strategy successfully. 
 As our efforts increasingly focus on enterprise accounts, we may face greater sales, marketing, development and support costs, longer sales cycles and more unpredictability in attracting or retaining enterprise accounts. 
 Our success in this enterprise focus will depend on our ability to effectively transition some existing SMB sales and marketing personnel and resources to the enterprise segment. This transition may not be successful. Our expanded enterprise sales and marketing efforts may not succeed in identifying a sufficient volume of quality enterprise opportunities, or may not do so cost effectively. We may not be able to develop the enhanced or specialized features required by current or prospective enterprise accounts in a timely or cost-efficient manner. 
 A core component of our enterprise strategy is to sell complementary and increasingly sophisticated services to enterprises. These cross-selling and up-selling efforts may not be successful or materialize at the rates that we forecast. Additionally, we may experience longer sales cycles as our mix is increasingly composed of enterprise accounts. 
 Our increased focus on enterprise accounts may cause near-term variability in our operating results as we attempt to expand our enterprise sales pipeline. We may see a decrease in bookings with SMB merchants as our sales and marketing efforts are increasingly directed toward enterprise opportunities. We expect a relatively small number of new enterprise accounts to constitute a more material portion of our total bookings in any given period. As a result, even if our increased shift toward enterprise accounts is successful, we may experience less stable or less predictable bookings between periods. This may make it challenging for us to accurately forecast our results. 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our success depends in part on our partner-centric strategy. Our business would be harmed if we fail to maintain or expand partner relationships. 
 Strategic technology partners are essential to our open strategy. A significant percentage of our customers choose to integrate our ecommerce platform with third-party application providers using our open APIs and software development kits. The functionality and popularity of our platform depends, in part, on our ability to integrate our platform with third-party applications and platforms, including marketplaces and social media sites. We are dependent on strategic technology partner solutions for major ecommerce categories, including payments, shipping, tax, accounting, ERP, marketing, fulfillment, cross-channel commerce, and POS. We will continue to depend on various third-party relationships to sustain and grow our business. Third-party application providers sites may change the features of their applications and platforms or alter their governing terms. They may restrict our ability to add, customize or integrate systems, functionality and shopper experiences. Such changes could limit or terminate our ability to use these third-party applications and platforms and provide our customers a highly extensible and customizable experience. This could negatively impact our offerings and harm our business. Marketplaces or social networks that have allowed limited integration into their platforms, such as Amazon, eBay, Facebook and Instagram, may discontinue our access or allow other platforms to integrate or integrate more easily. This would increase competition for ecommerce platforms across their solutions. Our business will be negatively impacted if we fail to retain these relationships for any reason, including due to third parties failure to support or secure their technology or our integrations; errors, bugs, or defects in their technology; or changes in our platform. Any such failure could harm our relationship with our customers, our reputation and brand, our revenue, our business, and our results of operations. 
 Strategic technology partners and third parties may not be successful in building integrations, co-marketing our platform to provide a significant volume and quality of lead referrals, or continuing to work with us as their products evolve. Identifying, negotiating and documenting relationships with additional strategic technology partners requires significant resources. Integrating third-party technology can be complex, costly and time-consuming. Third parties may be unwilling to build integrations. We may be required to devote additional resources to develop integrations for business applications on our own. Providers of business applications with which we have integrations may decide to compete with us or enter into arrangements with our competitors, resulting in such providers withdrawing support for our integrations. Any failure of our platform to operate effectively with business applications could reduce the demand for our platform, resulting in customer dissatisfaction and harm to our business. If we are unable to respond to these changes or failures in a cost-effective manner, our platform may become less marketable, less competitive, or obsolete, and our results of operations may be negatively impacted. 
 We have strategic technology partnerships with third parties that pay us a revenue share on their gross sales to our joint customers and/or collaborate to co-sell and co-market BigCommerce to new customers. Certain of those strategic technology partners generate significant revenue for us, including PayPal, Google, and Stripe. While our contracts with strategic technology partners generally limit the ability of such partners to terminate the contract for convenience on short notice, certain of our strategic technology partners have termination for convenience clauses in their contracts with us. Any companies we may acquire, may have strategic technology partners which may be different or competitive with the relationships we have. If our relationships with our strategic technology partners or the partners of companies we acquire are disrupted, we may receive less revenue and incur costs to form other revenue-generating strategic technology partnerships. If our strategic technology partners or the partners of companies we acquire were to be acquired by a competitor or were to acquire a competitor, it could compromise these relationships. This could harm our relationship with our customers, our reputation and brand, and our business and results of operations. 
 We are unable to track revenue-sharing on a real-time basis for some strategic technology partners, which can lead to delays and inaccuracies in reporting in accounting and revenue. In the past we have had, we currently have, and in the future we could have, disagreements with certain of our strategic technology partners on the amount of revenue share we are owed. Our forecasts for revenue-sharing arrangements and collaborations may be inaccurate. If we fail to accurately forecast the amount of revenue generated from our strategic technology partner relationships, our business and results of operations may be negatively impacted. 
 We leverage the sales and referral resources of agency and referral partners through a variety of programs. If we are unable to effectively utilize, maintain and expand these relationships, our revenue growth would slow, we would need to devote additional resources to the development, sales, and marketing of our platform, and our financial results and future growth prospects would be harmed. Our referral partners may demand greater referral fees or commissions. 
 Our ability to forecast our future results of operations is subject to many risks and uncertainties and our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations. 
 Our ability to accurately forecast our future results of operations is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. It is difficult to predict customer demand for our platform, customer retention and expansion rates, the size and growth rate of the market, the entry of competitive products, or the success of existing competitive products. Our historical revenue growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance. In future periods, our revenue growth could slow or our revenue could decline for a number of reasons, including slowing demand for our services, increasing competition, changing technology, decreasing growth of our market, or our failure, for any reason, to take advantage of growth opportunities. If our assumptions regarding these risks, uncertainties, or future revenue growth are incorrect, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations, and our business could suffer. 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Failure to effectively develop and expand our marketing and sales capabilities could harm our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our platform. If we are not able to generate traffic to our website through digital marketing our ability to attract new customers may be impaired. 
 Our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our ecommerce platform will depend on our ability to expand our marketing and sales operations. We plan to continue expanding our sales force and strategic partners, both domestically and internationally. We also plan to continue dedicating significant resources to sales and marketing programs, including search engines and other online advertising. The effectiveness of our online advertising may continue to vary due to competition for key search terms, changes in search engine use, and changes in search algorithms used by major search engines and other digital marketing platforms. Our business and operating results will be harmed if our sales and marketing efforts do not generate a corresponding increase in revenue. We may not achieve anticipated revenue growth from expanding our sales force if we are unable to hire, develop, and retain talented sales personnel, if our new sales personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time, or if our sales and marketing programs are not effective. 
 If the cost of marketing our platform over search engines or other digital marketing platforms increases, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Competitors also may bid on the search terms that we use to drive traffic to our website. Such actions could increase our marketing costs and result in decreased traffic to our website. 
 Furthermore, search engines and digital marketing platforms may change their advertising policies from time to time. If these policies delay or prevent us from advertising through these channels, it could result in reduced traffic to our website and subscriptions to our platform. New search engines and other digital marketing platforms may develop, particularly in specific jurisdictions, that reduce traffic on existing search engines and digital marketing platforms. If we are not able to achieve prominence through advertising or otherwise, we may not achieve significant traffic to our website through these new platforms and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 To the extent our security measures, or those of our third-party partners or service providers, are actually or perceived to have been compromised, our platform may be perceived as not being secure. This may result in customers curtailing or ceasing their use of our platform, our reputation being harmed, our incurring significant liabilities, and adverse effects on our results of operations and growth prospects. 
 Our operations involve the storage and transmission of customer and shopper data, which includes personal, sensitive and confidential information. Cyberattacks and other malicious internet-based activity continue to increase, and cloud-based platform providers of services are expected to continue to be targeted. Threats include traditional computer hackers, malicious code (such as viruses, worms, and ransomware), employee theft or misuse, action or inaction by our employees or contractors, and denial-of-service attacks. Sophisticated nation-states and nation-state supported actors now engage in such attacks, including advanced persistent threat intrusions. Despite significant efforts to create security barriers to such threats, it is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate these risks. We and our third-party partners and service providers also may face difficulties or delays in identifying, remediating or otherwise responding to, cyberattacks and other security breaches and incidents. We have been subject to cyber-attacks and attempts in the past and may continue to be subject to such attacks in the future. Though no such incident to date has had a material impact on our business, we cannot guarantee that we will not experience material or adverse effects from any future incident. We have incurred substantial costs in efforts to protect against and address potential impacts of security breaches and incidents, and anticipate doing so in the future. Nevertheless, while we employ a number of security measures designed to prevent, detect, and mitigate potential for harm to our platform, these measures may not be effective in every instance. 
 Further, when we acquire companies that do not have security measures that are as robust as the measures we have in place, the foregoing risks may increase. If our security measures are actually or perceived to be compromised as a result of third-party action, employee or customer error, malfeasance, stolen or fraudulently obtained log-in credentials, or otherwise, our reputation could be damaged, our business may be harmed, and we could incur significant liability. We may be unable to anticipate or prevent techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to compromise our systems because they change frequently and are generally not detected until after an incident has occurred. As we rely on third-party and public-cloud infrastructure, we will depend in part on third-party security measures to protect against unauthorized access, cyberattacks, and the mishandling of customer or shopper data. A cybersecurity event could have significant costs, including regulatory enforcement actions, litigation, litigation indemnity obligations, civil or criminal penalties, operational changes, remediation costs, network downtime, increases in insurance premiums, and reputational damage. Our cyber insurance may not protect against all of the costs, liabilities, and other adverse effects arising from a security breach or system failure. Many companies that provide cloud-based services have reported a significant increase in cyberattack activity, and such increase may continue. 
 We depend on third-party data hosting and transmission services. Increases in cost, interruptions in service, latency, or poor service from our third-party data center providers could impair the delivery of our platform. This could result in customer or shopper dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, loss of customers, limited growth, and reduction in revenue. 
 We currently serve the majority of our platform functions from third-party data center hosting facilities operated by Google Cloud Platform in the United States. We are in the process of expanding our infrastructure capabilities into overseas data centers of Google Cloud Platform. We serve ancillary functions for our customers from third-party data center hosting facilities operated by Amazon Web Services, located in Virginia. Our platform is deployed to multiple data centers within these geographies, with additional geographies available for disaster recovery. Our operations depend, in part, on our third-party providers protection of these facilities from natural disasters, power or telecommunications failures, criminal acts, or similar events. If any third-party facility s arrangement is terminated, or its service lapses, we could experience interruptions in our platform, latency, as well as delays and additional expenses in arranging new facilities and services. 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 A significant portion of our operating cost is from our third-party data hosting and transmission services. If the costs for such services increase due to vendor consolidation, regulation, contract renegotiation or otherwise, we may not be able to increase the fees for our ecommerce platform or professional services to cover the changes. As a result, our operating results may be significantly worse than forecasted. Our servers may be unable to achieve or maintain data transmission capacity sufficient for timely service of increased traffic or order processing. Our failure to achieve or maintain sufficient and performant data transmission capacity could significantly reduce demand for our platform. 
 Our customers often draw many shoppers over short periods of time, including from new product releases, holiday shopping seasons and flash sales. These events significantly increase the traffic on our servers and the volume of transactions processed on our platform. Despite precautions taken at our data centers, spikes in usage volume, or a natural disaster, an act of terrorism, vandalism or sabotage, closure of a facility without adequate notice, or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions or performance degradation of our platform. Any damage to, or failure of, the systems of our third-party providers could result in interruptions to our platform. Even with current and planned disaster recovery arrangements, our business could be harmed. If we experience damage or interruption, our insurance policies may not adequately compensate us for or protect us against any losses, liabilities and costs that we may incur. These factors in turn could further reduce our revenue, subject us to liability, cause us to issue credits, or cause customers to terminate their subscriptions, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. 
 If there are interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology or infrastructure, our existing customers may experience service outages, and our new customers may experience delays in using our platform. 
 Our operational performance and profitability depend, in part, on the ability of our existing and potential customers to access our platform 24 hours a day, seven days a week, without interruption or performance degradation. We have experienced and may, in the future, experience disruptions, data loss, outages, and other performance problems with our infrastructure. These can be due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, introductions of new functionality, human or software errors, capacity constraints, denial-of-service attacks, or other security-related incidents, any of which may be recurring. As we continue to add customers, expand geographically, and enhance our platform s functionality, the additional scale may increase complexity and our average uptime for future periods may decrease. We may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems promptly. If our platform is unavailable or if our customers are unable to access our platform within a reasonable amount of time, our business would be harmed. Any outage on our platform would impair the ability of our customers to engage in ecommerce, which would negatively impact our brand, reputation and customer satisfaction. We provide service credits to our customers for downtime they experience using our platform. Any downtime or malfunction could require us to issue a significant amount of service credits to customers. At times, we issue service credits to customers that we are not able to identify as having been affected by an incident. Issuing a significant amount of service credits would negatively impact our financial position. We depend on services from various third parties to maintain our infrastructure and any disruptions to these services, including from causes outside our control, would significantly impact our platform. In the future, these services may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Loss of any of these services could decrease our platform s functionality until we develop equivalent technology or, if equivalent technology is available from another party, we identify, obtain, and integrate it into our infrastructure. If we do not accurately predict our infrastructure capacity requirements, our customers could experience service shortfalls. We may also be unable to address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems, and develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated technology changes. 
 Any of the above circumstances or events may harm our reputation, cause customers to terminate their agreements with us, impair our ability to grow our customer base, subject us to financial liabilities under our service level agreements SLAs ), and otherwise harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our sales cycle with mid-market and large enterprise customers can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. 
 The timing of our sales with our mid-market and large enterprise customers and related revenue recognition is difficult to predict because of the length and unpredictability of the sales cycle for these customers. Mid-market and large enterprise customers, particularly those in highly regulated industries and those requiring customized applications, may have a lengthy sales cycle for the evaluation and implementation of our platform. This may cause a delay between increasing operating expenses for such sales efforts and, upon successful sales, the generation of corresponding revenue. We are often required to spend significant time and resources to better educate our potential mid-market and large enterprise customers and familiarize them with the platform. The length of our sales cycle for these customers, from initial evaluation to contract execution, is generally three to six months but can vary substantially. On occasion, some customers will negotiate their contracts to include a trial period, delayed payment or a number of months on a promotional basis. 
 Much of our revenue is generated from the recognition of contract liabilities from contracts entered into during previous periods. Customers often view a subscription to our ecommerce platform and services as a strategic decision with significant investment. As a result, customers frequently require considerable time to evaluate, test, and qualify our platform prior to entering into or expanding a subscription. During the sales cycle, we expend significant time and money on sales and marketing and contract negotiation activities, which may not result in a sale. Additional factors that may influence the length and variability of our sales cycle include: 
 the effectiveness of our sales force as we hire and train our new salespeople to sell to mid-market and large enterprise customers; 

the discretionary nature of purchasing and budget cycles and decisions; 

the obstacles placed by customers procurement process; 

economic conditions and other factors impacting customer budgets; 

11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 customers integration complexity; 

customers familiarity with SaaS ecommerce solutions; 

customers evaluation of competing products during the purchasing process; and 

evolving customer demands. 

Given these factors, it is difficult to predict whether and when a sale will be completed, and when revenue from a sale will be recognized. Consequently, a shortfall in demand for our solutions and services or a decline in new or renewed contracts in a given period may not significantly reduce our revenue for that period but could negatively affect our revenue in future periods. 
 If we fail to maintain or grow our brand recognition, our ability to expand our customer base will be impaired and our financial condition may suffer. 
 We believe maintaining and growing the BigCommerce brand is important to supporting continued acceptance of our existing and future solutions, attracting new customers to our platform, and retaining existing customers. We also believe that the importance of brand recognition will increase as competition in our market increases. Successfully maintaining our brand will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, our ability to provide a reliable and useful platform to meet the needs of our customers at competitive prices, our ability to maintain our customers trust, our ability to continue to develop new functionality and solutions, and our ability to successfully differentiate our platform. Additionally, our partners performance may affect our brand and reputation if customers do not have a positive experience. Brand promotion activities may not generate customer awareness or yield increased revenue. Even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incurred in building our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, we may fail to attract enough new customers or retain our existing customers to realize a sufficient return on our brand-building efforts, and our business could suffer. 
 If we fail to offer high quality support, our business and reputation could suffer. 
 Our customers rely on our personnel for support related to our subscription and customer solutions. High-quality support is important for the renewal and expansion of our agreements with existing customers. The importance of high-quality support will increase as we expand our business and pursue new customers, particularly mid-market and large enterprise customers. If we do not help our customers quickly resolve issues and provide effective ongoing support, our ability to sell new software to existing and new customers could suffer and our reputation with existing or potential customers could be harmed. 
 We store personal information of our customers and their shoppers. If the security of this information is compromised or is otherwise accessed without authorization, our reputation may be harmed and we may be exposed to liability and loss of business. 
 We transmit or store personal information, credit card information and other confidential information of our partners, our customers, and their shoppers. Third-party applications available on our platform and mobile applications may also store personal information, credit card information, and other confidential information. We generally cannot and do not proactively monitor the content that our customers upload or the information provided to us through the applications integrated with our ecommerce platform; therefore, we do not control the substance of the content on our servers, which may include personal information. 
 We use third-party service providers and subprocessors to help us deliver services to customers and their shoppers. These service providers and subprocessors may store personal information, credit card information and/or other confidential information. Such information may be the target of unauthorized access or subject to security breaches as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise. Many companies that provide these services have reported a significant increase in cyberattack activity since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. Any of these could (a) result in the loss of information, litigation, indemnity obligations, damage to our reputation and other liability, or (b) have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Even if such a data breach did not arise out of our action or inaction, or if it were to affect one or more of our competitors or our customers competitors, rather than us, the resulting concern could negatively affect our customers and our business. Concerns regarding data privacy and security may cause some of our customers to stop using our platform and fail to renew their subscriptions. In addition, failures to meet our customers or shoppers expectations with respect to security and confidentiality of their data and information could damage our reputation and affect our ability to retain customers, attract new customers, and grow our business. 
 Our failure to comply with legal, contractual, or standards-based requirements around the security of personal information could lead to significant fines and penalties, as well as claims by our customers, their shoppers, or other stakeholders. When we acquire companies that do not have security measures that are as robust as the measures we have in place, such as Feedonomics, B2B Ninja, or Bundle, the risk of fines and penalties may increase. Any such proceedings or violations could force us to spend money in defense or settlement of these proceedings, result in the imposition of monetary liability or injunctive relief, divert management s time and attention, increase our costs of doing business, and materially adversely affect our reputation and the demand for our platform. 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 If our security measures fail to protect credit card information adequately, we could be liable to our partners, the payment card associations, our customers, their shoppers and consumers with whom we have a direct relationship. In addition, we could be subject to fines and higher transaction fees, face regulatory or other legal action, or lose customers. The limitations of liability in our contracts may not be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. 
 Our insurance coverage, including coverage for errors and omissions and cyber liability, may not continue to be available on acceptable terms or may not be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims. Our insurers could deny coverage as to any future claim and our cyber liability coverage may not adequately protect us against any losses, liabilities and costs that we may incur. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us, or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or coinsurance requirements, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are also subject to federal, state, and foreign laws regarding cybersecurity and the protection of data. Many jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of security breaches involving certain types of personal information. Our agreements with certain customers and partners require us to notify them of certain security incidents. Some jurisdictions and customers require us to safeguard personal information or confidential information using specific measures. If we fail to observe these requirements, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Failure to adequately protect our proprietary rights could impair our competitive position. We could incur substantial costs in protecting or defending our proprietary rights. We could lose valuable assets, experience reduced revenue, and incur costly litigation. 
 Our success is dependent, in part, upon protecting our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of trade secret laws, contractual provisions, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, and patents in an effort to establish and protect our proprietary rights. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may be inadequate. We make business decisions about when to seek patent protection for a particular technology and when to rely upon trade secret protection. The approach we select may ultimately prove to be inadequate. 
 Our patents or patents issued in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages, or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Any of our patents, trademarks, or other intellectual property rights may be challenged or circumvented by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. Others may independently develop similar products, duplicate our solutions, design around our patents, or adopt similar or identical brands for competing platforms. Legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy our platform and use information that we regard as proprietary to create products and services that compete with ours. Some license provisions restricting unauthorized use, copying, transfer, and disclosure of our intellectual property may be unenforceable under the laws of jurisdictions outside the United States. 
 To the extent we expand our international activities, our exposure to unauthorized copying and use of our platform and proprietary information may increase. Moreover, effective trademark, copyright, patent, and trade secret protection may not be available or commercially feasible in every country in which we conduct business. Further, intellectual property laws, including statutory and case laws, particularly in the United States, is constantly developing. Changes in the law could make it harder for us to enforce our rights. 
 We enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants, and we enter into confidentiality agreements with strategic and business partners. These agreements may not be effective in controlling access to and distribution of our proprietary information. These agreements do not prevent our competitors or partners from independently developing technologies that are equivalent or superior to our platform. 
 We may be required to spend significant resources to monitor, protect, and enforce our intellectual property rights. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and protect our trade secrets. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming, and distracting to management. Such litigation could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Enforcement of our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property. An adverse determination of any litigation proceedings could put our intellectual property at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. An adverse determination could risk the issuance or cancellation of pending patent and trademark filings. Because of the substantial discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, our confidential or sensitive information could be compromised by disclosure in litigation. Litigation could result in public disclosure of results of hearings, motions, or other interim developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 Our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management s attention and resources, could delay further sales or the implementation of our platform, impair the functionality of our platform, delay introductions of new functionality to our platform, result in the substitution of inferior or more costly technologies into our platform, or injure our reputation. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property. Policing unauthorized use of our technologies, trade secrets, and intellectual property may be difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States and where mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be weak. If we fail to meaningfully protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We have been, and may in the future be, subject to legal proceedings and litigation, including intellectual property disputes, which are costly and may subject us to significant liability and increased costs of doing business. Our business may suffer if it is alleged or determined that our technology infringes the intellectual property rights of others. 
 The software industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual and proprietary rights. Companies in the software industry are often required to defend against litigation claims based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. Our technologies may not be able to withstand any third-party claims or rights against their use. These lawsuits are time-consuming and expensive to resolve and they divert management s time and attention. Our future success depends in part on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. 
 Many software companies have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. Any litigation may also involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners that have no relevant product revenue and against which our patents may therefore provide little or no deterrence. We have and may in the future need to enter into settlement agreements that require us to pay settlement fees and that encumber a portion of our intellectual property. Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, whether or not successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages, ongoing royalty or license payments, require us to re-engineer all or a portion of our platform, or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. If a third party is able to obtain an injunction preventing us from accessing third-party intellectual property rights, or if we cannot license or develop technology for any infringing aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit or stop sales of our software or cease business activities covered by such intellectual property. It could prevent us from competing effectively. 
 We are contractually obligated to indemnify certain of our customers for infringement of a third party s intellectual property rights. From time to time, we have received indemnification requests with respect to alleged infringement of third party intellectual property rights. Responding to such claims regardless of their merit, can be time-consuming, costly to defend in litigation, and damage our reputation and brand. We also may be required to redesign our platform, delay releases, enter into costly settlement or license agreements, pay costly damage awards, or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing or selling our platform. Requiring us to change one or more aspects of the way we deliver our platform may harm our business. 
 Although we carry general liability insurance and other insurance, our insurance may not cover potential claims of this type. Our insurance may not be adequate to cover us for all liability that may be imposed. We may not be able to maintain our insurance coverage. We cannot predict the outcome of lawsuits, and cannot assure you that the results of any of these actions will not have an adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 We may acquire or invest in companies, which may divert our management s attention and result in additional dilution to our stockholders. We may be unable to integrate acquired businesses and technologies successfully or achieve the expected benefits of such acquisitions. 
 We may evaluate and consider potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, technologies, services, products, and other assets in the future. For example, in July 2021, we acquired Feedonomics for total purchase consideration of approximately 146.1 million, with approximately 81.1 million in cash paid at closing, 32.5 million paid in cash at the first anniversary of closing and up to 32.5 million to be paid at the second anniversary of closing or upon the earlier achievement of certain milestones. We may elect to make the second anniversary payment partially or entirely in shares of our common stock in lieu of cash. Accordingly, our stockholders may incur dilution resulting from the payment of the second anniversary payment in shares of our common stock, the resale of which we would be obligated to register on Form S-3. 
 An acquisition, investment or business relationship may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. In particular, we may encounter difficulties assimilating or integrating the businesses, technologies, products, personnel, or operations of the acquired companies. Key personnel of the acquired companies may choose not to work for us, their software may not be easily adapted to work with ours, or we may have difficulty retaining the customers of any acquired business due to changes in ownership, management, or otherwise. We may also experience difficulties integrating personnel of the acquired company into our business and culture. Acquisitions may also disrupt our business, divert our resources and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for development of our existing business. The anticipated benefits of any acquisition, investment, or business relationship may not be realized or we may be exposed to unknown risks or liabilities. 
 Negotiating these transactions can be time-consuming, difficult, and expensive, and our ability to close these transactions may often be subject to approvals that are beyond our control. Consequently, these transactions, even if undertaken and announced, may not close. For one or more of those transactions, we may: 
 issue additional equity securities that would dilute our stockholders; 

use cash that we may need in the future to operate our business; 

incur debt on terms unfavorable to us or that we are unable to repay; 

incur large charges or substantial liabilities; 

encounter difficulties retaining key employees of the acquired company or integrating diverse software codes or business cultures; and 

become subject to adverse tax consequences, substantial depreciation, or deferred compensation charges. 

14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We rely on third-party proprietary and open source software for our platform. Our inability to obtain third-party licenses for such software, or obtain them on favorable terms, or any errors or failures caused by such software could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Some of our offerings include software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties. It may be necessary in the future to renew licenses relating to various aspects of these applications or to seek new licenses for existing or new applications. Necessary licenses may not be available on acceptable terms or under open source licenses permitting redistribution in commercial offerings, if at all. Our inability to obtain certain licenses or other rights or to obtain such licenses or rights on favorable terms could result in delays in product releases until equivalent technology can be identified, licensed or developed, if at all, and integrated into our platform. It may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Third parties may allege that additional licenses are required for our use of their software or intellectual property. We may be unable to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The inclusion in our offerings of software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties on a non-exclusive basis could limit our ability to differentiate our offerings from those of our competitors. To the extent that our platform depends upon the successful operation of third-party software, any undetected errors or defects in such third-party software could impair the functionality of our platform, delay new feature introductions, result in a failure of our platform, and injure our reputation. 
 Our use of open source software could subject us to possible litigation or cause us to subject our platform to unwanted open source license conditions that could negatively impact our sales. 
 A significant portion of our platform incorporates open source software, and we expect to incorporate open source software into other offerings or solutions in the future. Such open source software is generally licensed by its authors or other third parties under open source licenses. Little legal precedent governs the interpretation of these licenses; therefore, the potential impact of these terms on our business is unknown and may result in unanticipated obligations regarding our technologies. If a distributor of open source software were to allege that we had not complied with its license, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses. If we combine our proprietary software with open source software or utilize open source software in a certain manner, under some open source licenses, we could be in breach of the license if we did not release the source code of our proprietary software. Releasing our source code could substantially help our competitors develop products that are similar to or better than ours. 
 If our platform fails to perform properly, and if we fail to develop enhancements to resolve performance issues, we could lose customers, become subject to performance or warranty claims, or incur significant costs. 
 Our operations are dependent upon our ability to prevent system interruption. The applications underlying our platform are inherently complex and may contain material defects or errors, which may cause disruptions in availability or other performance problems. Defects, errors, disruptions in service, cyber-attacks, or other performance problems with our software, whether in connection with the day-to-day operation, upgrades or otherwise, could result in: loss of customers; lost or delayed market acceptance and sales of our platform; delays in payment to us by customers; injury to our reputation and brand; legal claims, including warranty and service claims, against us; diversion of our resources, including through increased service and warranty expenses or financial concessions; and increased insurance costs. 
 We have found defects in our platform and may discover additional defects in the future that could result in data unavailability, unauthorized access to, loss, corruption, or other harm to our customers data. We may not be able to detect and correct defects or errors before release. Consequently, we or our customers may discover defects or errors after our platform has been employed. We implement bug fixes and upgrades as part of our regularly scheduled system maintenance. If we do not complete this maintenance according to schedule or if customers are otherwise dissatisfied with the frequency and/or duration of our maintenance services and related system outages, customers could terminate their contracts, or delay or withhold payment to us, or cause us to issue credits, make refunds, or pay penalties. The costs incurred or delays resulting from the correction of defects or errors in our software or other performance problems may be substantial and could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Payment transactions on our ecommerce platform subject us to regulatory requirements, additional fees, and other risks that could be costly and difficult to comply with or that could harm our business. 
 We are required by our payment processors to comply with payment card network operating rules and we have agreed to reimburse our payment processors for any fees or fines they are assessed by payment card networks as a result of any rule violations by us or our customers. The payment card networks set and interpret the card rules. We face the risk that one or more payment card networks or other processors may, at any time, assess penalties against us, against our customers, or terminate our ability to accept credit card payments or other forms of online payments from shoppers. This would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 If we fail to comply with the payment card network rules, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard PCI-DSS and those of each of the credit card brands, we would breach our contractual obligations to our payment processors, financial institutions, partners, and customers. Such a failure may subject us to fines, penalties, damages, higher transaction fees, and civil liability. It could prevent us from processing or accepting payment cards or lead to a loss of payment processor partners, even if customer or shopper information has not been compromised. 
 Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss NOL carryforwards of approximately 294.9 million and 165.6 million for federal and state tax purposes, respectively, that are available to reduce future taxable income. If not utilized, the federal and state NOL carryforwards will begin to expire in 2036. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 246.5 million of the federal NOL carryforwards do not expire and will carry forward indefinitely until utilized. As of December 31, 2022, we also had total foreign NOL carryforwards of 44.2 million, which do not expire under local law. As of December 31, 2022, we had research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately 8.8 million and 6.0 million for federal and state tax purposes, respectively. The federal and state tax credits will begin to expire in 2024. The amount of federal NOLs that do not 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 expire and carryforward indefinitely that we are permitted to deduct in any future taxable year is limited to 80 of federal taxable income in the year utilized, where taxable income is determined without regard to the NOL deduction itself. 
 In general, under Section 382 and 383 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended, the Code ), a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs and other tax attributes such as research tax credits to offset future taxable income or income tax. If it is determined that we have in the past experienced an ownership change, or if we undergo one or more ownership changes as a result of future transactions in our stock, then our ability to utilize NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes could be limited by Sections 382 and 383 of the Code. 
 Future changes in our stock ownership, many of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change under Sections 382 or 383 of the Code. Our ability to utilize NOLs of companies that we may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. Our losses in Australia are subject to the change of ownership test rules in that jurisdiction that when applied may limit our ability to fully utilize our Australian NOLs. For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of the NOLs, even if we were to achieve profitability. 
 Risks related to our industry and the economy 
 Evolving global laws, regulations and standards on privacy and data security, restrictions on cross-border data transfers, and data localization requirements may limit the use and adoption of our services, expose us to liability, or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 Federal, state, or foreign governmental bodies or agencies have in the past adopted, and may in the future adopt, laws and regulations affecting the use of the internet as a commercial medium. These laws and regulations could impact taxation, internet neutrality, tariffs, content, copyrights, liability for content, distribution, electronic contracts and other communications, consumer protection, online advertising, and the characteristics and quality of services. Legislators and regulators may make legal and regulatory changes, or apply existing laws, in ways that require us to incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated civil or criminal liability, or cause us to change our business practices. These laws and regulations and resulting increased costs could materially harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Laws and regulations governing data privacy are constantly evolving. Many of these laws and regulations, including the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), the UK General Data Protection Regulation UK GDPR and the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ), contain detailed requirements regarding collecting and processing personal information, restrict the use and storage of such information, and govern the need for consumer consent. The California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA amended the CCPA and created additional obligations relating to consumer data collected on January 1, 2022, with enforcement expected to begin in 2023. Like California, Virginia signed into law the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, which also contains detailed requirements, on covered companies, relating to the access to, deletion of, and disclosures of personal data collected by covered businesses about Virginia residents. Further, Connecticut, Utah and Colorado have also enacted new privacy regulations set to come into effect in 2023. Similar laws have been proposed in other states, at the federal level, and in other countries, reflecting a global trend toward more stringent privacy. These laws and regulations could restrict our ability to store and process personal data (in particular, our ability to use certain data for purposes such as risk or fraud avoidance, marketing or advertising), to control our costs by using certain vendors or service providers, and to offer certain services in certain jurisdictions. Such laws and regulations could also restrict our customers ability to run their businesses; for example, by limiting their ability to effectively market to interested shoppers. This could reduce our revenue and the general demand for our services. 
 In addition, we make public statements about our use and disclosure of personal data through our data privacy policies that are posted on our websites. The publication of our privacy policies and other statements that provide promises and assurances about data privacy and security can subject us to potential government or legal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of our actual practices. 
 Data privacy laws and regulations may be subject to amendment or re-interpretation, which may cause us to incur significant costs and expend significant effort to ensure compliance. For example, in 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union CJEU invalidated the U.S.-EU Privacy Shield as a basis for transfers of personal data from the EU to the U.S. and introduced requirements to carry out risk assessments in relation to use of other, alternative data transfer mechanisms such as the standard contractual clauses SCCs for personal data transfers. In addition, the European Commission published revised standard contractual clauses for data transfers from the European Economic Area EEA with effectiveness as of September 27, 2021 and retroactive effect for existing contractual clauses as of December 27, 2022. 
 On March 25, 2022, the European Union and United States announced that they had reached an agreement in principle on a new Trans-Atlantic Data Privacy Framework, which will be translated into legal documents to be adopted in the European Union and United States to provide a renewed basis for transatlantic data transfers. However, if a new transatlantic data transfer framework is not adopted, we may be unable to continue to rely on SCCs or rely upon other alternative means of data transfers from the European Union to the United States. Similarly, the UK s Information Commissioner s Office launched a public consultation on its draft revised data transfers mechanisms in August 2021. Implementing updated data transfer documentation, may increase regulatory and compliance burdens and lead to uncertainty about or interruptions of personal data transfers from Europe to the United States (and beyond). If courts block personal data transfers to or from a particular jurisdiction, it could give rise to operational interruption in the performance of services for customers and internal processing of employee information, greater costs to implement alternative data transfer mechanisms that are still permitted, regulatory liabilities, or reputational harm. 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In 2022, Austrian and the French data protection supervisory authorities ruled that, under certain circumstances, use of Google Analytics by European website operators unlawfully transferred personal data to the United States; other EU supervisory authorities may reach similar conclusions. Similarly, in July 2022, the Irish Data Protection Commission IDPC was reported to have shared with other European regulators a draft decision that Facebook s transfers of European Facebook user data from the European Union to the United States should be suspended. Facebook relies on the SCCs for international data transfers and a decision against Facebook could more broadly revoke or curtail the use of the SCCs as a valid transfer mechanism. We rely on the SCCs for many international data transfers and this may impact our platform, services and business tools we use and adversely impact us to the extent such decisions are perceived as more broadly applicable to transfers of personal data from Europe to the United States. Our response to these requirements globally may not meet the expectations of individual customers, their shoppers, or other stakeholders, which could reduce the demand for our services. Some customers or other service providers may respond to these evolving laws and regulations by asking us to make certain privacy or data-related contractual commitments that we are unable or unwilling to make, which could lead to the loss of current or prospective customers or other business relationships. 
 We face intense competition, especially from well-established companies offering solutions and related applications. We may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position, which may harm our ability to add new customers, retain existing customers, and grow our business. 
 The market for ecommerce solutions is highly competitive and evolving. We expect competition to increase in the future from established competitors and new market entrants. With the introduction of new technologies and the entry of new companies into the market, we expect competition to persist and intensify in the future, which could harm our ability to increase sales, maintain or increase renewals, and maintain our prices. We face intense competition from other software companies that may offer related ecommerce platform software solutions and services. Our competitors include larger companies that have acquired ecommerce platform solution providers in recent years. We also compete with custom software internally developed within ecommerce businesses. In addition, we face competition from niche companies that offer point products that attempt to address certain of the problems that our platform solves. 
 Merger and acquisition activity in the technology industry could increase the likelihood that we compete with other large technology companies. Many of our existing competitors have, and our potential competitors could have, substantial competitive advantages such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, larger sales and marketing budgets and resources, greater customer support resources, lower labor and development costs, larger and more mature intellectual property portfolios, and substantially greater financial, technical and other resources. 
 Some of our larger competitors also have substantially broader product lines and market focus and will therefore not be as susceptible to downturns in a particular market. Conditions in our market could change rapidly and significantly as a result of technological advancements, partnering by our competitors, or continuing market consolidation. New start-up companies that innovate, and large companies that are making significant investments in research and development, may invent similar or superior products and technologies that compete with our platform. In addition, some of our competitors may enter into new alliances with each other or may establish or strengthen cooperative relationships with agency partners, technology and application providers in complementary categories, or other parties. Furthermore, ecommerce on large marketplaces, such as Amazon, could increase as a percentage of all ecommerce activity, thereby reducing customer traffic to individual customer websites. Any such consolidation, acquisition, alliance or cooperative relationship could lead to pricing pressure, a loss of market share, or a smaller addressable share of the market and could also result in a competitor with greater financial, technical, marketing, service, and other resources, any of which could harm our ability to compete. 
 Some of our larger competitors use broader product offerings to compete, including by selling at zero or negative margins, by bundling their product, or by closing access to their technology platforms. Potential customers may prefer to purchase from their existing suppliers rather than a new supplier regardless of product performance or features. Furthermore, potential customers may be more willing to incrementally add solutions to their existing infrastructure from competitors than to replace their existing infrastructure with our platform. These competitive pressures in our market, or our failure to compete effectively, may result in price reductions, fewer orders, reduced revenue and gross margins, increased net losses, and loss of market share. Any failure to meet and address these factors could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our current operations are international in scope, and we plan further geographic expansion, creating a variety of operational challenges. We are subject to risks from geopolitical crises, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine. 
 A component of our growth strategy involves the further expansion of our operations and customer base internationally. In the case of the two most recent fiscal years, approximately 22 percent of our revenue has been generated from customers outside the United States. We currently have locations in the United States, Australia, the United Kingdom UK ), Singapore, and Ukraine. We are continuing to adapt and develop strategies to address international markets, but such efforts may not be successful. 
 We have a significant number of employees outside of the United States. We expect that our international activities will continue to grow over the foreseeable future as we continue to pursue opportunities in existing and new international markets. These activities will require significant management attention and financial resources. We may face difficulties, including: geopolitical crises, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine, costs associated with developing software and providing support in many languages, varying seasonality patterns, potential adverse movement of currency exchange rates, longer payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable, tariffs and trade barriers, a variety of regulatory or contractual limitations on our ability to operate, adverse tax events, reduced protection of intellectual property rights, and a geographically and culturally diverse workforce and customer base. Failure to overcome any of these difficulties could negatively affect our results of operations. 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our current international operations and future initiatives involve a variety of risks, including: 
 geopolitical crises, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine and other escalating global tensions that could lead to disruption, instability and volatility in global markets and industries; 

changes in a country s or region s political or economic conditions; 

the need to adapt and localize our platform for specific countries; 

greater difficulty collecting accounts receivable and longer payment cycles; 

potential changes in trade relations arising from policy initiatives critical of existing and proposed trade agreements; 

unexpected changes in laws, regulatory requirements, taxes, or trade laws; 

more stringent regulations relating to privacy and data security and the unauthorized use of, or access to, commercial and personal information, increasingly common around the globe; 

differing labor regulations, especially in Europe, where labor laws are generally more advantageous to employees as compared to the United States, including deemed hourly wage and overtime regulations in these locations; 

challenges inherent in efficiently managing an increased number of employees over large geographic distances (including in a work-from-home environment), with the need to implement appropriate systems, policies, benefits, and compliance programs; 

difficulties in managing a business in new markets with diverse cultures, languages, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems, and regulatory systems; 

increased travel, real estate, infrastructure, and legal compliance costs associated with international operations; 

currency exchange rate fluctuations and the resulting effect on our revenue and expenses, and the cost and risk of entering into hedging transactions if we chose to do so in the future; 

limitations on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the capital needs of our operations in other countries; 

laws and business practices favoring local competitors or general preferences for local vendors; 

limited or insufficient intellectual property protection or difficulties enforcing our intellectual property; 

political instability or terrorist activities; 

risks related to global health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, including restrictions on our ability and our customers ability to travel, disruptions in our customers ability to distribute products, and temporary closures of our customers facilities; 

exposure to liabilities under anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA ), the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the UK Bribery Act of 2010, the UK Proceeds of Crime Act 2002, and similar laws and regulations in other jurisdictions; 

adverse tax burdens and foreign exchange controls that could make it difficult to repatriate earnings and cash; and 

our limited experience in operating our business internationally increases the risk that future expansion efforts that we may undertake will not be successful. If we invest substantial time and resources to expand our international operations and are unable to do so 

18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 successfully, our business and operating results will suffer. 

We recently adjusted our pricing levels and may in the future need to reduce or change our pricing model to remain competitive. 
 We price our subscriptions based on a combination of transaction and order volume, and feature functionality. We recently adjusted our pricing levels and expect that we may need to change our pricing again in the future. As new or existing competitors introduce products that compete with ours or reduce their prices, we may be unable to attract new customers or retain existing customers. We also must determine the appropriate price to enable us to compete effectively internationally. While we believe that recent pricing changes will prove competitive, in the future, mid-market and large enterprise customers may demand substantial price discounts as part of the negotiation of sales contracts. As a result, we may be required or choose to reduce our prices or otherwise change our pricing model, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Mobile devices are increasingly being used to conduct commerce, and if our platform does not operate as effectively when accessed through these devices, our customers and their shoppers may not be satisfied with our services, which could harm our business. 
 We are dependent on the interoperability of our platform with third-party mobile devices and mobile operating systems as well as web browsers that are out of our control. Changes in such devices, systems, or web browsers that degrade the functionality of our platform or give preferential treatment to competitive services could adversely affect usage of our platform. Mobile ecommerce is a key element in our strategy and effective mobile functionality is integral to our long-term development and growth strategy. If our customers and their shoppers have difficulty accessing and using our platform on mobile devices, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Activities of customers, their shoppers, and our partners could damage our brand, subject us to liability and harm our business and financial results. 
 Our terms of service prohibit our customers from using our platform to engage in illegal activities and our terms of service permit us to take down a customer s shop if we become aware of illegal use. Customers may nonetheless engage in prohibited or illegal activities or upload store content in violation of applicable laws, which could subject us to liability. Our partners may engage in prohibited or illegal activities, which could subject us to liability. Furthermore, our brand may be negatively impacted by the actions of customers or partners that are deemed to be hostile, offensive, inappropriate, or illegal. In general, we do not proactively monitor or review the appropriateness of the content of our customers stores or our partners activities. Our safeguards may not be sufficient for us to avoid liability or avoid harm to our brand. Hostile, offensive, inappropriate, or illegal use could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 In many jurisdictions, laws relating to the liability of providers of online services for activities of their shoppers and other third parties are being tested by actions based on defamation, invasion of privacy, unfair competition, copyright and trademark infringement, and other theories. Any court ruling or other governmental regulation or action that imposes liability on customers of online services in connection with the activities of their shoppers could harm our business. We could also be subject to liability under applicable law, which may not be fully mitigated by our terms of service. Any liability attributed to us could adversely affect our brand, reputation, ability to expand our subscriber base, and financial results. 
 We provide our ecommerce platform to businesses in highly-regulated industries, which subjects us to a number of challenges and risks. 
 We provide our ecommerce platform to customers in highly regulated industries such as pharmaceuticals, insurance, healthcare and life sciences. We may have customers in other highly-regulated industries in the future. Providing our ecommerce platform to such entities subjects us to a number of challenges and risks. Selling to such entities can be highly competitive, expensive, and time-consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that these efforts will generate a sale. Customers in highly-regulated industries may demand shorter subscription periods or other contract terms that differ from our standard arrangements, including terms that can lead those customers to obtain broader rights in our offerings than would be standard. Such entities may have statutory, contractual, or other legal rights to terminate contracts with us or our partners due to a default or for other reasons. Any such termination may adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, due to the heightened regulatory environment in which they operate, potential customers in these industries may encounter additional difficulties when trying to move away from legacy ecommerce platforms to an open SaaS platform like the one we provide. 
 We may be subject to additional obligations to collect and remit sales tax and other taxes. We may be subject to tax liability for past sales, which could harm our business. 
 State, local and foreign jurisdictions have differing rules and regulations governing sales, use, value added, and other taxes, and these rules and regulations are subject to varying interpretations that may change over time. In particular, the applicability of such taxes to our ecommerce platform in various jurisdictions is unclear. These jurisdictions rules regarding tax nexus are complex and vary significantly. As a result, we could face tax assessments and audits. Our liability for these taxes and associated penalties could exceed our original estimates. Jurisdictions in which we have not historically collected or accrued sales, use, value added, or other taxes could assert our liability for such taxes, which could result in substantial tax liabilities and related penalties for past sales, discourage customers from using our platform or otherwise harm our business and operating results. 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us or our customers could increase the cost of our ecommerce platform and adversely impact our business. 
 New income, sales, use, or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could be enacted at any time. Any new taxes could adversely affect our domestic and international business operations and our business and financial performance. Existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us. These events could require us or customers using our ecommerce platform to pay additional tax amounts on a prospective or retroactive basis. They could require us or our customers to pay fines and/or penalties and interest for past amounts deemed to be due. If we raise our prices to offset the costs of these changes, existing and potential future customers may elect not to continue to subscribe or elect to subscribe to our ecommerce platform in the future. Additionally, new, changed, modified, or newly interpreted or applied tax laws could increase our customers and our compliance, operating and other costs, as well as the costs of our platform. Any or all of these events could adversely impact our business and financial performance. 
 The continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact are highly unpredictable and could be significant, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which has previously significantly impacted, and may in the future impact, our business and results of operations. Our business, operations and financial performance have been, and may continue to be, affected by the macroeconomic impacts resulting from COVID-19, and as a result, our revenue growth rate and expenses as a percentage of our revenues in future periods may differ significantly from our historical rates, and our future operating results may fall below expectations. The extent to which our business will continue to be affected will depend on a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including the persistence of the pandemic, impacts on economic activity, and the possibility of recession or continued financial market instability. 
 Risks related to owning our common stock 
 The market price of shares of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile, which could cause the value of your investment to decline. 
 The market price of our common stock has been highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations. Securities markets worldwide experience significant price and volume fluctuations. Market volatility, as well as general economic, market, political, or pandemic conditions, could reduce the market price of shares of our common stock regardless of our operating performance. 
 Our operating results could be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors due to a number of potential factors, including: variations in our quarterly operating results or dividends, if any, to stockholders, additions or departures of key management personnel, publication of research reports about our industry, litigation and government investigations, changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations or differing interpretations or enforcement of laws or regulations affecting our business, adverse market reaction to any indebtedness we may incur or securities we may issue in the future, changes in market valuations of similar companies, speculation in the press or investment community, announcements by our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, dispositions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments, the announcement of any acquisitions we make and our ability to realize the expected benefits of any such acquisition, including our acquisitions of Feedonomics and B2B Ninja, the impact of our recently announced reduction in force, and adverse publicity about the industries we participate in or individual scandals. In response, the market price of shares of our common stock could decrease significantly. 
 Following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 
 Our ability to timely raise capital in the future may be limited, or may be unavailable on acceptable terms, if at all. Our failure to raise capital when needed could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Debt or equity issued to raise additional capital may reduce the value of our common stock. 
 We have funded our operations since inception primarily through equity financings, debt (including convertible debt instruments), and payments by our customers for use of our platform and related services. We cannot be certain when or if our operations will generate sufficient cash to fund our ongoing operations or the growth of our business. 
 On September 14, 2021, we issued 345.0 million in aggregate principal amount of our 0.25 Convertible Notes (the Convertible Notes ). Our ability to service our obligations under the Convertible Notes, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. If we are unable to generate the necessary cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets or obtaining debt financing or equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Furthermore, our existing indebtedness may limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness on favorable terms or at all. 
 We intend to continue to make investments to support our business and may require additional funds. Additional financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to invest in future growth opportunities, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. If we incur additional debt, the debt holders could have rights senior to holders of our common stock to make claims on our assets. The terms of any debt could restrict our operations, including our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. If we issue additional equity securities, stockholders will experience dilution, and the new equity securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock. Because our decision to issue securities in the future offering will depend on numerous 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 considerations, including factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of any future issuances of debt or equity securities. As a result, our stockholders bear the risk of future issuances of debt or equity securities reducing the value of our common stock and diluting their interest. 
 Insiders have substantial control over us, which may limit our stockholders ability to influence corporate matters and delay or prevent a third party from acquiring control over us. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our directors, executive officers, and their respective affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, approximately 8.1 of our outstanding common stock. This significant concentration of ownership may adversely affect the trading price for our common stock because investors often perceive disadvantages in owning stock in companies with controlling stockholders. In addition, this stockholder will be able to exercise influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. This concentration of ownership could limit your ability to influence corporate matters and may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control, including a merger, consolidation or other business combination involving us, or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control, even if that change in control would benefit our other stockholders. 
 We have no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock; as a result, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell your common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 We have no current plans to pay dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws. It will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions, general business conditions, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay cash dividends is restricted by the terms of our debt financing arrangements, and any future debt financing arrangement likely will contain terms restricting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our common stock. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our common stock unless you sell your common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 If our operating and financial performance in any given period does not meet the guidance that we provide to the public or the expectations of investment analysts, the market price of our common stock may decline. 
 We may, but are not obligated to, provide public guidance on our expected operating and financial results for future periods. Any such guidance will comprise forward-looking statements, subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public filings and public statements. Our actual results may not always be in line with or exceed any guidance we have provided, especially in times of economic uncertainty. If, in the future, our operating or financial results for a particular period do not meet any guidance we provide or the expectations of investment analysts, or if we reduce our guidance for future periods, the market price of our common stock may decline as well. Although we have previously issued public guidance, there can be no assurance that we will continue to do so in the future. 
 The requirements of being a public company, including compliance with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the requirements of Nasdaq, may strain our resources, increase our costs and distract management, and we may be unable to comply with these requirements in a timely or cost-effective manner. 
 As a public company, we are subject to laws, regulations and requirements, certain corporate governance provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, related regulations of the SEC and the requirements of Nasdaq, which we were not required to comply as a private company. Complying with these statutes, regulations and requirements occupies a significant amount of time of our board of directors and management and significantly increases our costs and expenses. For example, we have had to institute a more comprehensive compliance function, comply with rules promulgated by Nasdaq, prepare and distribute periodic public reports in compliance with our obligations under the federal securities laws, establish new internal policies, such as those relating to insider trading. We have also had to retain and rely on outside counsel and accountants to a greater degree in these activities. In addition, being subject to these rules and regulations has made it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or publish negative reports, the market price of our common stock could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If regular publication of research reports ceases, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the market price or trading volume of our common stock to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrades our common stock or if our reporting results do not meet their expectations, the market price of our common stock could decline. 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 You will be diluted by the future issuance of common stock, preferred stock or securities convertible into common or preferred stock, in connection with our incentive plans, acquisitions, capital raises or otherwise. Additionally, we currently have significant numbers of securities outstanding that may be exercisable for our common stock, which may result in significant dilution and downward pressure on our stock price. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 73,945,044 shares of Series 1 common stock and no shares of Series 2 common stock outstanding. Series 1 common stock is referred to as common stock throughout, unless otherwise noted. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue these shares of common stock and options, rights, warrants, and appreciation rights relating to common stock for the consideration and on the terms and conditions established by our board of directors in its sole discretion, whether in connection with acquisitions or otherwise. 
 Holders of our common stock may be subject to further dilution upon issuance of the shares reserved under our 2020 Plan and Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 In addition, the Convertible Notes we issued on September 14, 2021 may be converted into shares of our common stock at certain times and in certain circumstances. The potential future issuances of such shares could result in significant dilution to our current stockholders and could adversely affect the price of our common stock and the terms on which we could raise additional capital. In addition, the issuance and subsequent trading of shares could cause the supply of our common stock available for purchase in the market to exceed the purchase demand for our common stock. Such supply in excess of demand could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 In the future, we expect to obtain financing or to further increase our capital resources by issuing additional shares of our capital stock or offering debt or other equity securities, including senior or subordinated notes, or debt securities convertible into equity or shares of preferred stock. Issuing additional shares of our capital stock or other equity securities or securities convertible into equity may dilute the economic and voting rights of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock or both. Debt securities convertible into equity could be subject to adjustments in the conversion ratio pursuant to which certain events may increase the number of equity securities issuable upon conversion. Shares of preferred stock, if issued, could have a preference with respect to liquidating distributions or a preference with respect to dividend payments that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our common stock. Our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, which may adversely affect the amount, timing, or nature of our future offerings. As a result, holders of our common stock bear the risk that our future offerings may reduce the market price of our common stock and dilute their stockholdings in us. 
 General risk factors 
 We may be adversely affected by the effects of inflation. 
 Inflation has the potential to adversely affect our liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations by increasing our overall cost structure, particularly if we are unable to achieve commensurate increases in the prices we charge our customers or if increased prices may lead to decreased spending by our customers. The existence of inflation in the economy has resulted in, and may continue to result in, higher interest rates and capital costs, shipping costs, supply shortages, increased costs of labor, weakening exchange rates and other similar effects. The Federal Reserve has raised, and may again raise, interest rates in response to concerns about inflation. In response, market interest rates have risen in recent periods. While the timing and impact of rising interest rates are unknown, a continued increase in market interest rates could have an adverse effect on our cost structure, results of operations and financial condition. As a result of inflation, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, pressure on our business generation and cost of business. Although we may take measures to mitigate the impact of this inflation, if these measures are not effective our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. Even if such measures are effective, there could be a difference between the timing of when these beneficial actions impact our results of operations and when the cost inflation is incurred. 
 If we fail to adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and changing customer needs or preferences, our platform may become less competitive. 
 The software industry is subject to rapid technological change, evolving industry standards and practices, and changing customer needs and preferences. The success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to adapt and respond effectively to these changes on a timely basis. If we are unable to develop and sell new technology, features, and functionality for our platform that satisfy our customers and that keep pace with rapid technological and industry change, our revenue and operating results could be adversely affected. If new technologies emerge that deliver competitive solutions at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently, or more securely, it could adversely impact our ability to compete. 
 Our platform must also integrate with a variety of network, hardware, mobile, and software platforms and technologies. We need to continuously modify and enhance our platform to adapt to changes and innovation in these technologies. If businesses widely adopt new ecommerce technologies, we would have to develop new functionality for our platform to work with those new technologies. This development effort may require significant engineering, marketing and sales resources, all of which would affect our business and operating results. Any failure of our platform to operate effectively with future technologies could reduce the demand for our platform. If we are unable to respond to these changes in a cost-effective manner, our platform may become less marketable and less competitive or obsolete, and our operating results may be negatively affected. 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may prove to be inaccurate. Even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 The market for ecommerce solutions is relatively new and will experience changes over time. Ecommerce market estimates and growth forecasts are uncertain and based on assumptions and estimates that may be inaccurate. Our addressable market depends on a number of factors, including businesses desire to differentiate themselves through ecommerce, partnership opportunities, changes in the competitive landscape, technological changes, data security or privacy concerns, customer budgetary constraints, changes in business practices, changes in the regulatory environment, and changes in economic conditions. Our estimates and forecasts relating to the size and expected growth of our market may prove to be inaccurate. Even if the market in which we compete meets the size estimates and growth rates we forecast, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service and customer satisfaction or adequately address competitive challenges. 
 We may continue to experience growth and organizational change, even as we transition to prioritizing profitability, which may continue to place significant demands on our management and our operational and financial resources. We anticipate that we will continue to experience growth in the sophistication and complexity of customer expectations, the quantity of transactions we process, and the amount of data that our hosting infrastructure supports. Our success will depend in part on our ability to manage this growth effectively. We will require valuable management resources to grow without undermining our culture of innovation, teamwork, and attention to customer success, which has been central to our growth so far. If we fail to manage our anticipated growth and change in a manner that preserves our corporate culture, it could negatively affect our reputation and ability to retain and attract customers and employees. 
 We intend to continue to expand our international operations. Our expansion will continue to place a significant strain on our managerial, administrative, financial, and other resources. If we are unable to manage our growth successfully, our business and results of operations could suffer. 
 It is important that we maintain a high level of customer service and satisfaction as we expand our business. As our customer base continues to grow, we will need to expand our account management, customer service, and other personnel. Failure to manage growth could result in difficulty or delays in launching our platform, declines in quality or customer satisfaction, increases in costs, difficulties in introducing new features, or other operational difficulties, any of which could adversely impact our business performance and results of operations. 
 We anticipate that our operations will continue to increase in complexity as we grow, which will create management challenges. 
 Our business has experienced significant growth and is complex. We expect this growth to continue and for our operations to become increasingly complex. To manage this growth, we continue to make substantial investments to improve our operational, financial, and management controls as well as our reporting systems and procedures. We may not be able to implement and scale improvements to our systems and processes in a timely or efficient manner or in a manner that does not negatively affect our operating results. For example, we may not be able to effectively monitor certain extraordinary contract requirements or individually negotiated provisions as the number of transactions continues to grow. Our systems and processes may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions, or fraud. We may have difficulty managing improvements to our systems, processes and controls or in connection with third-party software. This could impair our ability to provide our platform to our customers, causing us to lose customers, limiting our platform to less significant updates, or increasing our technical support costs. If we are unable to manage this complexity, our business, operations, operating results and financial condition may suffer. 
 As our customer base continues to grow, we will need to expand our services and other personnel, and maintain and enhance our partnerships, to provide a high level of customer service. We also will need to manage our sales processes as our sales personnel and partner network continue to grow and become more complex, and as we continue to expand into new geographies and market segments. If we do not effectively manage this increasing complexity, the quality of our platform and customer service could suffer, and we may not be able to adequately address competitive challenges. These factors could impair our ability to attract and retain customers and expand our customers use of our platform. 
 We depend on our senior management team and the loss of one or more key employees or an inability to attract and retain highly skilled employees could adversely affect our business. 
 Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our executive officers. We rely on our leadership team for research and development, marketing, sales, services, and general and administrative functions, and on mission-critical individual contributors. From time to time, our executive management team may change from the hiring or departure of executives, which could disrupt our business. Our employment agreements with our executive officers or other key personnel do not require them to continue to work for us for any specified period; therefore, they could terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or key employees could have a serious adverse effect on our business. 
 To execute our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense, especially for experienced software engineers and senior sales executives. If we are unable to attract such personnel in cities where we are located, we may need to hire in other locations, which may add to the complexity and costs of our business operations. We expect to continue to experience difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have. If we hire employees from competitors or other companies, their former employers may attempt to assert that these employees or BigCommerce have breached legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. In addition, job candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the stock awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our stock 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 awards declines, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled employees. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, it could adversely affect our business and future growth prospects. 
 If we are unable to maintain our corporate culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, teamwork, passion and focus on execution that we believe contribute to our success, and our business may be harmed. 
 We believe a critical component to our success has been our corporate culture. We have invested substantial time and resources in building our team. As we grow and develop our infrastructure as a public company, our operations may become increasingly complex. We may find it difficult to maintain these important aspects of our corporate culture. Perpetuation of hybrid-in office and remote work may impact our ability to preserve our corporate culture. Any failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect our future success, including our ability to retain and recruit personnel, and to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives. 
 From time to time, we may need to streamline our organization and adjust the size and structure of our workforce to ensure we achieve our priorities and objectives. In December 2022, we implemented a reduction in force. Any reduction in force may yield unintended consequences and costs, such as attrition beyond the intended reduction in force, the distraction of employees and reduced employee morale, which could, in turn, adversely impact productivity, including through a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge and/or inefficiency during transitional periods. Any of these impacts could also adversely affect our reputation as an employer, make it more difficult for us to hire new employees in the future and increase the risk that we may not achieve the anticipated benefits from the restructuring. 
 Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy, or reductions in IT spending, could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our results of operations. 
 Our results of operations may vary based on the impact of changes in our industry or the global economy on us or our customers. The revenue growth and potential profitability of our business depend on demand for our platform. Current or future economic uncertainties or downturns could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Negative conditions in the global economy or individual markets, including changes in gross domestic product growth, financial and credit market fluctuations, political turmoil, natural catastrophes, warfare and terrorist attacks on the United States, Europe, Australia, the Asia Pacific region or elsewhere, could cause a decrease in business investments, including spending on IT and negatively affect our business. In particular, given our investment in our development capabilities in Ukraine, continued political turmoil, warfare, or terrorist attacks in Ukraine could negatively affect our business. Political and military events in Ukraine, including the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia, poor relations between the U.S. and Russia, and sanctions by the international community against Russia or separatist areas of Ukraine may also have an adverse impact on our employees, customers, partners, and vendors. In turn, any of these may adversely impact our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our results of operations. To the extent our platform is perceived by customers and potential customers as costly, or too difficult to launch or migrate to, it would negatively affect our growth. Our revenue may be disproportionately affected by delays or reductions in general IT spending. Competitors, many of whom are larger and more established than we are, may respond to market conditions by lowering prices and attempting to lure away our customers. In addition, consolidation in certain industries may result in reduced overall spending on our platform. We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown, instability or recovery, generally or within any particular industry. If the economic conditions of the general economy or markets in which we operate worsen from present levels, including as a result of recent political and military events in Ukraine, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Operations at our strategic development center in Kyiv, Ukraine have been impacted as a result of the ongoing military action by Russia in Ukraine and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by any negative impact on the global economy resulting from the war in Ukraine or the unavailability of our personnel in Ukraine. 
 We have historically operated a strategic development center in Ukraine where we employed 100 individuals as of December 31, 2022. We have also invested significant resources in Ukraine over the last several years. As a result, warfare, political turmoil or terrorist attacks in Ukraine could negatively affect our Ukrainian operations and our business. 
 As a result of the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, we assisted many of our employees in Kyiv in relocating to neighboring countries to the extent they desired to do so. While the war in Ukraine has not had a material negative impact on us or our financial performance to date, the ongoing war could cause harm to our employees and otherwise impair their ability to work for extended periods of time, as well as disrupt telecommunications systems, banks, and other critical infrastructure necessary to conduct business in Ukraine and neighboring countries. As the scope and intensity of the war changes rapidly, we are continuing to receive reports on our employees, operations and facilities and monitoring the evolving situation. 
 The war between Russia and Ukraine has resulted in the imposition of sanctions by the United States, other North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO member states, as well as non-member states against Russia, certain Russian citizens, and enterprises. More generally, the war has led to and could lead to further disruptions in the global financial markets and economy, including, without limitation, currency volatility, inflation and instability in the global capital markets. In addition, Russia's prior annexation of Crimea, recent recognition of two separatist republics in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine and subsequent military interventions in Ukraine have led to sanctions being levied by the United States, European Union and other countries against Russia, with additional potential sanctions threatened and/or proposed. Russia's military incursion and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and thus could affect our business, operations, operating results and financial condition as well as the price of our common stock. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial. The war between Russia and Ukraine could draw military or other intervention from additional countries, which could lead to a much larger war and/or additional sanctions imposed by the United States and other governments that restrict business with specific persons, organizations or countries with respect to certain products or services. Any such disruptions or escalations 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 caused by Russian military action or resulting sanctions may magnify the impact of other risks described herein. 
 The risk of cybersecurity incidents has increased in connection with the ongoing war, driven by justifications such as retaliation for the sanctions imposed in conjunction with the war, or in response to certain companies continued operations in Russia. For example, the war has been accompanied by cyberattacks against the Ukrainian government and other countries in the region. It is possible that these attacks could have collateral effects on additional critical infrastructure and financial institutions globally, which could adversely affect our operations and could increase the frequency and severity of cyber-based attacks against our information technology systems. The proliferation of malware from the war into systems unrelated to the war or cyberattacks against U.S. companies in retaliation for U.S. sanctions against Russia or U.S. support of Ukraine, could also adversely affect our operations. 
 Even if the war moderates or a resolution between Ukraine and Russia is reached, we expect that we may continue to experience ongoing financial and operational impacts resulting from the war for the foreseeable future as Ukraine rebuilds its economy and infrastructure. Additionally, certain of the economic and other sanctions imposed, or that may be imposed, against Russia may continue for a period of time after any resolution has been reached. 
 Natural catastrophic events and man-made problems such as power disruptions, computer viruses, global pandemics, data security breaches and terrorism may disrupt our business. 
 We rely heavily on our network infrastructure and IT systems for our business operations. An online attack, damage as a result of civil unrest, earthquake, fire, terrorist attack, power loss, global pandemics, telecommunications failure, or other similar catastrophic event could cause system interruptions, delays in accessing our service, reputational harm, and loss of critical data. Such events could prevent us from providing our platform to our customers. A catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of our data centers, or our network infrastructure or IT systems, including any errors, defects, or failures in third-party hardware, could affect our ability to conduct normal business operations, and adversely affect our operating results. 
 In addition, as computer malware, viruses, computer hacking, fraudulent use attempts, and phishing attacks have become more prevalent, we face increased risk from these activities. These activities threaten the performance, reliability, security, and availability of our platform. Any computer malware, viruses, computer hacking, fraudulent use attempts, phishing attacks, or other data security breaches to our systems could, among other things, harm our reputation and our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers. 
 Indemnity provisions in various agreements potentially expose us to substantial liability for intellectual property infringement, data protection, and other losses. 
 Some of our agreements with customers and other third parties include indemnification provisions under which we agree to indemnify them for losses suffered or incurred as a result of claims of intellectual property infringement, data protection, damages to property or persons, or other liabilities relating to or arising from our platform, services or other contractual obligations. Some of these indemnity agreements provide for uncapped liability for which we would be responsible, and some indemnity provisions survive termination or expiration of the applicable agreement. Large indemnity payments could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Although we normally contractually limit our liability with respect to such obligations, we may still incur substantial liability related to them and we may be required to cease use of certain functions of our platform or services as a result of any such claims. Any dispute with a customer with respect to such obligations could have adverse effects on our relationship with that customer, other existing customers, and new customers. Such a dispute could harm our business and results of operations. 
 Our international operations may subject us to potential adverse tax consequences. 
 We continue to expand our international operations and staff to better support our growth into international markets. Our corporate structure and associated transfer pricing policies contemplate future growth into the international markets, and consider the functions, risks, and assets of the various entities involved in the intercompany transactions. The amount of taxes we pay in different jurisdictions may depend on the application of the tax laws of the various jurisdictions, including the United States, to our international business activities, changes in tax rates, new or revised tax laws or interpretations of existing tax laws and policies, and our ability to operate our business in a manner consistent with our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements. Taxing authorities may challenge the pricing methodologies of our intercompany arrangements or disagree with our determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. If such a challenge or disagreement were to occur, and our position was not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest, and penalties. This could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows, and lower overall profitability of our operations. Our financial statements could fail to reflect adequate reserves to cover such a contingency. 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA was enacted on December 22, 2017 and significantly reformed the Code. The TCJA, among other things: includes changes to U.S. federal tax rates, imposes additional limitations on the deductibility of interest, has both positive and negative changes to the utilization of future NOL carryforwards as described above, allows for the expensing of certain capital expenditures, and puts into effect the migration from a worldwide system of taxation to a partially territorial system. Although substantial guidance under the TCJA has been provided by the tax authorities, additional future guidance may be published and could result in significant one-time charges in the current or future taxable years and could increase our future U.S. tax expense. Furthermore, the recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act introduced, among other 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 changes, a 15 corporate minimum tax on certain United States corporations and a 1 excise tax on certain stock redemptions by United States corporations. The impact of this tax legislation on holders of our common stock is uncertain and could be adverse. The U.S. government may enact further significant changes to the taxation of business entities, which may materially affect our effective tax rates, cash flows or results of our operations. 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets and subject us to liability if we violate the controls. 
 Our platform is subject to U.S. export controls, including the Export Administration Regulations and economic sanctions administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control. We incorporate encryption technology into our platform. These encryption products and the underlying technology may be exported outside of the United States only with the required export authorizations, including by license, a license exception or other appropriate government authorizations. 
 Furthermore, our activities are subject to U.S. economic sanctions laws and regulations that prohibit the shipment of certain products and services to countries, governments, and persons targeted by U.S. embargoes or sanctions. The U.S government has been critical of existing trade agreements and may impose more stringent export and import controls. Obtaining the necessary export license or other authorization for a particular sale may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities even if the export license ultimately may be granted. While we take precautions to prevent our platform from being exported in violation of these laws, including obtaining authorizations for our platform, performing geolocation IP blocking and screenings against U.S. and other lists of restricted and prohibited persons, we cannot guarantee that the precautions we take will prevent violations of export control and sanctions laws. Violations of U.S. sanctions or export control laws can result in significant fines or penalties and possible incarceration for responsible employees and managers could be imposed for criminal violations of these laws. 
 If our partners fail to obtain appropriate import, export or re-export licenses or permits, we may also be adversely affected, through reputational harm as well as other negative consequences, including government investigations and penalties. We presently incorporate export control compliance requirements into our strategic partner agreements; however, no assurance can be given that our partners will comply with such requirements. 
 Various countries regulate the import and export of certain encryption and other technology, including import and export licensing requirements. Some countries have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our platform or could limit our customers ability to implement our platform in those countries. Changes in our platform or future changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the introduction of our platform in international markets, prevent our customers with international operations from launching our platform globally or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our platform to certain countries, governments, or persons altogether. Various governmental agencies have proposed additional regulation of encryption technology, including the escrow and government recovery of private encryption keys. Any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions, or related legislation, or change in the countries, governments, persons, or technologies targeted by such regulations, could limit our ability to export or sell our platform to existing or potential customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our platform or limitation on our ability to export or sell our platform would adversely affect our business, operating results, and prospects. 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our operating results. 
 Our customer subscription and partner and services contracts are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars, and therefore substantially all of our revenue is not subject to foreign currency risk. However, a strengthening of the U.S. dollar could increase the real cost of our platform to our customers outside of the United States, which could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, an increasing portion of our operating expenses is incurred and an increasing portion of our assets is held outside the United States. These operating expenses and assets are denominated in foreign currencies and are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. If we are not able to successfully hedge against the risks associated with currency fluctuations, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, and similar laws. Non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal and/or civil liability and harm our business. 
 We are subject to the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the UK Bribery Act of 2010, the UK Proceeds of Crime Act 2002, and other anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years. These laws are interpreted broadly to prohibit companies and their employees and third-party intermediaries from authorizing, promising, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or anything else of value to recipients in the public or private sector. As we increase our international sales and business and sales to the public sector, we may engage with partners and third-party intermediaries to market our services and to obtain necessary permits, licenses, and other regulatory approvals. In addition, we or our third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We can be held liable for corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party intermediaries, our employees, representatives, contractors, partners, and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. 
 While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, our employees and agents could violate our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. As we increase our international sales and business or acquire other companies, our risks under these laws may increase. 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Noncompliance with anti-corruption, anti-bribery, or anti-money laundering laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, other enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, significant fines, damages, other civil and criminal penalties or injunctions, suspension and/or debarment from contracting with certain persons, the loss of export privileges, reputational harm, adverse media coverage, and other collateral consequences. If any subpoenas or investigations are launched, or governmental or other sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially harmed. Responding to any action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. Enforcement actions and sanctions could further harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Changes in subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters or changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, could significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 GAAP and related pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations apply to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, and deferred commissions. These matters are complex and involve subjective assumptions, estimates, and judgments by our management. Changes in GAAP, these accounting pronouncements or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates, or judgments by our management, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), the SEC, and others could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance, which could impact the market price for our common stock. 
 We may be unable to raise the funds necessary to repurchase the Convertible Notes for cash following a fundamental change, or to pay any cash amounts due upon conversion, and our future indebtedness may limit our ability to repurchase the Convertible Notes or pay cash upon their conversion. 
 Holders of the Convertible Notes may, subject to a limited exception, require us to repurchase their Convertible Notes following a fundamental change at a cash repurchase price generally equal to the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. In addition, upon conversion, we will satisfy part or all our conversion obligation in cash unless we elect to settle conversions solely in shares of our common stock. We may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to repurchase the Convertible Notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion. In addition, applicable law, regulatory authorities and the agreements governing our future indebtedness may restrict our ability to repurchase the Convertible Notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion. Our failure to repurchase Convertible Notes or to pay the cash amounts due upon conversion when required would constitute a default under the indenture governing the Convertible Notes. A default under the indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our other indebtedness, if any, which may result in that other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. If the repayment of such other indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, then we may not have sufficient funds to repay that indebtedness and repurchase the Convertible Notes or make cash payments upon their conversion. 
 Provisions in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes could delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover of us. 
 Certain provisions in the Convertible Notes and the indenture governing the Convertible Notes could make a third-party attempt to acquire us more difficult or expensive. For example, if a takeover constitutes a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes), then noteholders will have the right to require us to repurchase their Convertible Notes for cash. In addition, if a takeover constitutes a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes), then we may be required to temporarily increase the conversion rate. In either case, and in other cases, our obligations under the Convertible Notes and the indenture governing the Convertible Notes could increase the cost of acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management, including in a transaction that noteholders or holders of our common stock may view as favorable . 
 The accounting method for the Convertible Notes could adversely affect our reported financial condition and results. 
 The accounting method for reflecting the Convertible Notes on our balance sheet, accruing interest expense for the notes and reflecting the underlying shares of our common stock in our reported diluted earnings per share may adversely affect our reported earnings and financial condition. 
 In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board published an Accounting Standards Update, which we refer to as ASU 2020-06, which simplifies certain of the accounting standards that apply to convertible notes. ASU 2020-06 became effective for us beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, including interim periods within that fiscal year. 
 In accordance with ASU 2020-06, the Convertible Notes we issued are reflected as a liability on our balance sheets, with the initial carrying amount equal to the principal amount of the notes, net of issuance costs. The issuance costs will be treated as a debt discount for accounting purposes, which will be amortized into interest expense over the term of the Convertible Notes. As a result of this amortization, the interest expense that we recognize for the Convertible Notes for accounting purposes will be greater than the cash interest payments we will pay on the Convertible Notes, which will result in lower reported income. 
 In addition, the shares underlying the Convertible Notes will be reflected in our diluted earnings per share using the if converted method, in accordance with ASU 2020-06. Under that method, diluted earnings per share would generally be calculated assuming that all the Convertible Notes were converted solely into shares of common stock at the beginning of the reporting period, unless the result would be anti-dilutive. The application of the if-converted method may reduce our reported diluted earnings per share, and accounting standards may change in the future in a manner that may adversely affect our diluted earnings per share. 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Furthermore, if any of the conditions to the convertibility of the Convertible Notes is satisfied, then we may be required under applicable accounting standards to reclassify the liability carrying value of the Convertible Notes as a current, rather than a long-term, liability. This reclassification could be required even if no noteholders convert their Convertible Notes and could materially reduce our reported working capital. 
 Provisions in our organizational documents and certain rules imposed by regulatory authorities may delay or prevent our acquisition by a third party. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain several provisions that may make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire control of us without the approval of our board of directors. These provisions, which may delay, prevent or deter a merger, acquisition, tender offer, proxy contest, or other transaction that stockholders may consider favorable, include the following: 
 the division of our board of directors into three classes and the election of each class for three-year terms; 

advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations; 

provisions limiting stockholders ability to call special meetings of stockholders, to require special meetings of stockholders to be called, and to take action by written consent; 

restrictions on business combinations with interested stockholders; 

in certain cases, the approval of holders representing at least 66 2 3 of the total voting power of the shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors will be required for stockholders to adopt, amend or repeal our bylaws, or amend or repeal certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation; 

no cumulative voting; 

the required approval of holders representing at least 66 2 3 of the total voting power of the shares entitled to vote at an election of the directors to remove directors; and 

the ability of our board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used, among other things, to institute a rights plan that would have the effect of significantly diluting the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, likely preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by our governing body. 

These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could discourage potential takeover attempts and reduce the price that investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock in the future, which could reduce the market price of our common stock. 
 The provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requiring exclusive venue in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States for certain types of lawsuits may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware be the sole and exclusive forum for: any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, agent or other employee or stockholder of our company to us or our stockholders, any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), the amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject to such Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. It further provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolutions of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. The exclusive forum clauses described above shall not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 Although we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of applicable law in the types of lawsuits to which they apply, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings and there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions. In addition, investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. It is possible that, in connection with any applicable action brought against us, a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. If so, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 2. Pr operties. 
 Our principal executive offices are located in Austin, Texas in two buildings located in the Four Points and Downtown regions under separate lease agreements. Pursuant to the Four Points lease, we lease approximately 70,682 square feet of office space under a lease agreement with an initial term that expires on April 30, 2028, with the option to extend the lease for an additional two, five-year terms. Pursuant to the Downtown lease, we lease approximately 10,750 square feet of office space with an initial term that expires on March 31, 2023, with the option to extend the lease for an additional three-year term. We also lease office space in San Francisco, California; Sydney, Australia; and London, United Kingdom. In December 2022, we exited and made the decision to put 40,540 square feet of our Austin headquarters up for lease. We believe our current facilities are suitable for the composition of our staff and additional or substitute space will be available as needed to accommodate any such expansion of our operations. 
 Item 3. Legal Pro ceedings. 
 From time to time, we may become involved in litigation related to claims arising from the ordinary course of our business. We believe that there are no claims or actions pending or threatened against us, the ultimate disposition of which would have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Item 4. Mine Safe ty Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stock holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information and Holders 
 Our common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol BIGC since August 5, 2020. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had 190 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of shareholders is greater than this number of record holders, and includes shareholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street names by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include shareholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to declare cash dividends on our common stock will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. We do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 On April 25, 2022, we issued 314,192 shares of our common stock in connection with the acquisition of Bundle B2B Inc. and registered those shares on November 10, 2022. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 Information regarding the securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Performance Graph 
 The graph set forth below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock between August 5, 2020 (our first day of trading) and December 31, 2022, with the cumulative total return of (i) the S P 500 Index and (ii) the NASDAQ Computer Index. This graph assumes the investment of 100 on August 5, 2020, our first day of trading, in our common stock at the closing price of 72.27 per share, the S P 500 Index and the NASDAQ Computer Index, and assumes the reinvestment of dividends, if any. Note that historic stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The information contained in the Stock Performance Graph shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(in thousands) 
 
 Total number of shares purchased 

Average price paid per share 

Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 

Approximate dollar value of shares that may be purchased under the plans or program 

October 1-31, 2022 

- 

November 1-30, 2022 

- 

December 1-31, 2022 

- 

Total 

Item 6. R eserved 
 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Risk Factors. See Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Overview 
 BigCommerce is leading a new era of ecommerce. Our SaaS platform simplifies the creation of beautiful, engaging online stores by delivering a unique combination of ease-of-use, enterprise functionality, composability and flexibility. We allow merchants to build their ecommerce solution their way with the flexibility to fit their unique business and product offerings. We power both our customers branded ecommerce stores and their cross-channel connections to popular online marketplaces, social networks, and offline POS systems. Our strategy is to provide the world s best combination of freedom of choice and flexibility in a multi-tenant SaaS platform. We describe this strategy as Open SaaS. As of December 31, 2022, we served 5,786 enterprise accounts. 
 We provide a comprehensive platform for launching and scaling an ecommerce operation, including store design, catalog management, hosting, checkout, order management, reporting, and pre-integration into third-party services like payments, shipping, and accounting. All our stores run on a single code base and share a global, multi-tenant architecture purpose built for security, high performance, and innovation. Our platform serves stores in a wide variety of sizes, product categories, and purchase types, including B2C and B2B. Our customers include Ben Jerry s, Molton Brown, Burrow, SC Johnson, SkullCandy, SoloStove and Vodafone. 
 We offer access to our platform on a subscription basis. We serve customers with subscription plans tailored to their size and feature needs. For our larger customers, our Enterprise plan offers our full feature set at a monthly subscription price tailored to each business. For SMBs, BigCommerce Essentials offers three retail plans: Standard, Plus, and Pro, priced at 29.95, 79.95, and 299.95 per month when paid annually, or 39, 105, and 399 per month, when paid monthly, respectively. Our Essentials plans include GMV thresholds with programmatic upgrades built in as merchants exceed each plan s threshold. 
 Our differentiated Open SaaS technology approach combines the flexibility and customization potential of open source software with the performance, security, usability, and value benefits of multi-tenant SaaS. This combination helps businesses turn digital transformation into competitive advantage. While some software conglomerate providers attempt to lock customers into their proprietary suites, we focus on the configurability and flexibility of our open platform, enabling each business to optimize their ecommerce approach based on their specific needs. 
 Partners are essential to our open strategy. We believe we possess one of the deepest and broadest ecosystems of integrated technology solutions in the ecommerce industry. We strategically partner with, rather than compete against, the leading providers in adjacent categories, including payments, shipping, POS, CMS, CRM, and ERP. We focus our research and development investments in our core product to create a best-of-breed ecommerce platform and co-market and co-sell with our strategic technology partners to our mutual prospects and customers. As a result, we earn high-margin revenue share from a subset of our strategic technology partners, which complements the high gross margin of our core ecommerce platform. 
 Our business has achieved significant growth since our inception. We had total revenue of 279.1 million, 219.9 million and 152.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We plan to continue to invest in our Open SaaS strategy, building new partnerships and continuing to develop a platform that offers best-of-breed functionality with the cost-effectiveness of multi-tenant SaaS. As we work to develop and deliver this platform for our customers, we will also invest and grow our business by acquiring additional customers to our platform, growing our revenue with existing customers, cross-selling owned and partner solutions to existing customers, expanding our presence in new segments and geographies, and considering targeted acquisitions that can enhance our service to customers. 
 Key factors affecting our performance 
 We believe our future performance will depend on many factors, including the following: 
 Continued growth of ecommerce domestically and globally 
 Ecommerce is rapidly transforming global B2C and B2B commerce. B2C ecommerce was nonexistent in the early-1990s and grew from approximately 10 of all global retail spending in 2017 to 18 in 2020, according to eMarketer. eMarketer estimates that by 2025, retail ecommerce sales will comprise 24 of worldwide total retail sales. B2B ecommerce has grown rapidly. Forrester estimates that by 2027, B2B ecommerce will comprise 26 of all B2B transactions in the United States, up from 13 in 2016. The rapid growth in ecommerce is prompting companies to adopt ecommerce platforms like BigCommerce to create compelling branded ecommerce stores and power cross-channel connections to online marketplaces, social networks, and offline POS systems. 
 32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We believe we have a substantial opportunity to serve a larger number of customers as ecommerce continues to grow around the world by extending into new and emerging segments within ecommerce. The following segments are significant areas of potential growth and strategic focus for us: 
 Enterprise . Increasingly, we are successfully competing for enterprise sites selling more than 50 million annually online, with our Enterprise plan product feature set, along with our sales, marketing, solutioning, and service capabilities. 

Omnichannel . This is the ability for merchants to conduct commerce anywhere shoppers are - online and offline. This includes shopping through a merchant s branded ecommerce store or through online marketplaces and social commerce channels such as Google, Meta (Facebook and Instagram), TikTok, Amazon, Walmart, eBay, Wish and Mercado Libre. Merchants product data is made available and may be optimized for these commerce and related advertising channels through BigCommerce and Feedonomics product and service offerings. According to eMarketer, US ecommerce and ad channel spending was approximately 19 billion in 2020, representing 12 of digital ad spending. This is expected to grow to more than 41 billion and 15 of digital ad spending by 2024. US retail marketplace ecommerce sales topped 270 billion in 2020, representing 34 of total ecommerce sales. This is expected to grow to more than 420 billion by 2023. BigCommerce and Feedonomics enable merchants to improve and optimize omnichannel shopping and advertising, helping bolster their sales growth. 

B2B . As of December 31, 2022, approximately 19 of our customers use BigCommerce primarily for B2B sales. In many cases, these customers needs are met using our native functionality, including B2B features like customer groups and price lists. In other cases, these customers use BigCommerce's purpose-built B2B Edition, which augments our Enterprise plan with dedicated B2B features like invoicing, quotes, and buyer approval workflows. Over time, we intend to add more B2B functionality to both the BigCommerce Apps Marketplace and our native feature set. 

Composable commerce. Composable gives merchants the freedom to mix, match and combine best-in-breed tech vendors to create a customized and robust technology stack. With BigCommerce s open commerce approach and commitment to MACH Alliance principles. B2C and B2B merchants can make smart technology investments that are agile, functional, and flexible. In an unpredictable economy, flexibility and composability are especially important. Our open platform lets merchants build the technology stack that best serves their needs and delivers an incredible shopping experience for their customers. 

Headless commerce . This refers to businesses whose technology strategy is to decouple their front-end customer experience technology from their back-end commerce platform. In terms of online strategy, these companies are typically brand-, marketing-, or experience-led. We serve headless use cases well due to years of investment in our platform APIs and integration capabilities. Pre-built integrations connect our platform with leading CMSs such as Acquia, Adobe, Bloomreach, Drupal, Sitecore, and WordPress. 

Efficient acquisition of new customers 
 The growth of our customer base is important to our continued revenue growth. We believe we are positioned to grow significantly through a combination of our own marketing and sales initiatives, customer referrals from our agency and technology partners, and word-of-mouth referrals from existing customers. 
 We measure the efficiency of new customer acquisition by comparing the lifetime value LTV of newly-acquired customers to the customer acquisition costs CAC of the associated time period to get an LTV:CAC ratio. We calculate LTV as gross profit from new sales during the four quarters of any given year divided by the estimated future subscription churn rate. We calculate CAC as total sales and marketing expense incurred during the associated preceding four quarters. New SMB, Mid-Market and Enterprise customers were added at an estimated LTV:CAC ratio of 3.8:1 and 4.9:1 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Retention and growth of our existing customers 
 We believe our long-term revenue growth is correlated with the growth of our existing customers ecommerce businesses. We strive to maintain industry-leading service levels and platform capabilities to maximize customer success and retention. Our revenue grows with that of our customers. As they generate more online sales, we generate more subscription revenue through automated sales-based upgrades on our Essentials plans and order adjustments on our Enterprise plans. Typical Enterprise contracts have terms ranging from 12 to 36 months and do not include the ability to terminate for convenience. 
 As our customers online sales increase, our partner and services revenue generated by revenue-sharing agreements with our strategic technology partners increases as well. Our ability to retain and grow our customers ecommerce businesses often depends on the continued expansion of our platform and the capabilities of our strategic technology partners to provide revenue generating services to our customers. We continually evaluate prospective and existing partners abilities to enhance the capabilities of our customers ecommerce businesses. We add new partners and expand existing partner relationships to enhance the utility of our platform, while creating new opportunities to expand our revenue share in partner and services revenue. As we continue to grow as a platform, we believe our ability to realize more favorable and expansive revenue share agreements will grow as well. 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We also grow by selling additional stores to existing customers. Our larger customers will often first use our platform to build a single online store that serves a single brand within their portfolio. These customers can then expand their usage of our platform by launching additional stores to serve additional brands, geographies, or use cases (e.g., B2B in addition to B2C). 
 Successful rollout of new geographies 
 We believe our platform can compete successfully around the world. We enhance usability in new geographies by translating our control panel into local languages and enabling the integration of local payment processors. We support the growth of mid-market and large enterprise customers around the world by expanding our regional sales and marketing capabilities. 
 We opened our first European office in London, UK in 2018 and expanded it throughout 2022 and 2021, resulting in a 34 and 68 revenue growth rate in EMEA for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We advanced our international expansion strategy in 2021 through the launch of new country-specific websites in France, Italy, the Netherlands, and more recently in Mexico, Germany and Spain. In 2022, we formally launched in the Nordic countries, and South America, and expanded further in the DACH region. We continue to invest in our global presence and in offering native language web experiences that further strengthen our ability to connect more directly with prospects and customers in each region. 
 Evolution of our technology partner ecosystem 
 A key part of our strategy is to build a thriving technology partner ecosystem. We focus on collaborating with, not competing against, partners in our ecosystems. This strategy contrasts with our largest competitors, who operate software stacks with multiple vertically integrated adjacent services that potentially compete with offerings from technology partners in their ecosystems. Our customers benefit from the expertise and best-of-breed offerings of our partners, the flexibility to choose without penalty the best offerings for their needs, and the tailored programs developed with our strategic partners. Through significant investment, we have developed a marketplace of integrated application and technology solutions that is one of the largest of any ecommerce platform. Our partners currently offer more than 1290 pre-built applications and integrations spanning major categories relevant to ecommerce, including shipping, tax, accounting and ERP, marketing, fulfillment, cross-channel commerce, and POS systems, with additional applications and integrations for merchandising, locations, and payments. We intend to grow partner-sourced revenue by expanding the value and scope of existing partnerships, selling and marketing partner solutions to our customer base, and acquiring and cultivating new, high-value relationships. Partner referrals of customers are increasingly becoming an efficient customer acquisition strategy for us as we expand our programs for cross-marketing and cross-selling with our partners. 
 Realizing operating leverage from our investments 
 We have made significant investments in our SaaS platform and our global infrastructure, which we believe will yield future operating leverage and profit margin expansion. Research and development has historically been one of our largest operating expense categories. By expanding our lower-cost engineering in lower-cost international locations, we are increasing development capacity while also driving leverage in engineering cost as a percentage of total revenue. In addition, we believe we will achieve operating leverage in marketing by continuing to emphasize lower-cost inbound techniques and growth in customer referrals from our technology and agency partners, especially as our revenue mix continues to shift to our enterprise plans. While we may see changes in margins from one period to another based on our relative pace of expansion and the associated level of investments required, we believe we will be able to run our business more efficiently as we continue to grow our revenue and gain further operating leverage as we scale. 
 Impact of our cost reduction initiatives 
 In December 2022, we announced a restructuring plan based on cost-reduction initiatives intended to reduce our cost structure and accelerate our path to profitability (the 2022 Restructure ). The 2022 Restructure included a reduction in force. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed the 2022 Restructure, which resulted in total charges of 7.3 million recognized during the fourth quarter of 2022, with a portion thereof to be realized in the first quarter of 2023. Please see Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Key business metrics 
 We review the following key business metrics to measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans, and make strategic decisions. Increases or decreases in our key business metrics may not correspond with increases or decreases in our revenue. We have included the activity of Feedonomics in our key business metrics from the acquisition date of July 23, 2021, through December 31, 2022. Our key business metrics, such as annual revenue run-rate, subscription annual revenue run rate, average revenue per account and others are calculated as of the end of the last month of the reporting period. We have excluded any activity pertaining to Feedonomics from our key business metrics for all periods presented that precede its acquisition. As a result, year over year or quarter over quarter metrics will not include Feedonomics impact in the base period. Period over period results will be fully comparable for full fiscal periods completed after the one-year anniversary of the acquisition. 
 Annual revenue run-rate 
 We calculate annual revenue run-rate ARR at the end of each month as the sum of: (1) contractual monthly recurring revenue at the end of the period, which includes platform subscription fees, invoiced growth adjustments, product feed management subscription fees, recurring professional services revenue, and other recurring revenue, multiplied by twelve to prospectively annualize recurring revenue, and (2) the sum of the trailing twelve-month non-recurring and variable revenue, which includes one-time partner integrations, one-time fees, payments revenue share, and any other revenue that is non-recurring and variable. 
 34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Subscription ARR 
 We calculate subscription ARR at the end of each month as the sum of contractual monthly recurring revenue at the end of the period, which includes platform subscription fees, invoiced growth adjustments, product feed management subscription fees, recurring professional services revenue, and other recurring revenue, multiplied by twelve to prospectively annualize recurring revenue. 
 Average revenue per account 
 We calculate average revenue per account ARPA at the end of a period by including customer-billed revenue and an allocation of partner and services revenue, where applicable. We bill customers for subscription solutions and professional services, and we include both in ARPA for the reported period. For example, ARPA as of December 31, 2022, includes all subscription solutions and professional services billed between January 1, 2022, and December 31, 2022. We allocate partner revenue, where applicable, primarily based on each customer s share of GMV processed through that partner s solution. Partner revenue that is not directly linked to customer usage of a partner s solution is allocated based on each customer s share of total platform GMV. Each account s partner revenue allocation is calculated by taking the account s trailing twelve-month partner revenue, then dividing by twelve to create a monthly average to apply to the applicable period in order to normalize ARPA for seasonality. 
 Enterprise Account metrics 
 To measure the effectiveness of our ability to execute against our growth strategy, particularly within the mid-market and enterprise business segments, we calculate ARR attributable to Enterprise Accounts. We define Enterprise Accounts as accounts with at least one unique Enterprise plan subscription or an enterprise level feed management subscription (collectively Enterprise Accounts ). These accounts may have more than one Enterprise plan or a combination of Enterprise plans and Essentials plans. 
 The chart below illustrates certain of our key business metrics as of the period ended. 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Total ARR (in thousands) 

311,670 

268,665 

181,166 

Subscription ARR (in thousands) 

238,395 

203,743 

132,504 

Enterprise Account Metrics: 

# of Accounts 

5,786 

5,036 

3,365 

ARR 

223,964 

172,858 

100,771 

ARR of Total ARR 

72 

64 

56 

ARPA 

38,708 

34,324 

29,947 

Net revenue retention 
 We use net revenue retention NRR to evaluate our ability to maintain and expand our revenue with our account base of customers exceeding the ACV threshold over time. The total billings and allocated partner revenue, where applicable, for the measured period are divided by the total billings and allocated partner revenue for such accounts, corresponding to the period one year prior. An NRR greater than 100 implies positive net revenue retention. This methodology includes stores added to or subtracted from an account s subscription during the previous twelve months. It also includes changes to subscription and partner and services revenue billings, and revenue reductions from stores or accounts that leave the platform during the previous one-year period. Net new accounts added after the previous one-year period are excluded from our NRR calculations. NRR for enterprise accounts was 111 and 118 for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We update our reported NRR at the end of each fiscal year and do not report quarterly changes in NRR. 
 Components of results of operations 
 Revenue 
 W e generate revenue from two sources: (1) subscription solutions revenue and (2) partner and services revenue. 
 Subscription solutions revenue consists primarily of platform subscription fees from all plans. It also includes recurring professional services and sales of SSL certificates. Subscription solutions are charged monthly, quarterly, or annually for our customers to sell their products and process transactions on our platform. Subscription solutions are generally charged per online store and are based on the store s subscription plan. Our Enterprise plan contracts are generally for a fixed term of one to three years and are non-cancelable for convenience. Our retail plans are generally month-to-month contracts. Monthly subscription fees for Pro and Enterprise plans are adjusted if a customer s GMV or orders processed are outside of specified plan thresholds on a trailing twelve-month basis. Fixed monthly fees and any transaction charges related to subscription solutions are recognized as revenue in the month they are earned. 
 Subsequent to our acquisition of Feedonomics on July 23, 2021, subscription revenue also includes revenue from Feedonomics. Through Feedonomics, BigCommerce provides feed management solutions under service contracts which are generally one year or less and, in many cases, month-to-month. These service types may be sold stand-alone or as part of a multi-service bundle (e.g. both marketplaces and advertising) and are billed monthly in arrears. 
 We generate partner revenue from our technology application ecosystem. Customers tailor their stores to meet their feature needs by integrating applications developed by our strategic technology partners. We enter into contracts with our strategic technology partners that are generally for one year or longer. We generate revenue from these contracts in three ways: (1) revenue-sharing arrangements, (2) technology 
 35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 integrations, and (3) partner marketing and promotion. We recognize revenue on a net basis from revenue-sharing arrangements when the underlying transaction occurs. 
 We also generate revenue from non-recurring professional services that we provide to complement the capabilities of our customers and their agency partners. Our services help improve customers time-to-market and the success of their businesses using BigCommerce. Our non-recurring services include education packages, launch services, solutions architecting, implementation consulting, and catalog transfer services. 
 Cost of revenue 
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of: (1) personnel-related costs (including stock-based compensation expense) for our customer success teams, (2) costs that are directly related to hosting and maintaining our platform, (3) fees for processing customer payments, and (4) the allocation of overhead costs. We expect that cost of revenue will increase in absolute dollars, but may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue from period to period as our mix between business lines change and we build out additional localized support as we expand internationally. With our acquisition of Feedonomics on July 23, 2021, cost of revenue also includes personnel and other costs related to feed management along with other customer support personnel. 
 Sales and marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of: (1) personnel-related expenses (including stock-based compensation expense), (2) sales commissions, (3) marketing programs, (4) travel-related expenses, and (5) allocated overhead costs. We focus our sales and marketing efforts on creating sales leads and establishing and promoting our brand. We plan to increase our investment in sales and marketing by hiring additional sales and marketing personnel, executing our go-to-market strategy globally, and building our brand awareness. Incremental sales commissions for new customer contracts are deferred and amortized ratably over the estimated period of our relationship with such customers. No incremental sales commissions are incurred on renewals of customer contracts. We expect our sales and marketing expenses will increase in absolute dollars, but will decrease as a percentage of total revenue over time. 
 Research and development 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses (including stock-based compensation expense) incurred in maintaining and developing enhancements to our ecommerce platform and allocated overhead costs. To date, software development costs eligible for capitalization have not been significant. 
 We believe delivering new functionality is critical to attracting new customers and enhancing the success of existing customers. We expect to continue to make substantial investments in research and development. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars, but decrease as a percentage of total revenue over time, as we continue to leverage engineers in other low-cost international locations. We expense research and development expenses as incurred. 
 General and administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of: (1) personnel-related expenses (including stock-based compensation expense) for finance, legal and compliance, human resources, and IT, (2) external professional services, and (3) allocated overhead costs. We incur additional general and administrative expenses as a result of operating as a public company and have increased the size of our general and administrative functions to support the growth of our business. As a result, we expect that general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars but may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue from period to period. 
 Acquisition related expenses 
 Acquisition related expenses consists primarily of cash payments for third-party acquisition costs and other acquisition related expenses, including contingent compensation arrangements entered into in connection with acquisitions. 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 Amortization of intangible assets consist of non-cash amortization of acquired intangible assets which were recognized as a result of business combinations and are being amortized over their expected useful life. 
 Restructuring charges 
 Restructuring charges are comprised of costs incurred as a result of our 2022 Restructure as well as an impairment of the right of use asset triggered by our decision to cease using a significant portion of certain leased facilities. 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Other expenses, net 
 Other expenses, net consists primarily of interest expense on our bank borrowings partially offset by interest income on corporate funds invested in money market instruments and highly liquid short-term investments. 
 Provision for income taxes 
 Provision for income taxes consists primarily of deferred income taxes associated with amortization of tax deductible goodwill and current income taxes related to certain foreign and state jurisdictions in which we conduct business. For U.S. federal income tax purposes and in certain foreign and state jurisdictions, we have NOL carryforwards. The foreign jurisdictions in which we operate have different statutory tax rates than those of the United States. Additionally, certain of our foreign earnings may also be currently taxable in the United States. Accordingly, our effective tax rate will vary depending on the relative proportion of foreign to domestic income, use of foreign tax credits, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, applicability of any valuation allowances, and changes in tax laws in jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 Results of operations 
 The following table summarizes our historical consolidated statement of operations data. The period-to-period comparison of operating results is not necessarily indicative of results for future periods. 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Revenue 

279,075 

219,855 

152,368 

Cost of revenue (1) 

69,980 

48,479 

34,126 

Gross profit 

209,095 

171,376 

118,242 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing (1) 

134,794 

99,350 

72,470 

Research and development (1) 

88,253 

64,547 

48,332 

General and administrative (1) 

75,989 

56,839 

36,137 

Acquisition related expenses 

35,216 

23,299 

- 

Restructuring charges 

7,332 

- 

- 

Amortization of intangible assets 

8,078 

3,284 

- 

Total operating expenses 

349,662 

247,319 

156,939 

Loss from operations 

(140,567) 

(75,943) 

(38,697) 

Interest income 

4,198 

130 

31 

Interest expense 

(2,828) 

(828) 

(3,103) 

Change in fair value of financial instrument 

- 

- 

4,413 

Other expense 

(227) 

(70) 

(179) 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

(139,424) 

(76,711) 

(37,535) 

Provision for income taxes 

495 

(34) 

25 

Net loss 

(139,919) 

(76,677) 

(37,560) 

(1)	Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Cost of revenue 

4,181 

2,055 

769 

Sales and marketing 

11,905 

7,761 

3,310 

Research and development 

12,292 

5,901 

2,500 

General and administrative 

13,954 

9,707 

4,479 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

42,332 

25,424 

11,058 

(1)	Includes depreciation and amortization as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Cost of revenue 

722 

847 

958 

Sales and marketing 

756 

876 

902 

Research and development 

404 

506 

609 

General and administrative 

1,462 

638 

615 

Total depreciation and amortization expense 

3,344 

2,867 

3,084 

Revenue by geographic region 
 The composition of our revenue by geographic region during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

2021 

2020 

Amount 

(dollars in thousands) 

(dollars in thousands) 

Revenue 

Americas U.S. 

216,639 

169,737 

46,902 

27.6 

169,737 

120,934 

48,803 

40.4 

Americas other 

12,124 

8,559 

3,565 

41.7 

8,559 

5,371 

3,188 

59.4 

EMEA 

27,743 

20,783 

6,960 

33.5 

20,783 

12,396 

8,387 

67.7 

APAC 

22,569 

20,776 

1,793 

8.6 

20,776 

13,667 

7,109 

52.0 

Total Revenue 

279,075 

219,855 

59,220 

26.9 

219,855 

152,368 

67,487 

44.3 

37 
 
 Table of Contents 

Comparison of years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 Revenue 
 The following table presents the components of our revenue for each of the periods indicated: 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

2021 

2020 

Amount 

(dollars in thousands) 

(dollars in thousands) 

Revenue 

Subscription solutions 

205,800 

154,933 

50,867 

32.8 

154,933 

103,706 

51,227 

49.4 

Partner and services 

73,275 

64,922 

8,353 

12.9 

64,922 

48,662 

16,260 

33.4 

Total revenue 

279,075 

219,855 

59,220 

26.9 

219,855 

152,368 

67,487 

44.3 

Revenue increased 59.2 million, or 26.9 , to 279.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 219.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as a result of increases in both subscription solutions and partner and services revenue as well as revenue pertaining to the acquisition of Feedonomics. Subscription solutions revenue increased 50.9 million, or 32.8 , to 205.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 154.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the increase in mid-market and large enterprise customers and our international expansion efforts. Feedonomics revenue contributed to an increase of 8.4 million, to 22.8 million in subscription revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 14.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 (this comparable period includes only six months of activity due to the date of acquisition). Partner and services revenue increased 8.4 million, or 12.9 , to 73.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 64.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of increases in revenue-sharing activity with our technology partners and improved monetization of partner revenue share. 
 
 Revenue increased 67.5 million, or 44.3 , to 219.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 152.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, as a result of increases in both subscription solutions and partner and services revenue as well as revenue pertaining to the acquisition of Feedonomics. Subscription solutions revenue increased 51.2 million, or 49.4 , to 154.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 103.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to the increase in mid-market and large enterprise customers and our international expansion efforts. Feedonomics contributed 14.4 million in subscription revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. Partner and services revenue increased 16.3 million, or 33.4 , to 65.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 48.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily as a result of increases in revenue-sharing activity with our technology partners and improved monetization of partner revenue share. 
 Cost of revenue, gross profit, and gross margin 
 The following table presents our cost of revenue, gross profit, and gross margin for each of the periods indicated: 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

2021 

2020 

Amount 

(dollars in thousands) 

(dollars in thousands) 

Cost of revenue 

69,980 

48,479 

21,501 

44.4 

48,479 

34,126 

14,353 

42.1 

Gross profit 

209,095 

171,376 

37,719 

22.0 

171,376 

118,242 

53,134 

44.9 

Gross margin 

74.9 

77.9 

(3.0) 

77.9 

77.6 

0.3 

Cost of revenue increased 21.5 million, or 44.4 , to 70.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 48.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of higher hosting costs of 4.7 million as a result of increased transactions processed and increases in personnel-related costs of 6.8 million, including stock-based compensation expense, for personnel involved in providing customer support and professional services and Feedonomics related expenses of 10.0 million. Gross margin decreased to 74.9 during 2022 from 77.9 during 2021. 
 
 Cost of revenue increased 14.4 million, or 42.1 , to 48.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 34.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily as a result of higher hosting costs of 1.6 million as a result of increased transactions processed and increases in personnel-related costs of 7.2 million, including stock-based compensation expense, for personnel involved in providing customer support and professional services and Feedonomics related expenses of 5.5 million. Gross margin increased to 77.9 during 2021 from 77.6 during 2020. 
 Operating expenses 
 The following tables present our operating expenses for each of the periods indicated: 
 Sales and marketing 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

2021 

2020 

Amount 

(dollars in thousands) 

(dollars in thousands) 

Sales and marketing 

134,794 

99,350 

35,444 

35.7 

99,350 

72,470 

26,880 

37.1 

Percentage of revenue 

48.3 

45.2 

3.1 

45.2 

47.6 

(2.4) 

Sales and marketing expenses increased 35.4 million, or 35.7 , to 134.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 99.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase of 14.6 million in personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, for personnel engaged in acquiring new customers and marketing our products and services. The increase was also attributable to 13.2 
 38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 million in additional marketing spend to support revenue growth coupled with 7.6 million in sales and marketing spending attributable to the acquisition of Feedonomics. 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased 26.9 million, or 37.1 , to 99.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 72.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to an increase of 12.9 million in personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, for personnel engaged in acquiring new customers and marketing our products and services. The increase was also attributable to 10.1 million in additional marketing spend to support revenue growth coupled with 3.3 million in sales and marketing spending attributable to the acquisition of Feedonomics. 
 Research and development 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

2021 

2020 

Amount 

(dollars in thousands) 

(dollars in thousands) 

Research and development 

88,253 

64,547 

23,706 

36.7 

64,547 

48,332 

16,215 

33.5 

Percentage of revenue 

31.6 

29.4 

2.4 

29.4 

31.7 

(2.5) 

Research and development expenses increased 23.7 million, or 36.7 , to 88.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 64.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to higher staffing costs of 15.0 million, including stock-based compensation and bonuses, decreased variable spend of 0.3 million, and expenses related to the acquisition of Feedonomics of 9.0 million; these expenses increased as a percentage of revenue. 
 
 Research and development expenses increased 16.2 million, or 33.5 , to 64.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 48.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to higher staffing costs of 9.2 million, including stock-based compensation and bonuses, additional spend to support engineering projects of 2.6 million, and expenses related to the acquisition of Feedonomics of 4.1 million; however, these expenses declined as a percentage of revenue. 
 General and administrative 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

Year ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

2021 

2020 

Amount 

(dollars in thousands) 

(dollars in thousands) 

General and administrative 

75,989 

56,839 

19,150 

33.7 

56,839 

36,137 

20,702 

57.3 

Percentage of revenue 

27.2 

25.9 

1.5 

25.9 

23.7 

2.1 

General and administrative expenses increased 19.2 million, or 33.7 , to 76.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 56.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase of 9.8 million in personnel-related expense, including stock-based compensation expense, variable spend associated international expansion growth of 5.7 million and expenses related to the acquisition of Feedonomics of 3.7 million. 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased 20.7 million, or 57.3 , to 56.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 36.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to an increase of 10.5 million in personnel-related expense, including stock-based compensation expense, fees associated with operating as a public company of 6.0 million, equipment related costs for personnel of 2.2 million and expenses related to the acquisition of Feedonomics of 1.4 million. 
 Acquisition related expenses 
 Acquisition related expense was 35.2 million and 23.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, primarily as a result of acquisition related compensation in conjunction with our business combinations. Acquisition related expenses were insignificant for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Restructuring charges 
 Restructuring charges were 7.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily as a result of the reduction in workforce and the impairment of the right-of-use asset for vacating certain facilities early. Restructuring charges were insignificant for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 
 Interest income 
 Interest income was 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily as a result of interest rate increased and was insignificant for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense increased to 2.8 million, or 250 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily as a result of a full year impact of interest expense on convertible debt in 2022. 
 Interest expense decreased 2.3 million, or 73.3 , to 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 3.1 million for year ended December 31, 2020, primarily as a result of paying down our lines of credit. 
 Change in fair value of financial instrument 
 The increase of 4.4 million in the fair value of financial instrument for the year ended December 31, 2020 was the result of a change in fair value of the embedded lenders put option on our 2020 Convertible Term Loan. 
 Other expense 
 Other expense was insignificant in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Provision for income taxes 
 Our provision for income taxes was not material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Liquidity and capital resources 
 We have incurred losses since our inception and may continue to generate negative operating cash flow, however we believe we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities to continue to fund operations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued approximately 345.0 million in convertible debt, and used 35.6 million of the proceeds to enter into capped call transactions. 
 Our operational short-term liquidity needs primarily include working capital for sales and marketing, research and development, and continued innovation. Additionally, 81.1 million of cash was used to pay for our acquisition of Feedonomics on July 23, 2021. We have generated significant operating losses and negative cash flows from operations as reflected in our accumulated deficit and condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. We expect to continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows from operations for the full year 2023 and may require additional capital resources to execute strategic initiatives to grow our business. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, levels of revenue, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, market acceptance of our platform, the results of business initiatives, the timing of new product introductions, and the continued impact of the conflict in Ukraine and inflation on the global economy and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and our cash flows from operating activities will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs for at least the next twelve months. In the future, we may attempt to raise additional capital through the sale of additional equity or debt financing. In connection with our acquisition of Feedonomics we paid 32.5 million paid in cash at the first anniversary of closing and are obligated to make a payment of up to 32.5 million to be paid at the second anniversary of closing or upon the earlier achievement of certain milestones. We may elect to make the second anniversary payment partially or entirely in shares of our common stock in lieu of cash. If we choose to issue stock to settle the remaining payment, we will be required to register these shares with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The sale of additional equity would be dilutive to our stockholders. Additional debt financing could result in increased debt service obligations and more restrictive financial and operational covenants. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. From time to time, we may seek to repurchase, redeem or otherwise retire our convertible notes through cash repurchases and/or exchanges for equity securities, in open market repurchases, privately negotiated transactions, tender offers or otherwise. Such repurchases, redemptions or other transactions, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. We do not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements that we expect would materially affect our liquidity and capital resources. 
 Cash flows 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated. 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(89,357) 

(40,300) 

(26,529) 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(116,526) 

(186,877) 

(1,964) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

209 

305,274 

239,950 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 305.0 million in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and marketable securities, a decrease of 96.0 million compared to 401.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash and cash equivalents consist of highly-liquid investments with original maturities of less than three months. Our restricted cash balance of 1.5 million and 1.1 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, consists of security deposits for future chargebacks and amounts on deposit with certain financial institutions. Our marketable 
 40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 securities balance of 211.9 million at December 31, 2022, consists of investments in debt securities and 102.3 million at December 31, 2021. We maintain cash account balances in excess of FDIC-insured limits. 
 Operating activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 89.4 million, 40.3 million and 26.5 million, respectively. This consisted primarily of our net losses adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, debt discount amortization, bad debt expense, and the effect of changes in working capital. 
 Investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 116.5 million. It consisted primarily of the cash paid for an acquisition of 0.7 million, the purchases of marketable securities of 214.2 million and the purchases of property and equipment of 5.2 million, offset by the maturity of marketable securities of 103.6 million. 
 Net cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was 186.9 million. It consisted primarily of the cash paid for an acquisition of 81.1 million, the purchases of marketable securities of 107.0 million and the purchases of property and equipment of 3.3 million, partially offset by the maturity of marketable securities of 4.5 million. 
 Net cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2020 was 2.0 million. It consisted primarily of purchases of property and equipment of 2.0 million. 
 Financing activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 0.2 million primarily consisting of issuance of shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of stock options. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was 305.3 million. In the year ended December 31, 2021, 345.0 million was provided by the issuance of the Convertible Notes and the issuance of shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of stock options provided 5.9 million, partially offset by the purchase of capped calls of 35.6 million and the payment of debt issuance costs of 10.0 million. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2020 was 240.0 million. In the year ended December 31, 2020, our IPO and Secondary Offering proceeds, net of underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering costs, provided 236.2 million, bank borrowings provided 41.9 million and issuance of shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of stock options provided 3.3 million, which was partially offset by the payment of dividends and repayment of debt for 12.8 million and 28.6 million respectively. 
 Indebtedness 
 2021 Convertible senior notes 
 In September 2021, we issued 345.0 million principal amount of 0.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the Convertible Notes ). The Convertible Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture (the Convertible Notes Indenture ), dated as of September 14, 2021, between us and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 
 The Convertible Notes are our senior, unsecured obligations and are (i) equal in right of payment with our future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to our future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Convertible Notes in right of payment; (iii) effectively subordinated to our future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent we are not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of our subsidiaries. 
 The Convertible Notes accrue interest at a rate of 0.25 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on April 1, 2022. The Convertible Notes will mature on October 1, 2026, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Before July 1, 2026, noteholders have the right to convert their Convertible Notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and after July 1, 2026, noteholders may convert their Convertible Notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. We will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. The initial conversion rate was 13.6783 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately 73.11 per share of common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price are subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Convertible Notes Indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. 
 We may not redeem the Convertible Notes at our option at any time before October 7, 2024. The Convertible Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part (subject to the Partial Redemption Limitation (as defined in the Convertible Notes Indenture)), at our option at any time, and from time to time, on or after October 7, 2024 and on or before the 25th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, but only if the last reported sale price per share of our common stock exceeds 130 of the conversion price on (i) each of at least 20 trading days, whether or not 
 41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 consecutive, during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date we send the related redemption notice; and (ii) the trading day immediately before the date we send such notice. The redemption price will be a cash amount equal to the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, calling any Convertible Note for redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to that Convertible Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that Convertible Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption. Pursuant to the Partial Redemption Limitation, we may not elect to redeem less than all of the outstanding Convertible Notes unless at least 150.0 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes are outstanding and not subject to redemption as of the time we send the related redemption notice. 
 If certain corporate events that constitute a Fundamental Change (as defined in the Convertible Notes Indenture) occur, then, subject to a limited exception for certain cash mergers, noteholders may require us to repurchase their Convertible Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change includes certain business combination transactions involving us and certain de-listing events with respect to our common stock. 
 The Convertible Notes have customary provisions relating to the occurrence of Events of Default (as defined in the Convertible Notes Indenture), which include the following: (i) certain payment defaults on the Convertible Notes (which, in the case of a default in the payment of interest on the Convertible Notes, will be subject to a 30-day cure period); (ii) our failure to send certain notices under the Convertible Notes Indenture within specified periods of time; (iii) our failure to comply with certain covenants in the Convertible Notes Indenture relating to our ability to consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of us and our subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person; (iv) a default by us in our other obligations or agreements under the Convertible Notes Indenture or the Convertible Notes if such default is not cured or waived within 60 days after notice is given in accordance with the Convertible Notes Indenture; (v) certain defaults by us or any of our significant subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness for borrowed money of at least 65,000,000; and (vi) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving us or any of our significant subsidiaries. 
 If an Event of Default involving bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization events with respect to us (and not solely with respect to a significant subsidiary of us) occurs, then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Convertible Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any person. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then, the trustee, by notice to us, or noteholders of at least 25 of the aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes then outstanding, by notice to us and the trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Convertible Notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, we may elect, at our option, that the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to certain failures by us to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Convertible Notes Indenture consists exclusively of the right of the noteholders to receive special interest on the Convertible Notes for up to 180 days at a specified rate per annum not exceeding 0.50 on the principal amount of the Convertible Notes. 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We also make estimates and assumptions on the reported revenue generated and reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 Except for changes resulting from the acquisition of Feedonomics in July 2021, including purchase price allocation and valuation of acquired intangibles, there have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates described in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 While our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our included consolidated financial statements, we believe the following critical accounting policies are most important to understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. 
 Revenue recognition 
 We recognize revenue from two sources: (1) subscription solutions revenue and (2) partner and services revenue. 
 Subscription solutions revenue consists of: (1) platform subscription fees, (2) recurring professional services, and (3) sales of SSL certificates. We generally recognize platform subscription fees and recurring professional services revenue in the month they are earned. We begin revenue recognition on the date that our service is made available to our customers. We recognize SSL certificates revenue ratably over the term of the certificates. Fixed monthly fees and any overage charges related to subscription solutions are recognized as revenue in the month they are earned. 
 Partner and services revenue is derived from: (1) revenue-sharing arrangements, (2) technology integrations, (3) partner marketing and promotion, and (4) non-recurring professional services. We recognize revenue on a net basis from revenue-sharing arrangements when the underlying transaction occurs. We recognize revenue from technology integration fees ratably over the contractual term because technology integration and platform access are deemed to be a single performance obligation. Revenue from partner marketing and promotion and non-recurring professional services is recognized as the service is performed. Subsequent to our acquisition of Feedonomics on July 23, 2021, subscription revenue also includes 
 42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 revenue from Feedonomics. We recognize revenue from Feedonomics technology platform and related services under service contracts which are generally one year or less, and in many cases month-to-month. These service types may be sold stand-alone or as part of a multi-service bundle (e.g. both marketplaces and advertising) and constitute a single combined performance obligation. Services are performed and fees are determined based on monthly usage and are billed in arrears. 
 We adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 ), effective January 1, 2018, using the full retrospective method of adoption. As such, the consolidated financial statements present revenue in accordance with Topic 606 for the period presented. Topic 606 requires us to identify distinct performance obligations. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer. When distinct performance obligations exist, we allocate the contract transaction price to each distinct performance obligation. The standalone selling price, or our best estimate of standalone selling price, is used to allocate the transaction price to the separate performance obligations. We recognize revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. 
 Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. Also, significant judgment may be required to determine the allocation of transaction price to each distinct performance obligation. 
 Deferred costs 
 Deferred costs include deferred sales commissions that are incremental costs of obtaining customer contracts. Sales commissions are not paid on subscription renewal. We amortize deferred sales commissions ratably over the estimated period of our relationship with customers of approximately four years. Based on historical experience, we determine the average life of our customer relationship by taking into consideration our customer contracts and the estimated technological life of our platform and related significant features. 
 Restructuring charges 
 Restructuring charges are comprised of costs incurred as a result of our December 15, 2022 reduction in force as well as an impairment of the right of use asset triggered by our decision to cease using a significant portion of certain leased facilities. 
 Equity-based compensation 
 We measure stock-based compensation for stock options at fair value on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. We measure stock-based compensation for restricted stock units (RSUs) based on the fair market value of the common stock on the grant date. Compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Stock compensation costs are reduced by the estimated forfeitures at the date of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. We estimate the forfeiture rate based on historical experience. To the extent our actual forfeiture rate is different from our estimate, stock-based compensation expense is adjusted accordingly. 
 The Black-Scholes Option-pricing model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, which determine the fair value of stock-based awards. These assumptions include: 
 Expected volatility - As we have a short trading history for our common stock, we estimate volatility for option grants by evaluating the average historical volatility of peer group companies for the period immediately preceding the option grant. 

Risk-free interest rate - The risk-free interest rate was based on the United States Treasury zero-coupon issues with remaining terms similar to the expected term of the options. 

Dividend yield - We used an expected dividend yield of zero. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not plan to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Expected term - We elected to use the simplified method to compute the expected term. We have a limited history of exercise activity and our stock options meet the criteria of plain-vanilla options as defined by the SEC. The simplified method calculates the expected term by taking the average of the vesting term and the original contractual term of the awards. 

Business combination 
 We record tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting. We use best estimates and assumptions, including but not limited to, future expected cash flows, expected asset lives, and discount rates, to assign a fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations as of the acquisition date. These estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. We allocate any excess purchase price over the fair value of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed to goodwill. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, adjustments to the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed may be recorded, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair value of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 Recent accounting pronouncements 
 A discussion of recent accounting pronouncements is included in Note 2 to our included audited consolidated financial statements. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitati ve Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest rate risk 
 Our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, consist primarily of interest-bearing accounts. Such interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. To minimize interest rate risk in the future, we intend to maintain our portfolio of cash equivalents in a variety of investment-grade securities, which may include commercial paper, money market funds, and government and non-government debt securities. Because of the short-term maturities of our cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and marketable securities, we do not believe that an increase in market rates would have any significant negative impact on the realized value of our investments. A one-eighth percent change in interest expense would have an annual impact of approximately 0.4 million on cash interest expense. 
 Foreign currency exchange risk 
 All of our revenue and a majority of our expense and capital purchasing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 were transacted in U.S. dollars. As we expand our sales and operations internationally, we will be more exposed to changes in foreign exchange rates. Our international revenue is currently collected in U.S. dollars. In the future, as we expand into additional international jurisdictions, we expect that our international sales will be primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. If we decide in the future to denominate international sales in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, unfavorable movement in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the currencies in which we conduct foreign sales could have an adverse impact on our revenue. 
 A portion of our operating expenses are incurred outside the United States and are denominated in foreign currencies, which are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. In particular, in our Australia and UK-based operations, we pay payroll and other expenses in Australian dollars and British pounds sterling, respectively. Our operating results and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. However, we believe that the exposure to foreign currency fluctuation from operating expenses is relatively small at this time as the related costs do not constitute a significant portion of our total expenses. 
 We currently do not hedge foreign currency exposure. We may in the future hedge our foreign currency exposure and may use currency forward contracts, currency options, and/or other common derivative financial instruments to reduce foreign currency risk. It is difficult to predict the effect future hedging activities would have on our operating results. 
 Credit risk 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, and accounts receivable. Our investment policy limits investments to high credit quality securities issued by the U.S. government, U.S. government-sponsored agencies, and highly rated corporate securities, subject to certain concentration limits and restrictions on maturities. Our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash are held by financial institutions that management believes are of high credit quality. Amounts on deposit may at times exceed FDIC insured limits. We have not experienced any losses on our deposits of cash and cash equivalents, and accounts are monitored by management to mitigate risk. We are exposed to credit risk in the event of default by the financial institutions holding our cash and cash equivalents or an event of default by the issuers of the corporate debt securities we hold. 
 Item 8. Financial Statement s and Supplementary Data. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes set forth on pages F-1 through F-23 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is processed, recorded, summarized, and reported within the 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 As required by SEC Rule 13a-15(b), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or Rule 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Our management (under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer) assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Based on our assessment and those criteria, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Remediation of Prior Year Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 In our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal controls related to information technology general controls ITGCs ). Specifically, we did not maintain effective controls over program change management for financially significant applications to ensure that IT program and data changes affecting financial IT applications and underlying accounting records are identified, tested, authorized and implemented appropriately. As a result, the effective functioning of access management controls, process-level automation and IT-dependent controls could have been compromised, which could result in misstatements potentially impacting financial statement accounts and disclosures that would not be prevented or detected. The material weakness did not result in any financial statement modifications. 
 During fiscal year 2022, we developed measures designed to address the above-described material weakness and enhance the Company s internal controls which has included additional controls specific to applications that manage and process IT program changes and expanding the management and governance over IT system controls. We have strengthened our ITGCs to address and successfully remediated the identified material weakness and management has concluded that the remediation plan was implemented, tested, effective and completed as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 Except for remediation of the prior year material weakness discussed above, there have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred in the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 On February 28, 2023, the Compensation Committee of the board of directors of the Company, following deliberation and peer review with Radford/Aon, its external compensation consultant, approved the entry into letter agreements (the Letters with senior executives, including each of our current named executive officers, Brent Bellm, Chief Executive Officer, Robert Alvarez, Chief Financial Officer, Russell Klein, Chief Commercial Officer, Robert Kaloustian, Chief Services Officer, and Brian Dhatt, Chief Technology Officer (collectively, the Executives ). 
 Pursuant to the Letters, in the event of an Executive s termination of employment with the Company by the Company without cause or due to the Executive s resignation for good reason (each such term as defined in the Letter), in either case, within three months before or within twelve months (or, for Messrs. Bellm, Alvarez, and Klein, eighteen months) after the consummation of a change in control of the Company (as defined in 
 45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the Letter), all of the Executive s then outstanding and unvested equity awards covering shares of the Company s common stock shall vest in full and, as applicable, become exercisable on the later of (i) the date on which the Executive s employment terminates (the Termination Date or (ii) the date on which the change in control is consummated. The accelerated vesting and exercisability described above will be subject to the applicable Executive s execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims in favor of the Company. 
 The Letter supersedes any prior agreements or arrangements between the Company and an Executive with respect to the accelerated vesting of any equity awards covering shares of the Company s common stock held by the Executive in connection with a termination of employment (but for clarity does not supersede any existing rights an Executive may, if any to the payment or provision of other types of benefits (excluding equity award acceleration)). 
 The foregoing description of the Letter is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by the complete terms of the Letter, a copy of which is included as Exhibit 10.25 to this Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company partially attained its performance goals under its 2022 Executive Bonus Plan at 44 of target level. The 2022 Executive Bonus Plan, as originally approved, provided that no bonuses would be payable unless the Company attained its performance goals at a threshold that would result in a payment of 50 or more of target level. However, in light of the Company s achievements in a challenging sector and macroeconomic environment at a performance that would otherwise have resulted in payment at 44 of target level and in order to promote employee retention and recognize the contributions of the participants to the Company, the Compensation Committee exercised discretion to approve payments of bonuses at 44 of target for all participants (including the Executives). 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 Information required by Part III, Item 10, will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated by reference. 
 Item 11. Executiv e Compensation. 
 Information required by Part III, Item 11, will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Information required by Part III, Item 12, will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Information required by Part III, Item 13, will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accoun ting Fees and Services. 
 Information required by Part III, Item 14, will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated by reference. 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financ ial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) Documents Filed with Report 

(1) Financial Statements; 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and, 2020 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Equity (deficit) for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and, 2020 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 9 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules. 

Schedules required by this item have been omitted since they are either not required or not applicable or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein or the notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits. 

The information required by this Item is set forth on the exhibit index that precedes the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Exhibit Index 

Exhibit 

Incorporated by Reference 

Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

2.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement by and among BigCommerce Holdings, Inc, BigCommerce Omni LLC, Feedonomics LLC, and certain other affiliated parties and significant equity holders of Feedonomics LLC, dated July 23, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39423 
 
 2.1 
 
 July 23, 2021 

3.1 
 
 Seventh Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, as currently in effect 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39423 
 
 3.1 
 
 August 7, 2020 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, as currently in effect 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39423 
 
 3.2 
 
 August 7, 2020 

4.1 
 
 Indenture, dated September 14, 2021 between Registrant and U.S National Association 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39423 
 
 4.1 
 
 September 15, 2021 

4.2 
 
 Form of certificate representing the 0.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1) 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39423 
 
 4.1 
 
 September 15, 2021 

10.1 
 
 Form of Capped Call Confirmation 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39423 
 
 10.1 
 
 September 15, 2021 

10.2 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2018 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-239838 
 
 10.1 
 
 July 13, 2020 

10.3+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Officers and Directors 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-239838 
 
 10.4 
 
 July 28, 2020 

10.4+ 
 
 BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Plan (including forms of award agreements thereunder) 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-242387 
 
 4.3 
 
 August 7, 2020 

10.5+ 
 
 BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (including forms of award agreements thereunder) 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-242387 
 
 4.4 
 
 August 7, 2020 

10.6+ 
 
 BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (including forms of award agreements thereunder) 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-242387 
 
 4.5 
 
 August 7, 2020 

10.7+ 
 
 Offer Letter dated May 29, 2015, by and between the Registrant and Brent Bellm 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-239838 
 
 10.12 
 
 July 13, 2020 

10.8+ 
 
 Amendment to Offer Letter dated February 12, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Brent Bellm 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-239838 
 
 10.13 
 
 July 13, 2020 

10.9+ 
 
 Offer Letter dated May 10, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Lisa Pearson 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-239838 
 
 10.14 
 
 July 13, 2020 

10.10+ 
 
 Offer Letter dated September 9, 2016, by and between the Registrant and Brian Dhatt 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-239838 
 
 10.15 
 
 July 13, 2020 

10.11+ 
 
 Amendment to Offer Letter dated February 2, 2017, by and between BigCommerce, Inc. and Brian Dhatt 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-239838 
 
 10.16 
 
 July 13, 2020 

10.12+ 
 
 Offer Letter dated May 1, 2014, by and between the Registrant and Robert Alvarez 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-39423 
 
 10.2 
 
 May 4, 2022 

10.13+ 
 
 Amendment to Offer Letter dated February 11, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Robert Alvarez 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-39423 
 
 10.3 
 
 May 4, 2022 

10.14+ 
 
 Offer Letter dated October 7, 2015, by and between the Registrant and Russell Klein 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-39423 
 
 10.4 
 
 May 4, 2022 

10.15+ 
 
 Promotion Letter dated December 26, 2017, executed by Russell Klein 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-39423 
 
 10.5 
 
 May 4, 2022 

49 
 
 Table of Contents 

10.16+ 
 
 Amendment to Offer Letter dated March 2, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Russell Klein 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-39423 
 
 10.6 
 
 May 4, 2022 

10.17+ 
 
 Offer Letter dated April 7, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Robert Kaloustian 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-39423 
 
 10.7 
 
 May 4, 2022 

10.18 
 
 Office Lease, dated November 20, 2012, by and between New TPG-Four Points, L.P. and BigCommerce, Inc. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-239838 
 
 10.17 
 
 July 13, 2020 

10.19 
 
 First Amendment to Lease, dated February 5, 2018, by and between G I VII Four Points LP and BigCommerce, Inc. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-239838 
 
 10.18 
 
 July 13, 2020 

10.20 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease, dated October 4, 2018, by and between G I VII Four Points LP and BigCommerce, Inc. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-239838 
 
 10.19 
 
 July 13, 2020 

10.21 
 
 PayPal Commerce Platform Global Partner Agreement, dated January 1, 2020, by and among PayPal, Inc., PayPal Pte. Ltd, BigCommerce, Inc., BigCommerce Pty Ltd, BigCommerce UK Ltd, and BigCommerce Software Ireland Limited 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-239838 
 
 10.20 
 
 July 13, 2020 

10.22+ 
 
 BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. 2022 Executive Bonus Plan 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-39423 
 
 10.16 
 
 March 1, 2022 

10.23+ 
 
 BigCommerce Holdings, Inc, 2021 Executive Bonus Plan 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-39423 
 
 10.18 
 
 February 26, 2021 

10.24+ 
 
 Form of Severance Letter Agreement, dated August 9, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-39423 
 
 10.1 
 
 August 12, 2022 

10.25+ 
 
 Form of Equity Acceleration Letter, dated February 28, 2023 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in the Exhibit) 

+ Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 ) Pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, certain exhibits and schedules to this agreement have been omitted. The Company hereby agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC, upon its request, any or all of such omitted exhibits or schedules. 
 Filed herewith. 
 ) Portions of this exhibit have been omitted as we have determined that the information (i) is not material and (ii) would likely cause competitive harm to us if publicly disclosed. 
 
 50 
 
 Table of Contents 

51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

BIGCOMMERCE HOLDINGS, INC. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Brent Bellm 

Brent Bellm 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Brent Bellm 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Brent Bellm 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Robert Alvarez 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Robert Alvarez 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Thomas Aylor 
 
 Vice President, Accounting 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Thomas Aylor 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Lawrence Bohn 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Lawrence Bohn 

/s/ Donald E. Clarke 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Donald E. Clarke 

/s/ Sally Gilligan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Sally Gilligan 

/s/ Satish Malhotra 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Satish Malhotra 

/s/ Jeff Richards 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Jeff Richards 

/s/ Ellen F. Siminoff 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Ellen F. Siminoff 

52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and, 2020 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Equity (deficit) for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and, 2020 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 9 

F- 1 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, convertible preferred stock and stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical audit matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Revenue Recognition - Assessment of Collectability for Enterprise Subscription Revenue and Receivables 

Description of the Matter 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company's contracts with merchants provided with enterprise subscription services often include promotional periods which results in a contract asset. The Company constrains revenue as well as maintains an allowance for estimated credit losses for its enterprise customers to address collectability risk. Judgement exists in assessing the assumptions which are used in estimating constrained revenue and credit losses related to these merchant contracts, including forecasting future economic conditions and identifying the distinction between constrained revenue and credit losses. 

Auditing the Company s recognition of revenue and estimated credit losses related to enterprise subscription arrangements was complex because of the management judgements required in the estimation of constrained revenue and credit losses for enterprise subscription services. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls related to the Company s process for recognizing enterprise subscription services revenue and estimating credit losses, inclusive of management s review of the assumptions used to assess collectability and the judgments made in allocating the collectability factors between constrained revenue and forecasted credit losses. Our audit procedures included, among others, testing the underlying data used in the calculations and evaluating the significant assumptions used by management for assessing the collectability of enterprise subscription services to estimate constrained revenue and credit losses. For example, we selected a sample of customers to confirm the terms of the agreements and receivable balances. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 
 Austin, Texas 
 March 1, 2023 
 F- 2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of independent registered public accounting firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, convertible preferred stock and stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements and our report date March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Austin, Texas 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 F- 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated b alance sheets 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Marketable securities 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Deferred commissions 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use-asset 

Prepaid expenses, net of current portion 

Deferred commissions, net of current portion 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred revenue, net of current portion 

Long-term debt 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Other long-term liabilities, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock par value; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Common stock, par value; shares Series 1 authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; , and shares Series 1 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated statem ents of operations 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Acquisition related expenses 

Restructuring charges 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Change in fair value of financial instruments 

Other expense 

() 

() 

() 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends and accretion of issuance costs on Series F preferred stock 

() 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted average shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated statements of comprehensive loss 
 (in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Net unrealized gain (loss) on marketable debt securities 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated statements of convertible prefer red stock and stockholders equity (deficit) 
 (in thousands) 

Convertible preferred stock 

Common stock 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Stockholders equity (deficit) 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Exercise of warrants 

Stock-based compensation 

Adoption of new accounting standard (See Note 2) 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other offerings costs 

Issuance of common stock upon secondary public offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs 

Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock upon initial public offering 

() 

() 

Conversion of redeemable convertible debt to common stock upon initial public offering 

Accumulated dividend Series F 

() 

() 

Payment of Series F dividend 

() 

Accretion of Series F issuance costs 

() 

() 

Warrants issued in connection with debt 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Release of restricted stock units 

Issuance of common stock as consideration for an acquisition 

Stock-based compensation 

Purchase of capped call 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options, net of shares withheld for taxes 

Release of restricted stock units 

Issuance of common stock as consideration for an acquisition 

Stock-based compensation 

Total other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated statem ents of cash flows 
 (in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of discount on debt 

Stock-based compensation 

Allowance for credit losses 

Change in fair value of financial instrument 

() 

Restructuring charges 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred commissions 

() 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash paid for acquisition 

() 

() 

Purchase of marketable securities 

() 

() 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Maturity of marketable securities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

() 

Purchase of capped calls 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon secondary offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other offerings costs 

Payment of Series F dividends 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options and warrants 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes 

Repayment of debt 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Fair value of shares issued as consideration for acquisition 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock into common stock upon initial public offering 

Conversion of convertible debt into common stock upon initial public offering 

Changes in capital additions, accrued but not paid 

Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash within the condensed consolidated balance sheet to the amounts shown in the statements of cash flows above: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 8 
 
 Table of Contents 

BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 

Americas other 

EMEA 

APAC 

Total revenue 

Americas other 

EMEA 

APAC 

Total long-lived assets 

to . The accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 included unbilled receivables of million and million, respectively. Unbilled receivables at December 31, 2022 and 2021 includes contract assets related to enterprise subscription solutions and PSR customers of million and million, and million and million, respectively. We assess the collectability of outstanding accounts receivable on an ongoing basis and maintain an allowance for credit losses for accounts receivable deemed uncollectible. The balance of accounts receivable includes accounts that have been invoiced but unpaid, and unbilled amounts, which represents revenue recognized in advance of billing. We analyze both the invoiced accounts receivable portfolio and our unbilled accounts receivable for significant risks, historical collection activity, and an estimate of future collectability to determine the amount that we will ultimately collect. This estimate is analyzed quarterly and adjusted as necessary. Identified risks pertaining to our invoiced accounts receivable, include the delinquency level, customer type, and current economic environment. The estimate of the amount of accounts receivable that may not be collected is based on aging of the accounts receivable balances and the financial condition of customers, our assessment of the overall portfolio and general economic conditions. Identified risks pertaining to our subscription unbilled accounts receivable include customer type, customer activity on our platform, historical contract termination rates, and customer delinquency. The estimate of the amount of accounts receivable that may not be collected is based primarily on historical contract termination rates, customer delinquency rates and an assessment of the overall portfolio and general economic conditions. The identified risk related to our unbilled accounts related to our PSR business are current partner engagement and activity, the financial wherewithal of the partner, the partner s future plans and the ability to execute on the plans, and their liquidity and overall financial position. The estimate of the amount of accounts receivable that may not be collected is based primarily on the specific evaluation of the partner based on current level of engagement with BigCommerce, their overall financial position and general economic conditions. 

Cumulative effect adjustment upon adoption 

Provision for expected credit losses 

Accounts written off 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Provision for expected credit losses 

Accounts written off 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Provision for expected credit losses 

Accounts written off 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The year over year increase in the provision for credit losses was due to an increase in specific reserves as we implemented stricter revenue collection and reserve policies along with an increase in delinquent accounts due to general economic conditions, which led to an increase in the estimate of our overall loss percentage applied to a portion of our portfolio, including unbilled accounts receivable 
 
 years 

Computer software 
 
 years 

Furniture and fixtures 
 
 years 

Leasehold improvements 
 
 - 

Maintenance and repairs that do not enhance or extend the asset s useful life are charged to operating expenses as incurred. The carrying values of property and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their net book value may not be recoverable. When such factors and circumstances exist, we compare the projected undiscounted future cash flows associated with groups of assets used in combination over their estimated useful lives against their respective carrying amounts. If projected undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset group, impairment is recorded for any excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of those assets in the period in which the determination is made. 
 million. As of December 31, 2021, software costs capitalized were million. 
 Accounts receivable, including unbilled amounts, are derived from sales to our customers and our strategic technology partners who operate in a variety of sectors. We do not require collateral. Estimated credit losses are provided for in the consolidated financial statements and historically have been within management s expectations. of our strategic partners accou nted for , and of our revenue at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and two of our strategic partners accounted for at December 31, 2022 while only one strategic partner accounted for and of our accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 millio n, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 million as further discussed in Note 8 Leases . 
 from the acquisition date, adjustments to the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed may be recorded, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair value of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Acquisition related expenses 
 million, million, and million in acquisition related expenses during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, million was recognized on acquisition related spend and 3 million was recognized in connection with contingent compensation arrangements, as further discussed in Note 5 Business Combination . For the year ended December 31, 2021, million was recognized on acquisition related spend and million was recognized in connection with contingent compensation arrangement. We entered into contingent compensation arrangements, in which payments will be made or have been made, as applicable, after the first and second anniversaries of the closing or upon the earlier achievement of certain product and financial milestones. The compensation arrangements are contingent upon continued post-acquisition employment with us. We account for the cost related to the first and second contingent compensation arrangement payments over the service periods of and months, respectively, beginning on the acquisition date, assuming earlier achievement of product and financial milestones is unlikely to be met. 
 Acquired finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. We evaluate the estimated remaining useful life of these assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate a revision to the remaining period of amortization. If we revise the estimated useful life assumption for any assets, the remaining unamortized balance is amortized over the revised estimated useful life on a prospective basis. 
 t accrued any interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits. We believe that all material tax positions in the current and prior years have been analyzed and properly accounted for and that the risk of additional material uncertain tax positions that have not been identified is remote. 
 
 this standard on , using the prospective method. There is material impact to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the adoption. 

Partner and services 

Total revenue 

Subscription solutions Subscription solutions revenue consists primarily of platform subscription fees from all plans. It also includes recurring professional services and sales of SSL certificates. Subscription solutions are charged monthly, quarterly, or annually for our customers to sell their products and process transactions on our platform. Subscription solutions are generally charged per online store and are based on the store s subscription plan. Monthly subscription fees for Pro and Enterprise plans are adjusted if a customer s gross merchandise volume or orders processed are above specified plan thresholds on a trailing twelve-month basis. For most subscription solutions arrangements, excluding enterprise subscription plans, we have determined we meet the variable consideration allocation exception and, therefore, recognize fixed monthly fees or a pro-rata portion of quarterly or annual fees and any transaction fees as revenue in the month they are earned. Enterprise subscription plans include an upfront promotional period in order to incentivize the customer to enter into a subscription arrangement. For these Enterprise arrangements, the total subscription fee is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. Revenue recognized in advance of billing is recorded as unbilled accounts receivable. In determining the amount of revenue to be recognized, we determine whether collection of the transaction price is probable. Only amounts deemed probable are recognized as revenue. Key factors in this determination are historical contract termination rates and general economic factors. Professional services, which primarily consist of education packages, launch services, solutions architecting, implementation consulting, and catalog transfer services, are generally billed and recognized as revenue when delivered. Contracts with our retail customers are generally month-to-month, while contracts with our Enterprise customers generally range from one to . Contracts are typically non-cancellable for convenience and do not contain refund-type provisions. Revenue is presented net of sales tax and other taxes we collect on behalf of governmental authorities. Subsequent to our acquisition of Feedonomics on July 23, 2021, subscription revenue includes revenue from Feedonomics. Feedonomics provides a technology platform and related services that enables online retailers and other sellers to automate online listings of the sellers information across multiple third-party marketplaces and advertisers (such as Amazon, Google, Facebook, etc.). We provide these services under service contracts which are generally one year or less, and in many cases month-to-month. These service types may be sold stand-alone or as part of a multi-service bundle (e.g. both marketplaces and advertising). The service offerings constitute a single combined performance obligation. Services are performed and fees are determined based on monthly usage and are billed in arrears. Partner and services Our partner and services revenue consists of revenue share, partner technology integrations, and marketing services provided to partners. Revenue share relates to fees earned by our partners from customers using our platform, where we have an arrangement with such partners to share such fees as they occur. Revenue share is recognized at the time the earning activity is complete, which is generally monthly. Revenue for partner technology integrations is recorded on a straight-line basis over the life of the contract commencing when the integration has been completed. Fees for marketing services are recognized either at the time the earning activity is complete, or ratably over the length of the contract, depending on the nature of the obligations in the contract. Payments received in advance of services being rendered are recorded as deferred revenue and recognized when the obligation is completed. We also derive revenue from the sales of website themes and applications upon delivery. We recognize revenue share from the sales of third-party applications, on a net basis as we have determined that we are the agent in our arrangements with third-party application providers. All other revenue is recognized on a gross basis, as we have determined we are the principal in these arrangements. Contracts with multiple performance obligations A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. Our subscription contracts are generally comprised of a single performance obligation to provide access to our platform, but can include additional performance obligations. For contracts with multiple performance obligations where the contracted price differs from the standalone selling price SSP for any distinct good or service, we may be required to allocate the contract s transaction price to each performance obligation using our best estimate of SSP. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. A contract's transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. We have determined that our standard list price is our best approximation of SSP. Contracts with our technology solution partners may include multiple performance obligations, which can include integrations and marketing activities. In determining whether integration services are distinct from hosting services we consider various factors. These considerations included the level of integration, interdependency, and interrelation between the implementation and hosting service. We have concluded that the integration services included in contracts with hosting obligations are not distinct. As a result, we defer any arrangement fees for integration services and recognize such amounts over the life of the hosting obligation commencing when the integration has been completed. To determine if marketing activities are distinct, we consider the nature of the promise in the contract, the timing of payment, and the partner expectations. Additional consideration for some partner contracts varies based on the level of customer activity on the platform. Certain agreements contain minimum guarantees of revenue share. These contracts are evaluated to determine if the guaranteed minimum is substantive. If the minimum is deemed substantive, revenue is recognized ratably over the life of the agreement, which results in a contract asset that is included in unbilled receivables. For most of our contracts, we have determined that we meet the variable consideration allocation exception and therefore recognize these variable fees in the period they are earned. Cost of revenue Cost of revenue consists primarily of personnel-related costs, including: stock-based compensation expenses for customer support and professional services personnel; costs of maintaining and securing our infrastructure and platform; amortization expense associated with capitalized internal-use software; and allocation of overhead costs. With our acquisition of Feedonomics on July 23, 2021, cost of revenue also includes personnel and other costs related to feed management services along with other customer support personnel. Deferred revenue Deferred revenue primarily consists of amounts that have been billed to or received from customers in advance of performing the associated services. We recognize revenue from deferred revenue when the services are performed and the corresponding revenue recognition criteria are met. We recognized million of previou sly deferred revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. The net increase in the deferred revenue balance for the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily due to increase in SaaS related subscriptions. Amounts recognized from deferred revenue represent primarily revenue from the sale of subscription solutions, integration, and marketing services. As of December 31, 2022, we had million of remaining performance obligations, which represents contracted revenue minimums that have not yet been recognized, including amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods. of the rem aining performance obligations as revenue in the next months, and the remaining balance in the periods thereafter. Deferred commissions Certain sales commissions earned by our sales force are considered incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. Sales commissions are not paid on subscription renewals. We amortize deferred sales commissions ratably over the estimated period of our relationship with customers of approximately . Based on historical experience, we determine the average life of our customer relationship by taking into consideration our customer contracts and the estimated technological life of our platform and related significant features. We include amortization of deferred commissions in Sales and marketing expense in the consolidated statements of operations. We periodically review the carrying amount of deferred commissions to determine whether events or changes in circumstances have occurred that could impact the period of benefit of these deferred costs. We did t recognize an impairment of deferred commissions during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Sales commissions of million, million and million were deferred for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively; and deferred commission amortization expe nse was millio n, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

 inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value are as follows: Level 1 Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date. 

 Level 2 Inputs are other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. 

 Level 3 Inputs are unobservable that are significant to the fair value of the asset or liability and are developed based on the best information available in the circumstances, which might include our data. 

U.S treasury securities 

Corporate securities 

Total financial assets 

As of December 31, 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 (Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Total 

Financial assets: 

Money market funds 

U.S. treasury securities 

Corporate securities 

Money market funds 

As of December 31, 2022 

(in thousands) 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Estimated Fair Value 

Cash equivalents: 

Money market funds 

() 

Marketable securities: 

U.S treasury securities 

() 

Corporate securities 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Estimated Fair Value 

Cash equivalents: 

Money market funds 

Marketable securities: 

U.S. treasury securities 

() 

Corporate securities 

() 

In September 2021, we issued million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2026 (the Notes ). The estimated fair value of the notes was app roximately million as of December 31, 2022. The Notes were categorized as Level 2 instruments as the estimated fair value was determined based on estimated or actual bids and offers of the Notes in an inactive market on the last business day of the period. 

 , BigCommerce completed its acquisition of Bundle B2B Inc. Bundle ), a B2B eCommerce solution that provides advanced B2B functionality seamlessly with BigCommerce s platform. The total purchase price was million. We acquired Bundle because it is complementary to our core business and will allow us to expand our product offerings to our merchant base. The purchase price was based on the expected financial performance of Bundle, not on the value of the net identifiable assets at the time of the acquisition. This resulted in a significant portion of the purchase price being attributed to goodwill. The purchase price included the issuance of common stock in the amount of million, cash of million, an escrow withheld in the amount of million and million of contingent consideration. The amount held in escrow will be paid out on the first anniversary date with the issuance of the stock based on the fair value of our common stock on the date of payment. Of the million contingent consideration, million is tied to the migration of old merchants to updated plans over a -months period from acquisition date and the remaining million is tied to ongoing performance measures over a -months period from the acquisition date. The contingent consideration ties to the migration of old merchants to updated plans was met within the first 6 months from the acquisition date and we made the payment in all stock on November 7, 2022. The purchase price included million of developed technology and million of goodwill that is not deductible for tax purposes. The identifiable intangible assets, which consisted of developed technology, have estimated useful lives of . The pro forma financial information assuming fiscal 2022 acquisition had occurred as of the beginning of the fiscal year prior to the fiscal year of the acquisition, as well as the revenue and earnings generated during the current fiscal year, were not material for disclosure purposes. Fiscal 2021 November 2021 Acquisition of Quote Ninja, Inc. (dba B2B Ninja) On November 12, 2021, BigCommerce acquired Quote Ninja, Inc. B2B Ninja ), a premier enterprise software solution providing leading business-to-business ecommerce capabilities for merchants of all sizes. The total purchase price was million paid from our common stock. In addition to the closing stock consideration, we entered into a contingent compensation arrangement with certain employees of B2B Ninja for their post-acquisition services, in which million in additional common stock would be paid to those individuals on the first and second anniversaries of the closing for an aggregate amount of million. We made the first contingent payment of million in all stock on November 16, 2022. The purchase price primarily included million of intangible assets and million of goodwill that is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The identifiable intangible assets, which primarily consisted of developed technology, have estimated useful lives of . July 2021 Acquisition of Feedonomics On July 23, 2021, we acquired substantially all the assets and assumed certain specified liabilities of Feedonomics, LLC s existing business Feedonomics ), a SaaS company offering an online product feed management platform used by merchants to optimize product data and syndicate and list products into multiple sales channels, including advertising, marketplace, affiliate and social channels, for a total purchase price of million in cash. T 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Acquisition related intangible assets 

Other non-current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Customer prepaid liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Net asset acquired, excluding goodwill 

Total purchase consideration 

Goodwill 

We acquired Feedonomics because it is complementary to our core business. The purchase price was based on the expected financial performance of Feedonomics, not on the value of the net identifiable assets at the time of the acquisition. This resulted in a significant portion of the purchase price being attributed to goodwill. The goodwill amount represents synergies expected to be realized from the business combination and assembled workforce. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed were reviewed and adjusted to their fair values at the date of the acquisition, as necessary. The fair value of the developed technology and the trade name were determined using the relief from royalty method and customer relationships and non-compete agreement were determined using the multi-period excess earning model. The valuation of the intangibles assets incorporate significant unobservable input and require management judgment and estimate, including the amount and timing of the future cashflow and the determination of the discount rate. The goodwill of million from this transaction is deductible for tax purposes and will be amortized over years beginning in the month of acquisition. We have evaluated the tax treatment of contingent compensation arrangements which will be treated as consideration for tax purposes and increase the amount of tax deductible goodwill when paid. In conjunction with the transaction, we entered into a contingent compensation arrangement with certain employees of Feedonomics for their postacquisition services, in which million will be paid to those individuals within ten business days after the second anniversary of the closing or upon the earlier achievement of certain product and financial milestones for an aggregate amount of million, inclusive of the first payment made on August 3, 2022. Product milestones include certain product enhancement and integration with existing products and financial milestones include certain revenue and gross margin targets. We account for the cost related to the first and second contingent compensation arrangement payments over the service periods of and months, respectively, beginning on the acquisition date, assuming earlier achievement of product and financial milestones is unlikely to be met. As th e contingent compensation is related to post-acquisition services, it is not considered as part of the purchase price of million. We recognized million and million in addit ional compensation expense related to these contingent compensation arrangements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We include this expense in acquisition related expenses in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Further, we elected to make the first contingent compensation payment of million in cash and made that payment on August 3, 2022. 

Customer relationship 

Trade name 

Non-compete agreement 

Total acquisition-related intangible assets 

Unaudited pro forma financial information . The unaudited pro forma financial information includes adjustments required under the acquisition method of accounting and is presented for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results that would have been achieved had the acquisition actually occurred on January 1, 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2022, pro forma adjustment include a decrease of million in compensation costs related to the post-acquisition compensation arrangement. For the year ended December 31, 2021, pro forma adjustments include a reduction in transaction-related costs of million excluding the compensation cost related to post-acquisition compensation arrangement because they are non-recurring in nature, an increase in amortization of intangible of million and a decrease of million in compensation costs related to the post-acquisition compensation arrangement. The increase in the pro forma adjustment in 2022 can be attributed to the time period in which the post-acquisition compensation arrangement is recognized over the service period of 12 and 24 months. 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Goodwill acquired 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Goodwill amounts are not amortized but tested for impairment on an annual basis. There was impairment of goodwill as of December 31, 2022. Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the useful life. Definite-lived intangible assets amortizatio n was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

() 

() 

Customer relationship 

() 

() 

Trade name 

() 

() 

Non-compete agreement 

() 

() 

Other intangibles 

() 

() 

Total definite-lived intangible 

() 

() 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Computer software 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense on property and equip ment was mi llion, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter 

Total 

Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines, penalties, and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and that the amount can be reasonably estimated. Legal costs incurred in connection with loss contingencies are expensed as incurred. From time to time, we are subject to various claims that arise in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management, we are unaware of any pending or unasserted claims that would have a material adverse effect on our financial position, liquidity, or results. Certain executive officers are entitled to payments in the event of termination of employment in connection with a certain change in control. Our certificate of incorporation and certain contractual arrangements provide for indemnification of our officers and directors for certain events or occurrences. We maintain a directors and officers insurance policy to provide coverage in the event of a claim against an officer or director. Historically, we have not been obligated to make any payments for indemnification obligations, and liabilities have been recorded for these obligations on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Leases We lease certain facilities under operating lease agreements that expire at various dates through . Some of these arrangements contain renewal options and require us to pay taxes, insurance and maintenance costs. Renewal options were not included in the ROU asset and lease liability calculation. We adopted ASC Topic 842, Leases on January 1, 2019. Operating expenses were and million, which included short-term rent expense of and million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Operating rent expense was million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 

Year ended December 31, 

Operating lease information 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 

Weighted-average remaining lease-term 
 
 years 
 
 years 

Weighted-average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

() 

Total lease liabilities 

Restructuring charges In December of 2022, we executed a plan to reduce our cost structure (the 2022 Restructure ). The 2022 Restructure included workforce reduction initiatives which resulted in million of severance and other compensation charges to be paid in the first quarter of 2023. The 2022 Restructure also included the decision to cease using certain leased office space in Texas and to make this office space available for sublease in January 2023. As a result, we evaluated the recoverability of our right-of-use assets and determined the carrying values were not fully recoverable. We calculated the impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the asset group to its estimated fair value based on inputs derived from market prices for similar assets. As a result, we impaired million in right-of-use assets and have recorded this amount in Restructuring Charges on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The impairment charge represents the amount by which the carrying value exceeded the estimated fair value of the asset group. These charges were recorded within the operating expenses on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

Payroll and payroll related expenses 

Acquisition related compensation 

Other 

Other current liabilities 

million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2026 (the Notes ). The Notes were issued in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The net proceeds from the sales of the Notes was approximately million after deducting offering and issuance costs related to the Notes and before the 2021 Capped Call transactions, as described below. The Notes are our senior, unsecured obligations and accrue interest at a rate of per annum, payable in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year , beginning on April 1, 2022. The Notes will mature on , unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased by us. Before July 1, 2026, noteholders will have the right to convert their Notes only under the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter) commencing after the calendar quarter ending on December 31, 2021, if the Last Reported Sale Price (as defined in the indenture for the Notes) per share of Common Stock (as defined in the indenture for the Notes) exceeds one hundred and thirty percent of the Conversion Price (as defined in the indenture for the Notes) for each of at least twenty Trading Days (as defined in the indenture for the notes) (whether or not consecutive) during the thirty consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the last Trading Day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; (2) during the five (5) consecutive Business Days (as defined in the indenture for the Notes) immediately after any ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period (such ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period, the Measurement Period if the Trading Price per principal amount of Notes for each Trading Day of the Measurement Period was less than ninety eight percent of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price per share of Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate (as defined in the indenture for the Notes) on such Trading Day; (3) if we call any or all of the Notes for redemption, such Notes called for redemption may be converted any time prior to the close of business on the second business day immediately before the redemption date; or (4) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. From and after July 1, 2026, noteholders may convert their Notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. We will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. The initial conversion rate for the Notes is shares of common stock per principal amount of Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price will be subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, such as distribution of stock dividends or stock splits. We may not redeem the Notes prior to October 7, 2024. The Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part (subject to certain limitations), for cash at our option at any time, and from time to time, on or after October 7, 2024 and on or before the 25th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, but only if the last reported sale price per share of our common stock exceeds 130 of the conversion price on (i) each of at least trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date we send the related redemption notice; and (ii) the trading day immediately before the date we send such notice. The redemption price will be a cash amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to, but excluding, the redemption date. Pursuant to the Partial Redemption Limitation (as defined in the indenture for the Notes), we may not elect to redeem less than all of the outstanding Notes unless at least million aggregate principal amount of Notes are outstanding and not subject to redemption as of the time we send the related redemption notice. If a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture for the Notes) occurs, then, subject to a limited exception, noteholders may require us to repurchase their Notes for cash. The repurchase price will be equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to, but excluding, the applicable repurchase date. In accounting for the issuance of the Notes, we recorded the Notes as a liability at face value. The effective interest rate for the Notes was . Transaction costs of million, attributable to the issuance of the Notes were recorded as a direct deduction from the related debt liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and are amortized to interest expense over the term of the Notes. 2021 Capped Call Transactions In connection with the pricing of the 2021 Notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions (the Capped Call Transactions with certain financial institutions. We used million of the net proceeds from the Notes to enter into privately negotiated capped call instruments the Capped Call Transactions with certain financial institutions. The Capped Call Transactions are generally expected to reduce potential dilution to holders of our common stock upon any conversion of the Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of the Notes upon conversion of the Notes in the event that the market price per share of our common stock is greater than the strike price of the Capped Call Transactions with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. The Capped Call Transactions have an initial cap price of approximately per share, which represents a premium of over the last reported sale prices of our common stock of per share on September 9, 2021, and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions. Collectively, the Capped Call Transactions cover, initially, the number of shares of our common stock underlying the Notes, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the Notes. The Capped Call Transactions do not meet the criteria for separate accounting as a derivative as they are indexed to our stock. The premiums paid for the Capped Call Transaction have been included as a net reduction to additional paid-in capital within stockholders equity. 

Unamortized issuance costs 

() 

() 

Carrying value, net 

Amortization of issuance costs 

Total 

Debt fees Lender fees that were paid upfront to the lenders and debt issuance fees paid to third parties are recorded as a discount to the carrying amount of debt and are being amortized to interest expense over the life of the debt. Interest expense related to debt discount amortization was not material for any of the periods presented. Net unamortized debt issuance fees as of December 31, 2022 amounted to million. 

 F- 21 
 
 Table of Contents 

shares of our common stock was initially authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2020 Plan. This reserve automatically increased on January 1, 2021, and each subsequent anniversary through and including January 1, 2031, by an amount equal to the smaller of (a) of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 and (b) an amount determined by our board of directors. On January 1, 2023 and January 1, 2022 the reserve increased by shares and shares, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, a total of shares of common stock remain available for future issuance under the 2020 Plan. Stock options We use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of our share-based payment awards. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires estimates regarding the risk-free rate of return, dividend yields, expected life of the award, and expected annual volatility during the service period. The calculation of expected volatility is based on historical volatility for comparable industry peer groups over periods of time equivalent to the expected life of each stock option grant. As we do not have a significant history as a publicly traded company, we believe that comparable industry peer groups provide a reasonable measurement of volatility in order to calculate a reasonable estimate of fair value of each stock award. The expected term is calculated based on the weighted average of the remaining vesting term and the remaining contractual life of each award. We based the estimate of risk-free rate on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant or modification. We have never paid cash dividends and do not currently intend to pay cash dividends, and thus have assumed a dividend yield of . Subsequent to our IPO on August 4, 2020, we utilize the quoted market price for our stock on the grant date in the fair value calculation. Prior to our IPO, we estimated the fair value of common stock at the time of grant of the option by considering a number of objective and subjective factors, including independent third-party valuations of our common stock, operating and financial performance, the lack of liquidity of capital stock, and general and industry-specific economic outlook, among other factors. We estimate potential forfeitures of stock grants and adjust compensation cost recorded accordingly. The estimate of forfeitures will be adjusted over the requisite service period to the extent that actual forfeitures differ, or are expected to differ, from such estimates. Changes in estimated forfeitures will be recognized through a cumulative catch-up adjustment in the period of change and will also impact the amount of stock compensation expense to be recognized in future periods. 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 

Expected volatility 
 
 - 

Expected life in years 
 
 - years 

years 

years 

Dividend yield 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 (1) 

Vested at December 31, 2022 

(1) The expected-to-vest options are the result of applying the pre-vesting forfeiture rate to outstanding options. 

The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 w as million, million and million, respectively. The intrinsic value was calculated as the difference between the estimated fair value of our common stock at exercise, and t he exercise price of the in-the-money options. The total grant date fair value of options vested for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was milli on, million, and million. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there was an estimate d mil lion, million and million, respectively, of total unrecognized compensation costs related to stock options. These costs will be recognized over a weighted-averag e period of years. Restricted stock units During the year en ded December 31, 2022, we granted RSUs to members of management, board members and certain other employees pursuant to the 2020 Plan. The fair value of the RSU grant is determined based upon the market closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. The RSUs vest over the requisite service period of years, subject to the continued employment of the employees. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Cancelled/Forfeited/Expired 

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Cancelled/Forfeited/Expired 

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2022, there was an estimated million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation costs related to RSUs. These costs will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Performance-based restricted stock units During the year ended December 31, 2020, we granted PSUs to members of management pursuant to the 2013 Plan. These PSUS contained a performance clause which required us to successfully complete an IPO as well as a service condition that required continued employment. As of December 31, 2022, PSUs remain unvested and outstanding. These PSUs vest on a tranche by tranche basis over the life of the service period of - . At December 31, 2022, there was an estima ted million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation costs related to these PSUs. These costs will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

() 

() 

Non-U.S. 

() 

() 

() 

Total pre-tax losses 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

State 

Foreign 

Total deferred 

() 

Total provision (benefit) 

() 

Our provision for income taxes attributable to continuing operations differs from the expected tax expense (benefit) amount computed by applying the U.S. statutory federal income tax rate of to income from continuing operations before income taxes. The variance is primarily a result of the application of a valuation allowance for net deferred assets, including NOL carryforwards and credits generated in Australia, the UK, and the United States. Current state income tax expense for the period is a result of the Texas Gross Margin tax. Current foreign income tax expense for the period is a result of taxable profits in Ireland, Ukraine and other foreign countries where we are profitable along with withholding taxes. Deferred income tax expense is a result of taxable temporary differences related to indefinite-lived assets along with a tax benefit related to the reduction of the valuation allowance due to the purchase of Bundle B2B during the year. 

Year ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

U.S. federal taxes at statutory rate 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Foreign tax rate differentials 

Research and development credit 

Purchase price accounting 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

Officers compensation 

() 

() 

Permanent differences, other 

() 

() 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

Effective tax rate 

() 

() 
 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the TJCA subjects a U.S. shareholder to current tax on certain earnings of foreign subsidiaries under a provision commonly known as GILTI (global intangible low-taxed income). Under U.S. GAAP, an accounting policy election can be made to either recognize deferred taxes for temporary basis differences expected to reverse as GILTI in future years, or to provide for the tax expense related to GILTI in the year the tax is incurred as a period expense only. We have elected to account for GILTI in the year the tax is incurred. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 

Accrued compensation 

Allowance for credit losses 

Capitalized research and experimental costs 

Deferred lease liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Deferred commissions 

() 

() 

Right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Goodwill 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

At December 31, 2022, we had NOL carryforwards for U.S. federal income tax purposes of approximately million. Of this total, million is related to tax years 2018-2022 that do not have an expiration, as a result of the TCJA. The remaining million of U.S. federal NOL carryforwards are available to offset future U.S. federal taxable income and begin to expire in . At December 31, 2022, we had NOL carryforwards for certain state income tax purposes of approximately million. These state NOL carryforwards are available to offset future state taxable income and begin to expire in . At December 31, 2022, we had foreign NOL carryforwards in Australia and the U.K., combined, of approximately million, which are available to offset future foreign taxable income and that do not have an expiration. At December 31, 2022, we did not provide any U.S. income or foreign withholding taxes related to certain foreign subsidiaries undistributed earnings, as such earnings have been retained and are intended to be indefinitely reinvested. The majority of our foreign operations are in excess tax basis over book basis positions. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of taxes that would be payable upon remittance of these earnings, because such tax, if any, is dependent upon circumstances existing if and when remittance occur. At December 31, 2022, we had research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately million, which are available to offset future U.S. federal income tax. These U.S. federal tax credits begin to expire in . We have established a valuation allowance due to uncertainties regarding the realizability of deferred tax assets based on our lack of earnings history. During 2022, the valuation allowance increased by approximately million due to continuing operations. We file U.S. federal, state and foreign income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. The 2019 through 2022 tax years generally remain open and subject to examination by U.S. federal, state and foreign tax authorities. Losses generated in any year since inception remain open to adjustment until the statute of limitations closes for the tax year in which the NOL carryforwards are utilized. We are currently under audit only in the state of Rhode Island. As of December 31, 2022, we had million unrecognized tax benefits, none of which may reverse in the next 12 months. Our practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. During 2022 and 2021, we did t recognize any material interest or penalties. 

Increase for tax positions related to the current year 

Increase for tax positions related to the prior years 

Decrease for tax positions related to prior years 

Balance, end of year 

Series 2 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Acquisition related contingent consideration (1) 

Warrants to purchase common stock 

Restricted stock units 

Convertible debt 

Total potentially dilutive securities 

(1) In connection with the acquisition of Feedonomics and B2B Ninja, we entered into contingent compensation arrangements for post-acquisition services. Additionally, our acquisition of Bundle included million of contingent considerati on. Of the million to be paid as of December 31, 2022, million can be settled in shares of common stock assuming a price of per share. As of December 31, 2021, of the million to be paid, million can be settled in shares of common stock assuming a price of per share. 

F- 25 

<EX-10>
 2
 bigc-ex10_25.htm
 EX-10.25

EX-10 

[BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. Letterhead] 

February 28, 2023 
 
 [Name] 
 [Address] 
 
 	Re:	 Accelerated Vesting Terms of Equity Awards 
 
 Dear [Name]: 
 
 As you know, BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. (the Company previously granted to you one or more options to purchase shares of Company common stock Options and/or restricted stock units covering Company common stock RSUs under the Company s Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Plan (as amended, the 2013 Plan or its 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan (collectively, the Outstanding Awards and may in the future grant you additional Options, RSUs and/or other equity awards covering Company common stock (together with the Outstanding Awards, the Equity Awards ). You are receiving this letter (this Letter because the Company has determined that your Equity Awards will be subject to accelerated vesting in certain circumstances as described in this Letter, subject to the terms and conditions set forth below. 
 
 1. Accelerated Vesting . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2013 Plan or the 2020 Plan or any other Company equity plan under which your Equity Awards have been or may be granted (together, the Plans ), the award agreements governing your Equity Awards (the Award Agreements ), or any employment or other agreement by and between you and the Company (the Employment Arrangements ), and subject to Section 2 below, your Equity Awards will be subject to the following accelerated vesting provision: 

a. If your employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause or your resign for Good Reason (each as defined below), in either case, within three (3) months prior to, or [eighteen (18)] [twelve (12)] months following, the consummation of a Change in Control (as defined below), then your then-outstanding and unvested Equity Awards shall vest in full and, as applicable, become exercisable on the later of (i) the date on which your employment terminates (the Termination Date or (ii) the date on which the Change in Control is consummated. For the avoidance of doubt, upon a termination of your employment by the Company without Cause or resignation for Good Reason prior to a Change in Control, any then-outstanding and unvested Equity Award(s) will remain outstanding and eligible to vest upon the occurrence of a Change in Control in accordance with the preceding sentence and will automatically terminate on the three (3)-month anniversary of your Termination Date (to the extent such Equity Award does not become vested in accordance with the preceding sentence on or prior to such three (3)-month anniversary) (or, if earlier, the expiration date that would apply to such Equity Awards had you remained employed with the Company). 

2. Release of Claims . The accelerated vesting and exercisability of your Equity Awards pursuant to Section 1(a) above shall be subject to and conditioned upon your timely execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims in the form prescribed by the Company (a Release that becomes effective and irrevocable within sixty (60) days following the Termination Date (or if the Company delivers a copy of such Release to you more than five days after the Termination Date, such time period will be extended to sixty (60) days plus the number of days beyond five days). In the event the Release does not become effective within the sixty (60) day period (as may be extended pursuant to the preceding sentence) following the Termination Date, you shall not be entitled to the accelerated vesting and exercisability of your Equity Awards under Section 1(a). 

|US-DOCS\136756530.7|| 
 
 3. Acknowledgement . In consideration of your eligibility to receive the accelerated vesting benefits set forth in Section 1(a) of this Letter, you hereby waive any accelerated vesting terms (if any) set forth in the Employment Arrangements (or any other agreement or arrangement between you and the Company, written or verbal) that would otherwise apply to your Equity Awards or any equity awards that may be granted to you by the Company following the date of this Letter (except as otherwise agreed to in writing by you and the Company following the date of this Letter). 

4. Amendment; No Other Modifications . Your Outstanding Awards and the Award Agreements are hereby amended to the extent necessary to reflect this Letter. Except as expressly set forth in this Letter, the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable Plans, the Award Agreements and the Employment Arrangements will continue to apply to your Equity Awards following the date hereof. 

5. Definitions . For purposes of this Letter, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

a. Cause shall mean Cause (or any term of similar effect) as defined in your Employment Arrangements or, if no such Employment Arrangements exist or such Employment Arrangements do not contain a definition of Cause (or term of similar effect), then Cause shall have the meaning set forth in the applicable Plan. 

b. Change in Control shall mean a Change in Control (or any term of similar effect) as defined in the applicable Plan. 

c.	 Good Reason shall mean Good Reason (or any term of similar effect) as defined in your Employment Arrangements. 
 
 6. No Right to Continued Employment . Nothing contained in this Letter will (i) confer upon you any right to continue in employment with the Company or its affiliates, (ii) constitute a contract or agreement of employment, or (iii) interfere in any way with the right of the Company and its affiliates to terminate your employment at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without Cause. 

7. Governing Law . The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Letter shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflicts of law principles. 

8. Entire Agreement . This Letter sets forth the final and entire agreement of the parties with respect to the accelerated vesting of your Equity Awards upon a termination of your employment by the Company without Cause or by you for Good Reason, and supersedes all prior agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or warranties, whether oral or written, between the Company and you, or any representative of the Company or you, with respect thereto. For clarity, this Letter does not supersede any existing rights that you may have, if any, to other payments and/or benefits (for example, cash severance or continued healthcare coverage) upon a termination of your employment with the Company. 

9. Miscellaneous . This Letter may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. No provisions of this Letter may be amended, modified, or waived unless agreed to in writing and signed by you and by a duly authorized officer of the Company. 

Please indicate your acknowledgement of, and agreement to, the terms and conditions set forth in this Letter by signing and dating the enclosed duplicate original of this Letter in the space provided below and returning the signed letter to me at [___________] no later than [______], 2023. Please retain one fully-executed original for your files. 

|US-DOCS\136756530.7|| 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 						BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. 
 
 						By: _______________________ 
 [Robert Alvarez / Jeff Mengoli] 
 [Chief Financial Officer / Chief Legal Officer] 

Acknowledged and Agreed. 

(Signature)				Date 
 Print Name: ___________________	 

|US-DOCS\136756530.7|| 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 3
 bigc-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. 

Entity Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

BigCommerce UK Ltd 
 
 England and Wales 

BigCommerce Software Ireland Ltd 
 
 Republic of Ireland 

BigCommerce, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

BigCommerce Singapore PTE LTD 
 
 Singapore 

BigCommerce Pty LTD 
 
 New South Wales (Australia) 

BigCommerce Ukraine LLC 
 
 Judiciary of Ukraine 

Feedonomics Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Quote Ninja, Inc (dba B2B Ninja) 
 
 Texas 

Bundle B2B Inc 
 
 Nevada 

BigCommerce Netherlands B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

BigCommerce France, SARL 
 
 France 

BigCommerce Italy S.R.L. 
 
 Italy 

BigCommerce Open Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

BigCommerce Poland Sp. z.o.o 
 
 Poland 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 bigc-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of BigCommerce Holdings, Inc.: 
 
 1) Form S-8 No. 333-242387 pertaining to the 2020 Employee Incentive Award Plan 

2) Form S-8 No. 333-256007 pertaining to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 

3) Form S-8 No. 333-258679 pertaining to the 2021 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan 

4) Form S-3 No. 333-262662 

of our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Austin, Texas 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 bigc-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Brent Bellm, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BigCommerce Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Brent Bellm 

Brent Bellm President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 bigc-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert Alvarez, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BigCommerce Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert Alvarez 

Robert Alvarez Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 bigc-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Brent Bellm 

Brent Bellm President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert Alvarez 

Robert Alvarez Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 bigc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 bigc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 bigc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 bigc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 bigc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

