<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_897077_0000897077-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13646421</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>226843</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2232231</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4906839</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3161001</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2855515</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000897077-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223163057
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000897077-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALAMO GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000897077
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FARM MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3523]
		IRS NUMBER:				741621248
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13854
		FILM NUMBER:		23660161

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1627 E WALNUT
		CITY:			SEGUIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78155
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8303791480

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 549
		STREET 2:		1627 EAST WALNUT
		CITY:			SEGUIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78155

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000897077-23-000009.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 alg-20221231.htm
 10-K

alg-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 Form ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE YEAR ENDED , 2022 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification Number) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act : Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirement for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and an "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock (which consists solely of shares of common stock) held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (based upon the last reported sale price of 116.43 per share) was approximately on such date. 

The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, par value .10 per share, outstanding as of February 17, 2023 was shares. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

ALAMO GROUP INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES 
 FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I Page Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 Item 2. Properties 
 27 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 30 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 36 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 36 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 36 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 37 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 37 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 37 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 37 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 38 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 38 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships, Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 38 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 39 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 39 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 39 
 Item 16. Summary 
 39 

2 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms the Company, we, our and us refer to Alamo Group Inc. and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 General 
 
 The Company is a leader in the design, manufacture and servicing of high quality vegetation management and infrastructure maintenance equipment for governmental, industrial and agricultural use. The Company s products include tractor mounted and self-propelled mowers, zero-turn mowers, agricultural implements, tree and branch chippers, forestry/wood recycling equipment, street and parking lot sweepers, leaf and debris collection equipment, pothole patchers, vacuum trucks, hydro-excavation equipment, telescopic boom excavators, and snow removal equipment . The Company emphasizes high quality, cost-effective products for its customers and strives to develop and market innovative products while constantly monitoring and controlling its manufacturing and overhead costs. The Company has a long-standing strategy of supplementing its internal growth through acquisitions of businesses or product lines that currently complement, command, or have the potential to achieve a meaningful share of their niche markets. 
 
 The Company has approximately 4,200 employees and manages a total of 28 plants with business operations in North America, South America, Europe, and Australia. The Company sells its products primarily through a network of independent dealers and distributors to governmental end-users and related independent contractors, as well as to other commercial customers. The primary markets for our products are North America, South America, Europe and Australia. 
 
 The predecessor corporation to Alamo Group Inc. was incorporated in the State of Texas in 1969, as a successor to a business that began selling mowing equipment in 1955, and Alamo Group Inc. was reincorporated in the State of Delaware in 1987. 
 
 History 
 
 Since its founding in 1969, the Company has focused on satisfying customer needs through geographic market expansion, product development and refinement, and selected acquisitions. The Company s first products were based on rotary cutting technology. Through acquisitions, the Company added flail cutting technology in 1983 and sickle-bar cutting technology in 1984. 
 
 The Company entered the agricultural mowing markets in 1986 with the acquisition of Rhino Products Inc. Rhino , a leading manufacturer in this field. With this acquisition, the Company embarked on a strategy to increase the Rhino dealer distribution network during a period of industry contraction. The addition of M W Gear Company M W in early 1995 allowed the Company to enter into the manufacturing and distribution of tillage equipment, which complements the Rhino distribution network. M W is part of the vegetation management marketing group. 
 
 In 1991, the Company began its international expansion with the acquisition of McConnel Ltd . McConnel , a United Kingdom U.K. manufacturer of vegetation maintenance equipment, principally hydraulic boom-mounted hedge and grass cutters and related parts. Bomford-Turner Ltd . Bomford , also a U.K. company, was acquired in 1993. Bomford is a manufacturer of heavy-duty, tractor-mounted grass and hedge mowing equipment. McConnel and Bomford sell their products to dealers and distributors through their respective sales forces. 
 
 The Company added to its presence in the industrial and governmental vegetation markets with the acquisition of Tiger Corporation Tiger in 1994. Tiger manufactures a wide variety of durable rotary and flail boom mowers, side mowers and rear mowing equipment, along with truck mounted boom mowers and a full line of specialty mowing equipment and attachments. 
 
 In 1994, the Company acquired Signalisation Moderne Autoroutiere S.A . SMA located in Orleans, France. SMA manufactures and sells principally a line of heavy-duty, tractor-mounted grass and hedge mowing-equipment and associated replacement parts primarily to departments of the French government. This acquisition, along with the acquisitions of Forges Gorce (" Forges Gorce "), a flail blade manufacturer in France, in 1996 and Rousseau Holdings S.A. Rousseau ), a leading French manufacturer of hedge and verge mowers, in 2004, when combined 
 3 

with McConnel and Bomford, has made the Company one of the largest manufacturers in the European market for the kind of vegetation management equipment sold by the Company. 
 
 In 1995, the Company expanded its business in the agricultural market with the acquisition of Herschel Corporation Herschel , a manufacturer and distributor of aftermarket farm equipment replacement and wear parts. 
 
 In 2000, the Company acquired Schwarze Industries, Inc . Schwarze . Schwarze is a manufacturer of a broad range of street sweeping equipment which is sold to governmental agencies and contractors. The Company believes the Schwarze sweeper products fit the Company s strategy of identifying product offerings with brand recognition in the industrial markets the Company serves. In 2004, the Company purchased the pothole patcher product line from Wildcat Manufacturing, Inc. This product line was merged into the Schwarze operation and is complementary to its current product offerings. 
 
 In 2000, the Company purchased the product line and associated assets of Twose of Tiverton Ltd. Twose a small regional manufacturer of power arm flail mowers and parts, as well as harrows and rollers, in the U.K. Twose consolidated its operations into the existing facilities at McConnel and Bomford and its brand name has been merged into the McConnel product line. 
 
 In 2000, the Company acquired Schulte Industries Ltd. and its related entities Schulte . Schulte is a Canadian manufacturer of mechanical rotary mowers, snow blowers, and rock removal equipment. Schulte strengthened the Company s Canadian presence in both marketing and manufacturing. It also expanded the Company s range of large, heavy-duty rotary mowers. 
 
 In 2002, the Company purchased inventory, fixed assets and certain other assets of Valu-Bilt Tractor Parts Valu-Bilt , a subsidiary of Quality Stores, Inc., located in Des Moines, Iowa. Valu-Bilt is a distributor of new, used and rebuilt tractor parts and other agricultural spare and wear parts sold directly to customers through its catalog and the internet and on a wholesale basis to dealers. Subsequent to the purchase, the operations of Valu-Bilt in Des Moines, Iowa, were consolidated into the Company s Herschel facility in Indianola, Iowa. 
 
 In 2005, the Company acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding stock of Spearhead Machinery Limited Spearhead and subsequently merged its manufacturing operations into Bomford s facility. Spearhead manufactures a range of tractor-mounted vegetation maintenance equipment, including reach mowers, flail mowers and rotary cutters. This acquisition extended our product lines and market coverage in Europe. 
 
 In 2006, the Company purchased substantially all of the assets of the Gradall excavator business Gradall from JLG Industries, Inc., including their manufacturing plant in New Philadelphia, Ohio. Gradall is a leading manufacturer of both wheeled and crawler telescopic excavators in North America. This acquisition enhanced our Industrial Equipment Division product offering sold to governmental and commercial buyers for digging/grading along roadways, maintenance along right-of-ways, and other applications. 
 
 In 2006, the Company purchased the vacuum truck and sweeper lines of Clean Earth Environmental Group, LLC and Clean Earth Kentucky, LLC (collectively referred to as VacAll . This included the product lines, inventory and certain other assets that relate to this business. The production of the vacuum truck and sweeper lines was moved to the Gradall facility in New Philadelphia, Ohio. 
 
 In 2006, the Company acquired 100 of the ownership interests in Nite-Hawk Sweepers LLC Nite-Hawk , a manufacturer of truck mounted sweeping equipment primarily for the contract sweeping market, which expanded our presence in that market and which complements our Schwarze sweeper line. 
 
 In 2007, the Company purchased Henke Manufacturing Corporation Henke , a manufacturer of specialty snow removal attachments. Henke s products are mounted on both heavy industrial equipment and medium to heavy-duty trucks. The primary end-users are governmental agencies, related contractors and other industrial users. In 2022, the Henke manufacturing operations were consolidated into our Wausau snow equipment facility in New Berlin, Wisconsin. 
 4 

In 2008, the Company acquired Rivard Developpement S.A.S. Rivard , a leading French manufacturer of vacuum trucks, high pressure cleaning systems and trenchers. The acquisition broadened the Company s product offering to our customers in Europe and other markets we serve. 
 
 In 2009, the Company acquired substantially all the assets of Bush Hog, LLC Bush Hog , a leading manufacturer of rotary cutters, finishing mowers, zero turn radius mowers, front-end loaders, backhoes, landscape equipment and a variety of other implements. This acquisition, combined with the Company s existing range of rotary mowers, established the Company as one of the largest manufacturers of rotary mowers in the world. 
 
 In 2011, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain specified liabilities of Tenco Group, Inc. "Tenco" and its subsidiaries. Tenco is a Canadian-based manufacturer of snow removal equipment including snow blades, blowers, dump bodies, spreaders and associated parts and service. Tenco has operations in Quebec as well as New York and Vermont. The equipment is sold primarily through dealers to governmental end-users as well as snow removal contractors. 
 
 In 2013, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain specified liabilities of Superior Equipment Australia Pty Ltd "Superior" ). Superior is a small Australian-based manufacturer of agricultural mowing equipment and other attachments, parts, and services. The equipment is sold through dealers primarily to agricultural end-users with some sold to governmental entities in Australia. The Superior operations have been consolidated with the Company's Fieldquip location. 
 
 In 2014, the Company acquired Kellands Agricultural Ltd. and its subsidiary Multidrive Tractors Ltd. "Kellands" ). Kellands is a U.K.-based manufacturer of self-propelled sprayers and a range of multi-purpose load-carrying tractor vehicles. This acquisition enhanced our manufacture and distribution of our agricultural machinery in Europe and allowed the Company to enter into the self-propelled sprayer market. The Kellands operations were consolidated into the Company's Salford Priors facility and its products are sold under the McConnel brand name. 
 
 In 2014, the Company acquired Fieldquip Australia Pty Ltd "Fieldquip" ), a manufacturer of rotary cutters as well as a distributor of various lifestyle products. This acquisition allowed the Company to broaden its presence in both the manufacturing and distribution of vegetation management machinery in Australia. 
 
 In 2014, the Company acquired all of the operating units of Specialized Industries LP. The purchase included the businesses of Super Products LLC "Super Products" ), Wausau-Everest LP (" Wausau " " Everest ") and Howard P. Fairfield LLC (" H.P. Fairfield ") as well as several related entities "Specialized" ), including all brand names and related product names and trademarks. The primary reason for the Specialized acquisition was to broaden the Company's existing equipment lines. This acquisition increased our product offering and enhanced our market position both in vacuum trucks and snow removal equipment primarily in North America. 
 
 In 2015, the Company acquired Herder Implementos e Maquinas Agricolas Ltda. "Herder" ). Herder is a manufacturer of flail mowers which are sold direct and through dealers to a wide variety of agricultural markets as well as the roadside maintenance market. This acquisition established a presence for the Company in Brazil, one of the largest agricultural markets in the world. The Herder manufacturing operations have been consolidated into our Santa Izabel facility. 
 
 In 2017, the Company acquired 100 of the outstanding shares of Santa Izabel Agro Industria Ltda. "Santa Izabel" ). Santa Izabel designs, manufactures and markets a variety of agricultural implements, sugar cane trailers and other vegetation management products sold throughout Brazil. This acquisition, along with our existing Herder operation in Brazil, augmented our product portfolio and improved our manufacturing capabilities in one of the world's largest agricultural markets. 
 
 In 2017, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain specified liabilities of Old Dominion Brush Company, Inc. "ODB" ). ODB manufactures leaf collection equipment as well as replacement brooms for street sweepers, both of which are sold to municipalities, contractors and commercial landscape markets in North America. ODB is based in Richmond, Virginia. This acquisition provided new and complementary products to our existing range of infrastructure maintenance equipment and parts. 
 
 In 2017, the Company acquired R.P.M. Tech Inc. (" RPM "), a manufacturer of heavy duty snow removal equipment and associated parts. RPM primarily sells to governmental agencies, related contractors, airports and 
 5 

other industrial users. This acquisition complemented our existing range of snow removal products with RPM's range of heavy duty snow removal equipment, including their line of mechanical snow blowers. In 2020, RPM's operations were consolidated into the Company's nearby Tenco facility and the former RPM facility in Drummondville was sold. 
 
 In 2019, the Company acquired 100 of the outstanding capital shares of Dutch Power B.V. ("Dutch Power") in the Netherlands. Dutch Power designs and manufactures a variety of landscape and vegetation management machines and attachments. This acquisition expanded our existing platform and increased our capabilities in the European market. Dutch Power changed its legal name to Alamo Group The Netherlands in 2021. 
 
 In 2019, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets of the Dixie Chopper ("Dixie Chopper" business. Dixie Chopper manufactures a wide range of commercial and high end residential Zero Turn ("ZT") mowers. This acquisition provided a new channel and increased the Company's exposure in the outdoor power equipment market. Dixie Chopper was consolidated into our Rhino business operations. 
 
 In 2019, the Company acquired 100 of the outstanding capital shares of Morbark, LLC (" Morbark" which included its subsidiaries Rayco Manufacturing LLC (" Rayco ") and Denis Cimaf Inc. (" Denis Cimaf "). Morbark is a leading manufacturer of equipment and aftermarket parts for forestry, tree care, biomass, land management and recycling markets. This acquisition expanded the Company's product line and complemented its range of vegetation maintenance equipment in an adjacent market. Morbark is based in Winn, Michigan with subsidiary locations in Wooster, Ohio and Roxton Falls, Quebec. At the end of 2020, the Denis Cimaf manufacturing operations based in Roxton Falls were consolidated into the Rayco facility in Wooster, Ohio. 
 
 In 2021, the Company acquired 100 of the outstanding capital shares of Timberwolf Limited "Timberwolf" in the U.K. Timberwolf is a leading manufacturer of a broad range of commercial wood chippers primarily serving markets in the U.K. and the European Union. This acquisition complemented the Company's existing range of tree care products and strengthened the Company's presence in the U.K. and European forestry and tree care markets. 
 
 Sales and Marketing Strategy 
 
 The Company believes that within the U.S. it is a leading supplier to governmental markets, a leading supplier in the U.S. agricultural market, and one of the largest suppliers in the European market for its key niche product offerings. The Company s products are sold through the Company s various marketing organizations and extensive worldwide dealer and distributor networks under the Gradall , VacAll , Super Products , Rivard , Alamo Industrial , Terrain King , Tiger , Herder , Conver , Roberine , Votex , Schwarze , NiteHawk , ODB , Henke , Tenco , Wausau , Everest , H.P. Fairfield , R.P.M. Tech , Morbark , Rayco ,Denis Cimaf , Boxer , Bush Hog , Rhino , RhinoAg , M W , Dixie Chopper , Herschel , Schulte , Fieldquip , Santa Izabel , McConnel , Bomford , Spearhead , Twose , SMA , Forges Gorce , Rousseau , Timberwolf , and Wolftrack trademarks (some with related designs) as well as other trademarks and trade names. 
 
 Products and Distribution Channels 
 
 At the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company began reporting operating results on the basis of two new segments, namely, the Vegetation Management Division and the Industrial Equipment Division. Prior to the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company had been reporting its operating results on the basis of two segments which were the Industrial Division and Agricultural Division. The Vegetation Management Division includes all of the operations of the former Agricultural Division plus the mowing and forestry/tree care operations that were previously part of the former Industrial Division, including the Company's recently acquired Morbark and Dutch Power business units. The Industrial Equipment Division includes the Company s vocational truck business and other industrial operations such as excavators, vacuum trucks, street sweepers, and snow removal equipment. We believe the realignment of our two divisions provides greater potential to capture synergies in cross-branding, distribution, product development, supply chain management and logistics. The two divisions are also more balanced in scale and scope giving the Company two strong platforms for ongoing development through a mix of organic growth and 
 acquisitions. 
 
 6 

Vegetation Management Division 
 
 Bush Hog and Rhino equipment is generally sold to farmers, ranchers and other end-users to clear brush, mow grass, maintain pastures and unused farmland, shred crops, till fields, and for haymaking and other applications. Bush Hog and Rhino equipment consists principally of a comprehensive line of tractor-powered equipment, including rotary mowers, finishing mowers, flail mowers, disc mowers, front-end loaders, backhoes, rotary tillers, posthole diggers, scraper blades and replacement parts. 
 
 Dixie Chopper produces a wide range of commercial and high end residential zero turn ("ZT") mowers. It sells its products through its independent dealers in the outdoor power equipment channel throughout the U.S. 
 
 Schulte equipment includes heavy-duty mechanical rotary mowers, snow blowers, rock removal equipment and related replacement parts. Schulte serves both the agricultural and governmental markets primarily in Canada and the U.S. It also sells some of the Company s other product lines in its markets and some of its products through independent distributors throughout the world. 
 
 McConnel equipment principally includes a broad line of hydraulic, boom-mounted hedge and grass cutters, remote control mowers as well as other tractor attachments and implements such as cultivators, subsoilers and other implements and related replacement parts. McConnel equipment is sold primarily in the U.K., Ireland, France and in other parts of Europe through independent dealers and distributors. McConnel also sells a range of self-propelled sprayers and a variety of multi-drive load-carrying vehicles. These products are sold through its existing dealer network as well as various marketing groups within the European region of the Vegetation Management Division. 
 Bomford equipment includes hydraulic boom-mounted hedge and hedgerow cutters, industrial grass mowers, agricultural seedbed preparation cultivators and related replacement parts. Bomford equipment is sold to governmental agencies, contractors and agricultural end-users in the U.K., Ireland, France and other parts of Europe, North America, Australia and Asia. Bomford s sales network is similar to that of McConnel in the U.K. 
 
 Spearhead manufactures a range of tractor-mounted vegetation maintenance equipment, including reach mowers, flail mowers and rotary cutters. These products are manufactured in the Company's Bomford facility. 
 Fieldquip broadens the Company's presence in Australia. The company sells a variety of vegetation maintenance equipment, specifically rotary mowers and tractor attachments. Fieldquip sells to customers ranging from large agricultural and commercial operators to small farm hobbyist and residential users, as well as agricultural dealers who serve owners and operators in the turf, golf, park and airport industries and growers with orchards, vineyards and plantations in Australia and the South Pacific. 
 Rousseau sells hydraulic and mechanical boom mowers, primarily in France, through its own sales force and its dealer distribution network mainly to agricultural and governmental markets. These products have also been introduced into other markets outside of France. These products are manufactured at our facility near Lyon, France. 
 
 SMA equipment includes hydraulic boom-mounted hedge and hedgerow cutters and related replacement parts. SMA s principal customers are French local authorities. SMA s product offerings include certain quick-attach boom mowers manufactured by the Company in the U.K. to expand its presence in agricultural dealerships. The Company consolidated its SMA operations located in Orleans, France, and production was relocated to its manufacturing facility near Lyon, France. 
 
 Forges Gorce manufactures cutting blades which are sold to some of the Company s subsidiaries as well as to other third party customers and distributors. 
 
 7 

Morbark manufactures a broad range of tree chippers, stump grinders, mulchers, brush cutters, flails and debarkers sold under the Morbark , Rayco , Denis Cimaf and Boxer brand names. Its products are sold to industrial and commercial contractors mainly through a network of independent dealers and distributors and, to a lesser extent, direct sales to end-users. 
 
 Timberwolf produces a variety of commercial tree care and forestry equipment and attachments under several brand names including Timberwolf and Wolftrack . Timberwolf sells its products primarily to commercial customers through a comprehensive network of dealers. 
 
 Alamo Industrial equipment is principally sold through independent dealers to governmental end-users, related independent contractors and utility and other dealers serving infrastructure maintenance operators and other applications in the U.S. and other countries. Governmental agencies and contractors that perform services for such agencies purchase primarily hydraulically-powered, tractor - and off-road chassis mounted mowers, including boom-mounted mowers, other types of cutters and replacement parts for heavy-duty, intensive use applications, including maintenance around highway, airport, recreational and other public areas. A portion of Alamo Industrial s sales includes tractors, which are not manufactured by Alamo Industrial. 
 
 Tiger equipment includes heavy duty, tractor- and truck-mounted mowing and vegetation maintenance equipment and replacement parts. Tiger sells to state, county and local governmental entities and related contractors, primarily through a network of independent dealers. Tiger s dealer distribution network is independent of Alamo Industrial s dealer distribution network. A portion of Tiger s sales includes tractors, which are not manufactured by Tiger. 
 
 Alamo Group The Netherlands produces a variety of landscape and vegetation maintenance equipment and attachments under several brand names including Herder , Conver , Roberine , and Votex . Alamo Group The Netherlands primarily sells to contractors who perform infrastructure maintenance for governmental agencies and private landowners. 
 
 Herder and Santa Izabel give the Company a presence in the Brazilian agricultural market. Herder manufactures and distributes flail and rotary mowers and various other agricultural equipment, direct and through dealers. Its products are used in a wide variety of agricultural and governmental markets. Santa Izabel designs, manufactures and markets a variety of agricultural implements, including sugar cane trailers sold throughout Brazil. 
 
 Herschel aftermarket replacement parts are sold for many types of farm equipment and tractors and certain types of mowing and construction equipment. Herschel products include a wide range of cutting parts, plain and hard-faced replacement tillage tools, disc blades and fertilizer application components. Herschel replacement tools and parts are sold throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico to five major customer groups: farm equipment dealers; fleet stores; wholesale distributors; OEMs; and construction equipment dealers. Valu-Bilt complements the Herschel product lines while also expanding the Company s offering of aftermarket agricultural parts and added catalog and internet sales direct to end-users. 
 
 Industrial Equipment Division 
 
 Gradall produces a range of excavators based on high-pressure hydraulic telescoping booms which are sold through dealers primarily to governmental agencies and, to a lesser extent, the mining industry, steel mills and other specialty applications in the U.S. and other countries. Many of these products are designed for excavation, grading, shaping and similar tasks involved in land clearing, road building, grading or maintenance. These products are available mounted on various types of undercarriages: wheels for full-speed highway travel, wheels for on/off road use, and crawlers. A portion of Gradall s sales includes truck chassis which are not manufactured by Gradall . 
 
 VacAll produces catch basin cleaners and roadway debris vacuum systems. These units are powerful and versatile with uses including, but not limited to, removal of wet and dry debris, spill elimination, and cleaning of sludge beds. VacAll also offers a line of sewer cleaners. Its products are primarily sold through dealers to industrial and commercial contractors as well as governmental agencies. A portion of VacAll s sales includes truck chassis which are not manufactured by the Company. 
 
 8 

Super Products produces truck-mounted vacuum machines, combination sewer cleaners and hydro excavators. Its products are sold to municipalities, utilities and contractors through a nationwide distributor network. Super Products also operates a network of rental stores that provides short and long-term rental contracts for its products. Rental customers are primarily contractors serving the petrochemical, petroleum production and refining industries. A portion of the sales of Super Products includes truck chassis which are not manufactured by the Company. 
 Rivard manufactures vacuum trucks, high pressure cleaning systems and trenchers. Rivard s equipment is sold primarily in France and certain other markets, mainly in Europe, the Middle East and North Africa, and to governmental entities and related contractors. This business also complements our product offerings in North America. The majority of Rivard's customers provide their own truck chassis. 
 
 Tenco and RPM both design and manufacture a heavy-duty line of snow removal equipment, including truck-mounted snow plows, snow blowers, dump bodies and spreaders. Their products are primarily sold through independent dealers. End-users are governmental agencies, contractors, airports and other industrial users. 
 
 Wausau designs and manufactures a comprehensive range of snow removal and ice control products. Products include snowplows, snow blowers, snow throwers, brooms, deicers, brine sprayers and other related accessories and parts. Wausau sells its products through its established dealer network to both governmental and non-governmental end-users and sells directly to airports and fixed-base operators. 
 Everest designs and manufactures a range of snow removal and ice control products including snowplows, wing systems, spreader bodies, and other related accessories and parts. Everest also manufactures custom-engineered underground construction forms for tunnels. 
 Henke designs and manufactures snow plows and heavy duty snow removal equipment, hitches and attachments for trucks, loaders and graders sold primarily through independent truck and industrial equipment dealers. Henke s primary end-users are governmental agencies, related contractors and other industrial users. 
 H.P. Fairfield is a full-service distributor of public works and runway maintenance products, parts and service, whose sales and service outlets are located in the northeastern part of the U.S. H.P. Fairfield s offerings include custom municipal snow and ice removal equipment, a range of salt spreaders and truck bodies, street sweepers, a line of industrial rotary, flail and boom mowers, solid waste and recycling equipment, water and sewer maintenance equipment, municipal tractors and attachments, and asphalt maintenance patchers, some of which are sourced from other Alamo Group companies. H.P. Fairfield also provides truck up-fitting services as part of its business. 
 Schwarze equipment includes truck-mounted air vacuum, mechanical broom, and regenerative air sweepers, pothole patchers and replacement parts. Schwarze sells its products primarily to governmental agencies and independent contractors, either directly or through its independent dealer network. A portion of Schwarze s sales includes truck chassis which are not manufactured by Schwarze . 
 
 ODB manufactures and sells leaf and debris collection equipment and replacement brooms for street sweepers, both of which are sold to municipalities, contractors and commercial landscape markets in North America. 
 
 Nite-Hawk manufactures parking lot sweepers with unique and innovative hydraulic designs. By eliminating the auxiliary engine, Nite-Hawk sweepers have proven to be fuel-efficient, environmentally conscious, and cost-effective to operate. Nite-Hawk focuses mainly on and sells direct to parking lot contractors. A portion of Nite-Hawk s sales includes truck chassis which are not manufactured by Nite-Hawk . 
 
 Replacement Parts 
 
 The Company derives a significant portion of its revenues from sales of replacement parts for each of its wholegoods lines. Replacement parts represented approximately 19 , 20 and 21 of the Company s total sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Replacement parts generally are more profitable and less cyclical than wholegoods. 
 
 9 

Product Development 
 
 The Company s ability to provide innovative responses to customer needs, to develop and manufacture new products, and to enhance existing product lines is important to its success. The Company continually conducts research and development activities in an effort to improve existing products and develop new products. As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed 267 people in its various engineering departments, 166 of whom are degreed engineers and the balance of whom are support staff. Amounts expended on research and development activities were approximately 14.3 million in 2022, 11.7 million in 2021 and 12.4 million in 2020. As a percentage of sales, research development was approximately 0.9 in 2022, 0.9 in 2021 and 1.1 in 2020, and is expected to continue at similar levels in 2023. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 The Company s unit sales are fairly constant quarter to quarter. However, replacement part sales are generally higher in the second and third quarters of the year, because a substantial number of the Company s products are used for maintenance activities such as vegetation maintenance, highway right-of-way maintenance, construction, and street and parking lot sweeping. Usage of this equipment is typically lower in harsh weather. The Company utilizes an annual twelve-month sales forecast provided by the Company s marketing departments which is updated quarterly in order to develop a production plan for its manufacturing facilities. In addition, many of the Company s marketing departments attempt to equalize demand for products throughout the calendar year by offering seasonal sales programs which may provide additional incentives, including discounts and extended payment terms. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The Company s products are sold in highly competitive markets throughout the world. The principal competitive factors are price, quality, availability, service and reputation. The Company competes with several large national and international companies that offer a broad range of equipment and replacement parts, as well as with numerous small, privately-held manufacturers and suppliers of a limited number of products, mainly on a regional basis. Some of the Company s competitors are significantly larger than the Company and have substantially greater financial and other resources at their disposal. The Company believes that it is able to compete successfully in its markets by effectively managing its manufacturing costs, offering high quality products, developing and designing innovative products and, to some extent, avoiding direct competition with significantly larger potential competitors. There can be no assurance that the Company s competitors will not substantially increase the resources devoted to the development and marketing of products competitive with the Company s products or that new competitors with greater resources will not enter the Company s markets. 
 
 Unfilled Orders 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unfilled customer orders of 1.0 billion compared to 800.8 million at December 31, 2021. Management expects that substantially all of the Company s unfilled orders as of December 31, 2022 will be shipped during fiscal year 2023. The amount of unfilled orders at a particular time is affected by a number of factors, including manufacturing and shipping schedules which, in most instances, are dependent on the Company s seasonal sales programs and the requirements of its customers. It is possible that the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including supply chain disruptions, labor constraints and other new and/or unanticipated effects, could cause delays in delivery or an inability to complete unfilled customer orders. The Company s orders are subject to cancellation at any time before shipment; therefore, a comparison of unfilled orders from period to period is not necessarily meaningful and may not be indicative of future actual shipments. No single customer or group of customers is responsible for 10 or more of the aggregate revenue of the Company or of a segment of the Company. 
 
 Sources of Supply 
 
 The principal raw materials used by the Company include steel, other metal components, hydraulic hoses, paint and tires. During 2022, the raw materials needed by the Company were available from a variety of sources in adequate quantities and at prevailing market prices, but in 2022 we experienced significant price inflation for many of the raw materials we purchase. We expect pricing to remain elevated in 2023 but anticipate a slowing of the rate of inflation. 
 
 10 

While the Company manufactures many of the parts for its products, a significant percentage of parts, including most drivelines, gearboxes, industrial engines, and hydraulic components, are purchased from outside suppliers which manufacture to the Company s specifications. In addition, the Company, through its subsidiaries, purchases tractors and truck chassis as a number of the Company s products are mounted and shipped with a tractor or truck chassis. Tractors and truck chassis are generally available, but during 2022 we experienced significant delays in receiving truck chassis which caused us to delay shipments of some of our products and created operational inefficiencies in some of our facilities, particularly within our Industrial Equipment Division. The Company sources its purchased goods from international and domestic suppliers. No one supplier is responsible for supplying more than 10 of the principal raw materials or purchased goods used by the Company. 
 
 Patents, Trademarks and Trade Names 
 
 The Company owns various U.S. and international patents, trademarks and trade names. While the Company considers its patents, trademarks and trade names to be advantageous to its business, it is not dependent on any single patent, trademark, trade name or group of patents, trademarks, or trade names. The net book value of patents, trademarks and trade names was 78.9 million and 84.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Environmental and Other Governmental Regulations 
 
 Like other manufacturers, the Company is subject to a broad range of federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules and regulations including those relating to climate change; emissions to air, including Tier 4 or similar engine emission regulations; discharges to water; restrictions placed on water usage and water availability; product and associated packaging; use of certain chemicals; restricted substances, including "conflict minerals" disclosure rules; import and export compliance, including country of origin certification requirements; worker and product user health and safety; energy efficiency; product life-cycles; outdoor noise laws; and the generation, use, handling, labeling, collection, management, storage, transportation, treatment, and disposal of hazardous substances, wastes, and other regulated materials. 
 
 The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA"), the California Air Resources Board ("CARB"), and similar regulators in other U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions in which we sell our products have emission requirements setting maximum emission standards for certain equipment. In addition to the the EPA's implementation of Tier 4 emission requirements applicable to diesel engines, China, the European Union ("EU") and the United Kingdom also have adopted similar regulations, and similar emission regulations are also being considered in other markets in which we sell our products. CARB continues to propose and discuss implementation of zero emissions equipment regulations that will likely create increasingly stringent requirements on exhaust and other emissions from some of the products we manufacture. 
 
 The U.S. federal government, several U.S. states, and certain international markets where we sell our products, including the EU and some EU member countries have introduced product life-cycle laws, rules, or regulations, which are intended to reduce waste and environmental and human health impact, and require manufacturers to label, collect, dispose, and recycle certain products, including some of our products, at the end of their useful life. These include, among other laws and regulations: (i) the Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals directive or similar substance level laws, rules, or regulations that require notification of use of certain chemicals, or ban or restrict the use of certain chemicals; (ii) California Proposition 65 and other product substance restriction laws, some of which require certain labeling of products; (iii) energy efficiency laws, rules, or regulations, which are intended to reduce the use and inefficiencies associated with energy and natural resource consumption and require specified efficiency ratings and capabilities for certain products; (iv) conflict minerals laws, such as those contained in the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), which require specific procedures for the determination and disclosure of the use of certain minerals, known as "conflict minerals," which are mined from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries; and (v) supply chain transparency laws and regulations addressing modern slavery and human trafficking. 
 
 The Company is also subject to various other federal, state, and local laws affecting its business, as well as a variety of regulations relating to such matters as working conditions, equal employment opportunities, and product safety, including National Highway Traffic Safety Administration reporting. In addition, a variety of laws regulate the Company s contractual relationships with its dealers, some of which impose restrictive standards on the relationship 
 11 

between the Company and its dealers, including events of default, grounds for termination, non-renewal of dealer contracts, and equipment repurchase requirements. 
 
 We believe we have maintained compliance with existing laws, rules and regulations applicable to our business and will continue to do so. W believe there will be some additional costs to our business as a result of the increasing level of regulation applicable to our business activities, and there can be no assurance that the Company will not incur material costs or other liabilities as a result thereof. 
 
 Human Capital Resources and Management 
 
 We recognize that the success of our Company is dependent upon the talents and dedication of our people, and we are committed to investing in their success. Our Vice-President of Corporate Human Resources is responsible for developing and executing our human resources strategy together with our President and Chief Executive Officer and the other members of the Company's management team. Our Chief Executive Officer and Vice-President of Human Resources regularly update our Board of Directors regarding the status of our human resources initiatives. Among the key elements of our human resources strategy are the following: 
 
 Focus on Health and Safety : Employee health and safety is of paramount importance to us. We believe it is our responsibility to maintain a safe and healthy workplace in each of our locations and to make continuous improvements in this area. We do this by embedding safety into every level of the organization as one of our core values. Our approach is proactive and preventative. Regular safety meetings are held at our plants on an ongoing basis. Every location offers frequent safety training programs to all employees and leverages safety committees who conduct safety audits to identify and remove potential issues. We ensure that safety performance is tracked, aggregated, and reviewed timely and reported to management for appropriate action. Our corporate technical affairs and safety team collects data on recordable injury rates, severe injury rates, and near misses from each Alamo Group operating company, and conducts root cause analysis with corrective action plans to prevent future occurrences. This data is reviewed monthly by the executive leadership team and shared with the Company's Board of Directors on a quarterly basis. With the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented, and continue to adhere to, certain rigorous and meaningful safety measures recommended by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, World Health Organization, and federal, state, local, and foreign authorities that we determined were in the best interest of our employees, customers, and suppliers. This led to the adoption of various measures including COVID-19 case tracking and quarantining where and when necessary, mandating face coverings when required by local rules and regulations (except where hazardous), regular sanitization, reconfiguration of workstations to allow for appropriate distancing, expanding the use of internal video meetings and installation of related technology, minimizing travel, and implementing remote work assignments, amongst other actions. These measures continue to be in place where and when necessary. 
 
 Employee Engagement and Talent Development : We focus on attracting, developing, and retaining a team of highly talented and motivated employees. Our key talent philosophy is to develop internal candidates from within our Company, so they are ready now when career opportunities arise, and when we recruit externally to select candidates with future stretch potential. We provide all employees a wide range of professional development experiences, both formal and informal, at all stages in their careers. Our formal offerings include tuition reimbursement, a diverse curriculum of learning programs, leadership development experiences, vocational and trade skills training, and external partnerships with educational institutions and trade schools across the globe. The Company's focus on supervisor and manager development and a culture of promoting a diverse, inclusive, and respectful workplace supports our ability to attract, engage, retain, and motivate industry-leading talent to meet our customer s needs and sustain the Company s growth. Formal welder training, apprenticeships, and local partnerships with vocational training programs, junior colleges, and high schools ensure that our operating companies continue to attract and grow their critical manufacturing skills. The Company s emphasis on our core competencies, including Leading People and Leading Change, continues to favorably impact our succession planning and employee retention with below industry average annual turnover rates. In January of 2022, we implemented The Alamo Group Learning Development Academy, a new talent development program which focuses on building and strengthening the leadership capabilities of our management teams and also offers technical skills training for our production floor employees. Many programs are available on-demand to manufacturing supervisors, which offers development opportunities to those with direct oversight of the people building our products. Training is easily accessible both to employees who work on-site as well as those who work in remote and hybrid environments. Virtual, in-person and on-campus programs are offered to encourage cross-location and cross-functional networking and sharing of ideas that foster and support our culture of continuous improvement. 
 
 12 

Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion : We recognize, value, and respect the individual differences of our employees and believe that a diverse set of backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives is crucial to our ability to continue to innovate, collaborate, and meet the needs of our global workforce and customers. Accordingly, we are committed to encouraging and fostering an inclusive culture where diversity and individual differences are accepted, respected, and valued so that employees feel empowered to contribute fully to the Company's ongoing success. To support diversity and inclusion in the workplace, we dedicate people and resources to promote an inclusive environment through policies and training. We also market our career opportunities to a wide network of organizations and job boards that can help us source diverse candidate pools. We actively volunteer and engage in local community projects and contribute donations to charitable organizations. We build strategies and implement tactics that will attract and maintain a diverse workforce, positively impacting the communities and markets in which our employees live and work. Initiatives include but are not limited to increased diversity and inclusion training that increases awareness and reinforces respect in the workplace, as well as building partnerships with organizations like Women in Manufacturing and The National Diversity Council. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits : We conduct regular assessments of our pay and benefit practices to help ensure that our people are compensated fairly and competitively. We also devote significant resources to management and employee training and development, including tuition assistance for career-enhancing academic and professional programs. In addition to salaries, our compensation programs, which vary by country and region, can include annual bonus and incentive plans, profit sharing, stock-based compensation awards, company-sponsored retirement savings plans with employee matching opportunities (or similar local retirement benefits), healthcare and insurance benefits, dependent care and flexible savings accounts, paid time off such as vacation and holidays, sick pay, disability pay and family leave, flexible work schedules, wellness and employee assistance programs for mental health, self-improvement, legal and financial services, service anniversary awards, tuition assistance and dependent college scholarships, and discounts on products and services. 
 
 Labor Agreements: As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 4,200 employees. In the U.S. the Company has a collective bargaining agreement at its Gradall plant which covers 185 employees and will expire on April 14, 2024. In Canada the Tenco bargaining agreement covers 99 employees and expires on December 31, 2025; RPM has an agreement covering 4 employees which expires on February 1, 2025; and Everest has a collective bargaining agreement covering 66 employees which will expire on November 30, 2023. In the Company s European locations, all employees are covered by the European Works Council agreements. McConnel, Bomford, Spearhead, AMS-UK, SMA, Faucheux, Forges Gorce, Rousseau, Rivard, and Alamo Group The Netherlands have various collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 784 employees. The Company considers its employee relations to be satisfactory. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 The Company files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC maintains a website that contains annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements, and other information that issuers (including the Company) file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s website is www.sec.gov. 
 
 The Company s website is www.alamo-group.com. The Company makes available free of charge through its website, via a link to the SEC s website at www.sec.gov, its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The Company also makes available through its website, via a link to the SEC s website, statements of beneficial ownership of the Company s equity securities filed by its directors, officers, 10 or greater shareholders, and others required to file under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 The Company also makes available free of charge on its website its most recent annual report on Form 10-K, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the current fiscal year, its most recent proxy statement and its most recent annual report to stockholders, although in some cases these documents are not available on our site as soon as they are available on the SEC s site. You will need to have on your computer the Adobe Acrobat Reader software to view the documents, which are in PDF format. In addition, the Company posts on its website its Charters for its Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, as well as its Corporate Governance Policies and its Code of Conduct and Ethics for its directors, officers and employees. You can obtain a written copy of these documents, excluding exhibits, at no cost, by sending your request to the Corporate Secretary, Alamo Group Inc., 1627 E. Walnut Street, Seguin, Texas 78155, which is the principal 
 13 

corporate office of the Company. The telephone number is 830-379-1480. The information on the Company s website is not incorporated by reference into this report. 
 
 Forward-Looking Information 
 
 Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II of this Annual Report contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In addition, forward-looking statements may be made in other documents filed or furnished with the SEC, or by management orally or in press releases, conferences, reports or otherwise to analysts, investors, representatives of the media and others, in the future by or on behalf of the Company. Generally, forward-looking statements are not based on historical facts but instead represent the Company's and its management's beliefs regarding future events. 
 
 Statements that are not historical are forward-looking. When used by us or on our behalf, the words "expect," will, estimate, believe, intend, "would," could, "predict," should, anticipate, "continue," project, forecast, plan, may and similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. These uncertainties include factors that affect all businesses operating in a global market, as well as matters specific to the Company and the markets we serve. Certain particular risks and uncertainties that continually face us include the following: 
 
 budget constraints and revenue shortfalls which could affect the purchases of our type of equipment by governmental customers and related contractors in both domestic and international markets; 
 market acceptance of new and existing products; 
 our ability to hire suitable employees for our business and maintain good relations with employees; 
 our ability to develop and manufacture new and existing products profitably; 
 the inability of our suppliers, creditors, public utility providers and financial and other service organizations to deliver or provide their products or services to us; 
 legal actions and litigation; 
 impairment in the carrying value of goodwill; 
 our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions and operate acquired businesses or assets; 
 current and changing tax laws in the U.S. and internationally; 
 our ability to hire and retain quality skilled employees; and 
 changes in the prices of agricultural commodities, which could affect our customers income 
 levels. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to risks and uncertainties facing the industry in general, including the following: 
 
 changes in business and political conditions and the economy in general in both domestic and international markets; 
 negative impacts on our business and financial results including from operational and supply chain disruptions, input cost inflation, labor shortages, and other negative effects resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic or other causes; 
 the price and availability of energy and critical raw materials, particularly steel and steel products; 
 increased competition; 
 increases in input costs on items we use in the manufacturing of our products; 
 adverse weather conditions such as droughts, floods, snowstorms, etc., which can affect the buying patterns of our customers and end-users; 
 increased costs of complying with governmental regulations which affect corporations including related fines and penalties (such as the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act); 
 an increase in unfunded pension plan liability due to financial market deterioration; 
 the potential effects on the buying habits of our customers due to animal disease outbreaks and other epidemics; 
 adverse market conditions and credit constraints which could affect our customers and end-users, such as cutbacks on dealer stocking levels; 
 changes in market demand; 
 14 

climate related incidents and other sustainability risks, global pandemics, acts of war or aggression (including the war between Russia and Ukraine) and terrorist activities or military actions; 
 cyber security risks including the potential loss of proprietary data or data security breaches and related fines, penalties and other liabilities; 
 financial market changes including changes in interest rates and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; 
 abnormal seasonal factors in our industry; 
 changes in domestic and foreign governmental policies and laws, including increased levels of government regulation and changes in agricultural policies, including the amount of farm subsidies and farm payments as well as changes in trade policy that may have an adverse impact on our business; 
 government actions, including but not limited to budget levels, change in tax laws, regulations and legislation, relating to the environment, commerce, infrastructure spending, health and safety; and 
 risk of governmental defaults and resulting impact on the global economy and particularly financial institutions. 
 
 We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and to recognize that the statements are not predictions of actual future results. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements and from historical results, due to the risks and uncertainties described above and under Risk Factors, as well as others not now anticipated. The foregoing statements are not exclusive and further information concerning us and our businesses, including factors that could potentially materially affect our financial results, may emerge from time to time. It is not possible for management to predict all risk factors or to assess the impact of such risk factors on the Company s businesses. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company speak only to the date they are made and we do not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the forward-looking statements were made. 
 
 Information About our Executive Officers 
 
 Certain information is set forth below concerning the executive officers of the Company (the "Executives"), each of whom has been appointed to serve until the 2023 annual meeting of directors or until their successor is duly appointed and qualified. Name Age Position Jeffery A. Leonard 63 President and Chief Executive Officer Richard J. Wehrle 66 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Edward T. Rizzuti 53 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Dan E. Malone 62 Executive Vice President, Chief Sustainability Officer Richard H. Raborn 57 Executive Vice President, Alamo Vegetation Management Division Michael A. Haberman 64 Executive Vice President, Alamo Industrial Equipment Division Janet S. Pollock 64 Vice President, Human Resources Lori L. Sullivan 53 Vice President, Internal Audit 
 
 Jeffery A. Leonard was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in May of 2021. Mr. Leonard was also appointed as a director of the Company in June of 2021. Mr. Leonard joined the Company in 2011, and served as Executive Vice President of the Company's former Industrial Division from 2011 to 2021. Mr. Leonard previously was Senior Vice President of Metso Minerals Industries Inc., a supplier of technology and services for mining, construction, power generation, automation, recycling, and pulp and paper industries. 
 
 15 

Richard J. Wehrle was appointed Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company in July of 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Wehrle served as Vice President, Controller and Treasurer of the Company from May 2001 to July 2021. He assumed Treasury responsibilities in May of 2018. Previously, Mr. Wehrle served in various accounting management capacities within the Company from 1988 to 2001. 
 
 Edward T. Rizzuti was appointed Vice President, General Counsel of Alamo Group Inc. in July of 2015, assumed the Secretary role in May of 2018 and was promoted to Executive Vice-President in November of 2021. Prior to joining the Company, from 2010 to 2015, Mr. Rizzuti served as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary for Erickson Incorporated, a publicly traded aircraft manufacturing and operating company based in Portland, Oregon. 
 
 Dan E. Malone was appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Sustainability Officer in July of 2021. Mr. Malone joined the Company in 2007 and served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer from 2007 to 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Malone held the position of Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Corporate Secretary at Igloo Products Corporation, a manufacturer of insulated consumer goods, from 2002 to January 2007. Mr. Malone was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The York Group, Inc. from 2000 to 2002, and held various financial positions from 1987 to 2000 with Cooper Industries, Inc. and its various subsidiaries. 
 
 Richard H. Raborn was appointed Executive Vice President the Company's Vegetation Management Division in July of 2021. Mr. Raborn joined the Company in 2015 and served as Executive Vice-President of the Company's former Agricultural Division from 2015 to 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Raborn was Vice President and General Manager of the Powertrain Metal Division for Illinois Tool Works (ITW) from 2009 to 2015. ITW is one of the world's leading diversified manufacturers of specialized industrial equipment, consumables and related service business. 
 
 Michael A. Haberman was appointed Executive Vice-President of the Company's Industrial Equipment Division in July of 2021. Prior to his role as Executive Vice-President, Mr. Haberman served as the Company's Excavation/Vacuum Truck group Vice-President from January 2020 to July 2021. Previously, Mr. Haberman served as President of the Company's Gradall Industries company from February of 2006 until January of 2020. 
 
 Janet S. Pollock was appointed Vice President, Human Resources of Alamo Group Inc. in May of 2018. Ms. Pollock joined Alamo Group in June of 2013 as Vice President of Human Resources for U.S. Operations. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Pollock was Vice President of Human Resources with CPS Energy in San Antonio, Texas and Vice President of Strategic Initiatives for Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 Lori L. Sullivan was appointed Vice President, Internal Audit of Alamo Group Inc. in May of 2019. Prior to this appointment, Ms. Sullivan was Vice President of Internal Audit for U.S. Operations and Director of Internal Audit for Alamo Group Inc. Ms. Sullivan has held audit positions within various industries including research and development, public utilities, and public accounting prior to joining Alamo Group in July of 2011. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 You should carefully consider each of the risks described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making an investment decision with respect to the Company s securities. If any of the following risks develop into actual events, the Company s business, financial condition or results from operations could be materially and adversely affected and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 Risks related to our business 
 
 A downturn in general economic conditions and outlook in the United States and around the world could adversely affect our net sales and earnings. 
 
 The strength and profitability of our business depends on the overall demand for our products and upon economic conditions and outlook, including but not limited to economic growth rates, consumer spending levels, financing availability, pricing and terms for our dealers and end-users, employment rates, interest rates, inflation, consumer confidence and general economic and political conditions and expectations in the United States and the 
 16 

other economies in which we conduct business. Slow or negative growth rates, inflationary/deflationary pressures, higher commodity costs and energy prices, reduced credit availability or unfavorable credit terms for our dealers and end-user customers, increased unemployment rates, and recessionary economic conditions and outlook could cause consumers to reduce spending, which may cause them to delay or forgo purchases of our products and could have an adverse effect on our net sales and earnings. 
 
 Deterioration of industry conditions could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our business depends to a large extent upon the prospects for the infrastructure maintenance, vegetation management and agricultural markets in general. Future prospects of the industry depend largely on factors outside of our control. Any of those factors could adversely impact demand for our products, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. These factors include the following: 
 
 weakness in the worldwide economy; 
 the price and availability of raw materials, purchased components and energy; 
 budget constraints and revenue shortfalls for our governmental customers; 
 changes in domestic and foreign governmental policies and laws, including increased levels of governmental regulation and associated liabilities; 
 the levels of interest rates; 
 the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the foreign currencies in countries where we sell our products but don t have a manufacturing presence; 
 impact of tighter credit markets on the Company, its dealers and end-users; 
 impairment in the carrying value of goodwill; and 
 increase in unfunded pension plan liability due to financial market deterioration. 
 
 In addition, our business is susceptible to a number of factors that specifically affect agricultural customer spending patterns, including the following: 
 
 animal disease outbreaks, epidemics and crop pests; 
 weather conditions, such as droughts, floods and snowstorms; 
 changes in farm incomes; 
 cattle and agricultural commodity prices; 
 changes in governmental agricultural policies worldwide; 
 the level of worldwide farm output and demand for farm products; and 
 limits on agricultural imports/exports. 
 
 Our dependence on, and the price and availability of, raw materials as well as purchased components may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We purchase commodities, components, parts, accessories and other goods, such as steel, truck chassis, engines, transmissions, hydraulics, electrification components, and other items necessary for the manufacture of our end-products. The lack of availability or the increased cost of these purchased materials and components due to supply chain disruptions, inflation, increased tariffs, and/or other uncontrollable events have negatively affected our business operations and profitability and may continue to do so in the future. Historically, we have mitigated commodity, component, parts, and other input cost increases, in part, by increasing prices on our products and executing on our strategic productivity initiatives. However, we may not be able to fully offset increased input costs in the future. If our price increases are not accepted by our customers and the market or we are not able to realize anticipated manufacturing efficiencies, our net sales, profit margins, earnings, and market share could be adversely affected. Further, if we are unavailable to timely source items such as truck chassis, engines, hydraulics and other critical components our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic may continue to materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic caused a significant downturn in our markets and subsequently caused significant market volatility and operational challenges, among other things. The extent and duration of ongoing impacts stemming from the pandemic will depend on numerous factors, including: 
 
 17 

global governmental, business and individual actions taken in response to COVID-19; 
 the effect on our suppliers and companies throughout our supply chain to meet supply commitments, requirements, and/or demands and our ability to continue to obtain commodities, components, parts, and accessories on a timely basis and at anticipated costs; 
 the effect on our dealers, distributors, and other channel partners and customers, including reduced or constrained budgets and cash preservation efforts; 
 our ability to fulfill existing and future sales order backlog; 
 potential effects the pandemic may have on our available labor force; 
 increasing logistics costs and transportation challenges; 
 
 While our markets appear to have recovered from the more direct negative impacts of the pandemic, the longer term effects of the pandemic, including supply chain disruptions, purchased component shortages, and inflationary pressures are unknown and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial results. 
 
 Skilled labor shortages or our inability to retain qualified employees could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Our ability to maintain our productivity at competitive levels may be limited by our ability to employ, compensate, train and retain personnel necessary to meet our requirements. We may experience shortages of qualified personnel such as engineers, project managers, supervisors, and select skilled trades. We cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain an adequate skilled or unskilled labor force or key technical personnel necessary to operate efficiently and to support our growth strategy and operations. Shortages of skilled labor, such as welders and machine operators, are ongoing and could negatively affect our production capabilities, lead to production inefficiencies, or increase our cost of operating. Labor shortages or increased labor costs could impair our ability to operate our business, meet customer commitments or grow our revenues, and could materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial results. 
 
 We depend on governmental sales, and a decrease in such sales could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from sales to federal, state, provincial and local governmental entities and related contractors, both in the U.S. and in other countries in which we sell our products. These sales depend primarily on the levels of budgeted and appropriated expenditures for highway, airport, roadside and parks maintenance by various governmental entities and are affected by changes in local and national economic conditions. Federal, state, provincial and local government budgets have been and will likely continue to be negatively affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and this could have a material negative impact on our business and financial condition. 
 
 Significant changes in trade policy and related trade wars could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 
 The U.S. has made significant changes in its trade policy and has taken certain actions that have adversely impacted U.S. trade and relationships with China and other trading partners, including imposing tariffs on certain goods imported into the U.S. Any continued actions or further changes in U.S. trade policy could trigger additional retaliatory actions by affected countries, resulting in "trade wars." Trade wars may lead to reduced economic activity, increased costs, reduced demand and changes in purchasing behaviors for some or all of our products, or other potentially adverse economic outcomes. These or other consequences from any trade wars could have a material adverse impact on our sales volumes, prices and our consolidated financial results. 
 
 18 

Impairment in the carrying value of goodwill could negatively impact our consolidated results of operations and net worth. 
 
 The Company has conducted for the last three years an analysis for estimating the fair value of the Company's business enterprise. We have utilized the discounted cash flow income approach and market approach for which we chose to heavily weigh more on the discounted cash flow approach. This analysis requires the Company to make significant assumptions and estimates about the extent and timing of future cash flows, discount rates and growth rates. The cash flows are estimated over a significant future period of time, which makes those estimates and assumptions subject to an even higher degree of uncertainty. The Company also utilizes market valuation models and other financial ratios, which require the Company to make certain assumptions and estimates regarding the applicability of those models to its assets and businesses. As of December 31, 2022, goodwill was 195.9 million, which represents 15 of total assets. 
 
 The Company recognized no goodwill impairment in 2022, 2021 or 2020. During the 2022 impairment analysis review, we performed a sensitivity analysis for goodwill impairment with respect to each of our reporting units and determined that a hypothetical 15 decline in the fair value of each reporting unit as of October 1, 2022 would not result in an impairment of goodwill for any of the reporting units. If we were to have a significant goodwill impairment caused by a greater than 15 decline in fair value, it could impact our results of operations as well as our net worth. 
 
 We are significantly dependent on information technology and our business may suffer from disruptions associated with information technology, cyber-attacks or other catastrophic losses affecting our IT infrastructure. 
 
 We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit, and store electronic and financial information, to manage a variety of business processes and activities, including our accounting and financial functions, and to comply with regulatory, legal, and tax requirements. We also depend on our information technology infrastructure for digital marketing activities and for electronic communications among our locations, personnel, customers, and suppliers. These information technology systems (some of which are provided and maintained by third parties) may be susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to hardware failures, computer viruses, hacker attacks, telecommunication failures, user errors, catastrophic events or other factors. In addition, a number of our salaried employees are working remotely at various times. This remote working environment may pose a heightened risk for security breaches or other disruptions of our information technology systems. If our information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown, and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we could experience business disruptions, a loss of critical company records, transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, and the loss of customers and sales, causing our product sales, financial condition, and operating results to be adversely affected and the reporting of our financial results to be delayed. 
 
 In addition, in the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including our intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners, and personally identifiable information or other sensitive information of our customers and employees. The secure use, processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Despite the information security measures we have taken, our information technology and infrastructure may be subjected to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee malfeasance, employee errors, or other disruptions. Cybersecurity threats and sophisticated computer crime pose a potential risk to the security of the Company s information technology systems, networks, and services, as well as the confidentiality and integrity of the Company s data and intellectual property. Cyber-attacks, unauthorized access or security breaches, and other cyber incidents could include, among other things, computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, ransomware, social engineering attacks (including phishing and impersonation), hacking, denial-of-service attacks, and other similar attacks. These threats are constantly evolving, which increases the difficulty of defending against them or implementing adequate preventive measures. Sensitive information is also stored by our vendors and on the platforms and networks of third-party providers. Cyber-attacks on the Company, our vendors, or our third-party providers could result in inappropriate access to our intellectual property, Company data, or personally identifiable information of our global workforce, suppliers, or customers. Potential consequences of a successful cyber-attack or other cybersecurity breach or incident include remediation costs, legal costs, increased cybersecurity protection costs, lost revenues resulting from the unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract customers following an attack, litigation and legal risks including governmental or regulatory enforcement actions, 
 19 

increased insurance premiums, reputational damage that adversely affects customer or investor confidence, and damage to the Company s competitiveness, stock price, and long-term shareholder value. 
 
 While we have taken steps to address these risks by implementing enhanced security technologies, internal controls, and business continuity plans, these measures may not be adequate. We cannot assure that the steps we have taken will be sufficient to protect our systems, information or other property. Our systems and information may be vulnerable to theft, loss, damage and interruption from a number of potential threats and events. 
 
 Changes in the regulatory environment regarding privacy and data protection regulations could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 
 Federal, state, provincial and local governments have been moving to adopt privacy rules and regulations that may impact us in the future. In 2018, the EU adopted a comprehensive overhaul of its data protection regime in the form of the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR which imposes a strict data protection compliance regime with severe penalties of 4 of worldwide turnover or 20.0 million, whichever is greater, and includes new rights such as the right of erasure of personal data. Although the GDPR applies across the EU, as has been the case under the current data protection regime, EU Member States have some national derogations and local data protection authorities DPAs will still have the ability to interpret the GDPR, which has the potential to create inconsistencies on a country-by-country basis. In addition, certain U.S. states have enacted privacy and data protection laws. For example, the State of California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") which became effective in 2020. Implementation of, and compliance with, the GDPR, CCPA and other similar laws could increase our cost of doing business and/or force us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. In addition, violations of the GDPR, CCPA and other laws may result in significant fines, penalties and damage to our brand and business which could, individually or in the aggregate, materially harm our business and reputation. Privacy legislation, enforcement and policy activity in this area continues to rapidly expand. Compliance costs and costs related with implementing privacy-related and data protection measures could be significant. Further, noncompliance could expose us to significant monetary penalties, damage to our reputation, and even possible criminal sanctions. Even our inadvertent failure to comply with privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry, and some of our competitors and potential competitors have greater resources than we do. 
 
 Our products are sold in highly competitive markets throughout the world. We compete with several large national and international companies that offer a broad range of equipment and replacement parts that compete with our products, as well as with numerous small, privately-held manufacturers and suppliers of a limited number of products mainly on a regional basis. Some of our competitors are significantly larger than we are and have substantially greater financial and other resources at their disposal. We believe that we are able to compete successfully in our markets by, to some extent, avoiding direct competition with significantly larger potential competitors. There can be no assurance that our competitors will not substantially increase the resources devoted to the development and marketing of products competitive with our products or that new competitors with greater resources will not enter our markets. Any failure to effectively compete could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Failure to develop new products or keep pace with technological developments may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations . 
 
 Our industry is affected by future technological developments. The introduction of new products or processes with innovative technologies could render our existing products or processes obsolete or unmarketable. Our success depends, to some extent, upon our ability to develop, market and sell cost-effective new products and applications that keep pace with technological developments in the markets we serve. We may not be successful in identifying, developing and marketing new products and applications or we may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction and marketing of such new products and applications, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 
 20 

We operate and source internationally, which exposes us to the political, economic and other risks of doing business abroad. 
 
 We have operations in a number of countries outside of the United States and we source raw materials and components globally. Our international operations are subject to the risks normally associated with conducting business in foreign countries, including but not limited to the following: 
 
 limitations on ownership and on repatriation of earnings; 
 import and export restrictions, tariffs and quotas; 
 potentially adverse effects including negative economic conditions resulting from war or the threat of war, including the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia; 
 additional expenses relating to the difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations; 
 labor disputes and uncertain political and economic environments and the impact of foreign business cycles; 
 changes in laws or policies; 
 changes in any international trade agreements, such as any changes in European Union membership; 
 delays in obtaining or the inability to obtain necessary governmental permits; 
 potentially adverse consequences resulting from the applicability of foreign tax laws; 
 cultural differences; 
 increased expenses due to inflation; 
 weak economic conditions in foreign markets where our subsidiaries distribute their products; 
 changes in currency exchange rates; 
 disruptions in transportation and port authorities; and 
 regulations involving international freight shipments. 
 
 Operating in the international marketplace exposes us to a number of risks, including the need to comply with U.S. and foreign laws and regulations applicable to our foreign operations, including anti-corruption laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, United States export control laws, and data privacy laws such as the European GDPR. The costs of compliance with these various laws, regulations and policies can be significant and penalties for noncompliance could significantly and adversely impact our business. Our international operations may also be adversely affected by laws and policies affecting foreign trade, investment, taxation, and our ability to effectively source components and raw materials internationally. For example, any significant changes in U.S. trade policy, including the introduction of any new or expanded tariffs, could increase the cost of critical materials and supplies that we source internationally or negatively impact international sales of our products, which would have an adverse effect on our net sales and earnings. 
 
 In addition, political developments and governmental regulations and policies in the countries in which we operate directly affect the demand for our products. For example, decreases or delays in farm subsidies to our agricultural customers, or changes in environmental policies aimed at limiting mowing activities, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our acquisition strategy may not be successful, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We intend to grow internally and through the acquisition of businesses and assets that will complement our current businesses. To date, a material portion of our growth has come through acquisitions. We cannot be certain that we will be able to identify attractive acquisition targets, obtain financing for acquisitions on satisfactory terms or successfully acquire identified targets. Competition for acquisition opportunities may also increase our costs of making acquisitions or prevent us from making certain acquisitions. These and other acquisition-related factors may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may not be able to realize the potential or strategic benefits of the acquisitions we complete, and the businesses we have acquired, or may acquire in the future, may not perform as expected. 
 
 Acquisitions are an important part of our growth strategy and we have completed a number of acquisitions over the past several years. In 2019, we completed three acquisitions, namely Dutch Power, Dixie Chopper, and Morbark, and in 2021 we acquired Timberwolf. Acquisitions can be difficult, time-consuming, and pose a number of risks, including: 
 21 

potential negative impact on our earnings per share as a result of acquisition costs and related financing costs, among other things; 
 the assumption of liabilities that are unknown to us at the time of closing; 
 failure of acquired products to achieve projected sales; 
 potential downward pressure on operating margins due to lower operating margins of acquired businesses, increased headcount costs and other expenses associated with adding and supporting new products; 
 disruption of ongoing business operations, including diversion of management s attention and uncertainty for employees and customers, particularly during the post-acquisition integration process; and 
 potential negative impact on our relationships with customers, distributors and vendors. 
 
 If we do not manage these risks, the acquisitions that we complete may have an adverse effect on our business, our results of operations or financial condition. In addition, we may not be successful in integrating acquired businesses into our existing operations and achieving projected synergies. We could face many risks in integrating acquired businesses, including but not limited to the following: 
 
 we may incur substantial costs, delays or other operational or financial challenges in integrating acquired businesses, including integrating each company's accounting, information technology, human resource and other administrative systems to facilitate effective management; 
 we may be unable to achieve expected cost reductions, to take advantage of cross-selling opportunities, or to eliminate redundant operations, facilities and systems; 
 We may encounter problems in integrating the acquired products with our existing and/or new products; 
 we may need to implement or improve controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a public company which could take a significant amount of time and expense; 
 acquisitions may divert our management s attention from the operation of our existing businesses; 
 we may not be able to retain key personnel of acquired businesses; 
 there may be cultural challenges associated with integrating management and employees from the acquired businesses into our organization; and 
 we may encounter unanticipated events, circumstances and legal risk and associated liabilities. 
 
 Our integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts from the management of each entity, including coordinating existing business plans and research and development efforts. Integrating operations may distract management s attention from the day-to-day operation of the combined companies. Ultimately, our attempts to integrate the operations, technology and personnel of acquired businesses may not be successful. If we are unable to successfully integrate acquired businesses, our future results may be negatively impacted. 
 
 The agricultural industry and the infrastructure maintenance industry are seasonal, and seasonal fluctuations may cause our results of operations and working capital to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. 
 
 In general, agricultural and governmental end-users typically purchase new equipment during the first and second calendar quarters. Other products such as street sweepers, excavators, snow removal equipment, front-end loaders and pothole patchers have different seasonal patterns, as do replacement parts in general. In attempting to achieve efficient utilization of manpower and facilities throughout the year, we estimate seasonal demand months in advance and manufacturing capacity is scheduled in anticipation of such demand. We utilize an annual plan with updated quarterly sales forecasts provided by our marketing divisions and order backlog in order to develop a production plan for our manufacturing facilities. In addition, many of our marketing departments attempt to equalize demand for their products throughout the calendar year by offering seasonal sales programs which may provide additional incentives, including discounts and extended payment terms, on equipment that is ordered during off-season periods. Because we spread our production and wholesale shipments throughout the year to take into account the factors described above, sales in any given period may not reflect the timing of dealer orders and retail demand. 
 
 Weather conditions and general economic conditions may affect the timing of purchases and actual industry conditions might differ from our forecasts. In addition to seasonal factors, the agricultural industry is cyclical in nature with sales largely dependent on the state of the farm economy and, in particular, agriculture commodity 
 22 

prices and farm income. Consequently, sudden or significant declines in industry demand could adversely affect our working capital or results of operations. 
 
 Extreme weather conditions may impact demand for some of our products and impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Extreme weather conditions such as droughts or flooding may adversely affect sales of some of our products including our mowing equipment and other agricultural equipment and related parts. Milder winter conditions with lower snowfall accumulations can have an adverse impact on sales of our snow removal equipment and related parts business in the key markets we serve. In the event unfavorable weather conditions are worsened as a result of global climate change, our business may be adversely affected to a more significant extent. 
 
 Our business and operations are subject to risks related to climate change. 
 
 The long-term effects of global climate change present both physical risks (such as weather catastrophes) and transition risks (such as regulatory changes), which are expected to be widespread and unpredictable. Unusual weather conditions, including drought and flood conditions may affect the purchasing decisions of some of our customers, particularly customers of our agriculture products which could lead to lower sales volumes of those products. In addition, changes in climate could affect the availability and cost of products, commodities and energy, which may impact our ability to procure goods or services required for the operation of our business at the quantities and levels we require. Our facilities may also be directly impacted by significant weather events brought on by climate change, and we face the risk of losses incurred as a result of physical damage to our facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory and business interruption caused by such events. New legal and regulatory requirements have been, and may continue to be, implemented to address the concern over climate change in an effort to reduce or mitigate the effects of it, and such regulatory requirements dealing with the environmental aspects of our operations and the products we manufacture could result in significant expenditures in upgrading our facilities and/or designing and manufacturing new forms of equipment that satisfy such requirements. We cannot currently predict the specific terms of any new climate change legislation or regulation, but any such new legislation or regulation may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 
 If we do not retain key personnel and attract and retain other highly skilled employees, our business may suffer. 
 
 Our continued success will depend on, among other things, the efforts and skills of our executive officers, including our president and chief executive officer, and our ability to attract and retain additional highly qualified managerial, technical, manufacturing, and sales and marketing personnel. We do not maintain key man life insurance for any of our employees, and all of our senior management are employed at will. We cannot assure you that we will be able to attract and hire suitable replacements for any of our key employees. We believe the loss of a key executive officer or other key employee could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Increasingly stringent engine emission regulations could impact our ability to sell certain of our products into the market and appropriately price certain of our products, which could negatively affect our competitive position and financial results. 
 
 The products we manufacture or sell, particularly engines, are subject to increasingly stringent environmental emission regulations. For instance, the EPA has adopted increasingly stringent engine emission regulations, including Tier 4 emission requirements applicable to diesel engines in specified horsepower ranges that are used in some of our products. Requirements have expanded to additional horsepower categories and, accordingly, apply to more of the products we sell. Our ability to meet the Tier 4 requirements is subject to many variables, some of which are beyond our direct control. If we fail to meet the Tier 4 requirements and any other EPA emission standards that are currently in place or that may be introduced in the future, our ability to sell our products into the market may be limited, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position and financial results. 
 
 We are subject to environmental, health and safety and employment laws and regulations and related compliance expenditures and liabilities. 
 
 Like other manufacturers, the Company is subject to a broad range of federal, state, local and foreign laws and requirements, including those concerning air emissions, discharges into waterways, and the generation, handling, 
 23 

storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of hazardous substances and waste materials, as well as the remediation of contamination associated with releases of hazardous substances at the Company s facilities and offsite disposal locations, workplace safety and equal employment opportunities. These laws and regulations are constantly changing, and it is impossible to predict with accuracy the effect that changes to such laws and regulations may have on the Company in the future. Like other industrial concerns, the Company s manufacturing operations entail the risk of noncompliance, and there can be no assurance that the Company will not incur material costs or other liabilities as a result thereof. 
 
 Changes in environmental laws or new laws relating to the emission of greenhouse gases ("GHG") or the emission of other gases may cause us to make additional investment in new product designs or could increase our environmental compliance expenditures. The regulation of GHG emissions could result in other additional costs to the Company in the form of tax or emissions allowances, facility improvement costs, and higher input costs. Increased input costs and other costs associated with GHG emissions regulation and related compliance may also negatively impact customer demand. Because the timing and extent of GHG emission regulations or climate change regulations are unknown at this time, we are unable to predict the impact this may have on our overall business. 
 
 The Company is subject to various other federal, state, and local laws affecting its business, as well as a variety of regulations relating to such matters as working conditions, equal employment opportunities, and product safety. A variety of state laws regulate the Company s contractual relationships with its dealers, some of which impose restrictive standards on the relationship between the Company and its dealers, including events of default, grounds for termination, non-renewal of dealer contracts, and equipment repurchase requirements. 
 
 We are subject on an ongoing basis to the risk of product liability claims and other litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Like other manufacturers, we are subject to various claims, including product liability claims, arising in the ordinary course of business, and we are a party to various legal proceedings that constitute routine litigation incidental to our business. We may be exposed to product liability claims in the event that the use of our products results, or is alleged to result, in bodily injury, property damage, or both. We cannot assure you that we will not experience any material product liability losses in the future or that we will not incur significant costs to defend the Company against such claims. We cannot assure you that our product liability insurance coverage will be adequate for any liabilities that may ultimately be incurred or that it will continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. A successful claim brought against us in excess of available insurance coverage or a requirement to participate in a product recall may have a materially adverse effect on our business. 
 
 If we are unable to comply with the terms of our credit arrangements, especially the financial covenants, our credit arrangements could be terminated. 
 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with all of the terms of our credit arrangements, especially the financial covenants. Our ability to comply with such terms depends on the success of our business and our operating results. Various risks, uncertainties, and events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with the terms of our credit arrangements. If we were out of compliance with any covenant required by our credit arrangements following any applicable cure periods, the banks could terminate their commitments unless we could negotiate a covenant waiver. The banks could condition such waiver on amendments to the terms of our credit arrangements that may be unfavorable to us, including a potential increase to the interest rate we currently pay on outstanding debt under our credit arrangements, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 Our earnings are affected by fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar as compared to foreign currencies, predominantly in European countries, Canada and Australia, as a result of the sale of our products in international markets. While we do enter into foreign exchange contracts to protect against such fluctuations to an extent (primarily in the U.K. market), we cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively manage these risks. 
 24 

Significant long-term fluctuations in relative currency values, such as a devaluation of the Euro against the U.S. dollar, could have an adverse effect on our future results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Risks related to investing in our common stock 
 
 Because the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, it may be difficult for you to resell our common stock when desired or at attractive prices. 
 
 The trading price of our common stock has and may continue to fluctuate. The closing prices of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange during 2022 ranged from 109.83 to 159.75 per share, and during 2021 from 136.01 to 164.81 per share. Our stock price may fluctuate in response to the risk factors set forth herein and to a number of events and factors, such as quarterly variations in operating and financial results, litigation, changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts, the operating and stock performance of other companies that investors may deem comparable to us, news reports relating to us or trends in our industry or general economic conditions. The stock price volatility and trading volume may make it difficult for you to resell your shares of our common stock when desired or at attractive prices. 
 
 You may experience dilution of your ownership interests due to the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock. 
 
 We may issue shares of our previously authorized and unissued securities, which will result in the dilution of the ownership interests of our present stockholders. We are currently authorized to issue 20,000,000 shares of common stock. On December 31, 2022, 11,968,197 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding, and there were outstanding options and restricted stock awards totaling an additional 183,277 shares of our common stock. We also have additional shares available for grant under our 2015 Incentive Stock Option Plan and our 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. Additional stock option or other compensation plans or amendments to existing plans for employees and directors may be adopted. Issuance of these shares of common stock may dilute the ownership interests of our then existing stockholders. We may also issue additional shares of our common stock in connection with the hiring of personnel, future acquisitions, such as the 1,700,000 shares issued as consideration for the acquisition of Bush Hog in 2009, future private placements of our securities for capital raising purposes, or for other business purposes. This would further dilute the interests of our existing stockholders. 
 
 There is no assurance that we will continue declaring dividends or have the available cash to make dividend payments. 
 
 On January 3, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company increased its quarterly dividend from 0.18 per share to 0.22 per share. Although we have paid a cash dividend in each quarter since becoming a public company in 1993, there can be no assurance that we will continue to declare dividends or that funds will continue to be available for this purpose in the future. The declaration and payment of dividends are restricted by the terms of our credit facility, are subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors, are not cumulative, and will depend upon our profitability, financial condition, capital needs, future prospects, and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 
 
 Provisions of our corporate documents may have anti-takeover effects that could prevent a change in control. 
 
 Provisions of our charter, bylaws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions include prohibiting stockholders from calling stockholder meetings and prohibiting stockholder actions by written consent. Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws state that any amendment to certain provisions, including those provisions regarding limitations on action by written consent discussed above, be approved by the holders of at least two-thirds of our common stock. We are also afforded the protections of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which would prevent us from engaging in a business combination with a person who becomes a 15 or greater stockholder for a period of three years from the date such person acquired such status unless certain board or stockholder approvals were obtained. 
 
 25 

Future sales, or the possibility of future sales, of a substantial amount of our common stock may depress the price of the shares of our common stock. 
 
 Future sales, or the availability for sale in the public market, of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through future sales of equity securities. If we or our existing stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or if there is a perception that these sales may occur, the market price of our common stock could decline. 
 
 Certain stockholders own a significant amount of our common stock, and their interests may conflict with those of our other stockholders. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, six investors - BlackRock, Inc., Henry Crown and Company, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP, T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., Victory Capital Management Inc., and The Vanguard Group - beneficially owned approximately 50 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, the major stockholders combined could be able to significantly influence the direction of the Company, the election of our Board of Directors, and the outcome of any other matter requiring stockholder approval, including mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, and together with other beneficially owned investors, to prevent or cause a change in control of the Company. Also, pursuant to contractual obligations, affiliates of Henry Crown and Company were entitled to certain rights with respect to the registration of the common stock owned by them under the Securities Act. Pursuant to such registration rights, on March 12, 2012, we filed a registration statement related to the common stock owned by such entities and such registration statement was declared effective by the SEC. The interests of the major stockholders may conflict with the interests of our other stockholders. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 The Company has no unresolved staff comments to report pursuant to Item 1B. 
 
 26 

Item 2. Properties 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company utilized twenty-eight principal manufacturing plants with sixteen located in the United States, eight in Europe, three in Canada, and one in Brazil. The facilities are listed below: Facility 
 Square 
 Footage 
 Principal Types of Products 
 Manufactured And Assembled 
 Winn, Michigan 1,100,000 Owned Tree chippers, Grinders, Brush Cutters, and Debarkers for Morbark 
 Selma, Alabama 769,000 Owned Mechanical Rotary Mowers, Finishing Mowers, Backhoes, Front-End Loaders for Bush Hog 
 New Philadelphia, Ohio 430,000 Owned Telescopic Excavators for Gradall and Vacuum Trucks for VacAll 
 Wooster, Ohio 400,000 Leased Stump Cutters, Aerial Trimmers, Mulchers, Crawler Trucks for Rayco and Denis Cimaf 
 Gibson City, Illinois 275,000 Owned Mechanical Mowers, Zero Turn Radius Mowers, Blades, Deep Tillage Equipment, and other implements for Rhino , Bush Hog and OEMs 
 Seguin, Texas 230,000 Owned Hydraulic and Mechanical Rotary and Flail Mowers, Sickle-Bar Mowers, and Boom-Mounted Equipment for Alamo Industrial 
 Indianola, Iowa 200,000 Owned Distribution and Manufacturing of Aftermarket Farm Equipment Replacement and Wear Parts for Herschel/Valu-Bilt 
 Richmond, Virginia 197,000 Leased Leaf Collection Equipment and Street Sweeper Replacement Brooms for ODB 
 Neuville, France 195,000 Owned Hydraulic and Mechanical Boom-Mounted Hedge and Grass Cutters for Rousseau and SMA 
 Mukwonago, Wisconsin 171,000 Owned Truck-Mounted Vacuum Trucks for Super Products 
 Ludlow, England 160,000 Owned Hydraulic Boom-Mounted Hedge and Grass Cutters and other Equipment for McConnel and Twose 
 Salford Priors, England 157,000 Owned Tractor-Mounted Power Arm Flails and other Equipment for Bomford and Twose and Spearhead 
 Sao Joao da Boa Vista, Brazil 138,000 Owned Mowing Equipment, Sugar Cane Trailers and other equipment for Santa Izabel 
 Huntsville, Alabama 135,000 Owned Air and Mechanical Street Sweeping Equipment for Schwarze 
 New Berlin, Wisconsin 120,000 Owned Municipal Snow Removal and Ice Control Equipment for Wausau 
 Middelburg, the Netherlands 110,000 Owned Boom Mowers, Flail Mowers and Stump Grinders for Dutch Power 
 Englefeld, Saskatchewan, Canada 105,000 Owned Mechanical Rotary Mowers, Snow Blowers, and Rock Removal Equipment for Schulte 
 St. Valerien, Quebec, Canada 100,000 Owned Snow and Ice Removal Equipment for Tenco 
 Daumeray, France 100,000 Owned Vacuum Trucks, High Pressure Cleaning Systems and Trenchers for Rivard 
 Leavenworth, Kansas 72,000 Owned Snow Plows and Heavy-Duty Snow Removal Equipment for Henke 
 Giessen, the Netherlands 70,000 Owned Aquatic Harvesting Boats and Remote Control Mowing Equipment for Alamo Group The Netherlands 
 Sioux Falls, South Dakota 66,000 Owned Hydraulic and Mechanical Mowing Equipment for Tiger 
 Hopkinton, New Hampshire 55,000 Owned Distributor of Public Works and Runway Maintenance Products for H.P. Fairfield 
 Skowhegan, Maine 47,000 Owned Distributor of Public Works and Runway Maintenance Products for H.P. Fairfield 
 Kent, Washington 43,000 Owned Truck-Mounted Sweeping Equipment for the contractor market branded NiteHawk 
 Ayer's Cliff, Quebec, Canada 41,000 Owned Municipal Snow Removal and Ice Control Equipment for Everest 
 Suffolk, England 35,000 Leased Commercial wood chippers and other forestry equipment for Timberwolf 
 Peschadoires, France 22,000 Owned Replacement Parts for Blades, Knives and Shackles for Forges Gorce 
 Oakey, Australia 18,000 Leased Agriculture Mowing Equipment and other Attachments for Fieldquip 
 Matao, Brazil 12,000 Owned 
 Agriculture Mowing Equipment and other Attachments for Herder 
 Installation Rental Facilities, Warehouses Sales 585,000 Leased / Owned Services Parts Distribution, Installation Facilities and Sales and After Market Office Offices, Seguin, Texas 21,000 Owned Corporate Office Total 6,179,000 80 
 Principal manufacturing plants 
 27 

Approximately 80 of the manufacturing, warehouse and office space is owned. The Company considers each of these facilities to be well maintained, in good operating condition and adequate for its present level of operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is subject to various legal actions which have arisen in the ordinary course of its business. The most prevalent of such actions relate to product liability, which is generally covered by insurance after various self-insured retention amounts. While amounts claimed might be substantial and the ultimate liability with respect to such litigation cannot be determined at this time, the Company believes that the ultimate outcome of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations; however, the ultimate resolution cannot be determined at this time. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The Company s common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol: ALG. On February 17, 2023, there were 11,971,477 shares of common stock outstanding, held by approximately 78 holders of record, but the total number of beneficial owners of the Company s common stock exceeds this number. On February 17, 2023, the closing price of the common stock on the New York Stock Exchange was 163.16 per share. 
 
 On January 3, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company declared a quarterly dividend of 0.22 per share which was paid on February 1, 2023 to holders of record as of January 18, 2023. The Company expects to continue its policy of paying regular cash dividends, although there is no assurance as to future dividends as they depend on future earnings, capital requirements and financial condition. In addition, the payment of dividends is subject to restrictions under the Company s bank revolving credit agreement. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10 - K for a further description of the bank revolving credit agreement. 
 
 Information relating to compensation plans under which equity securities of the Company are authorized for issuance is set forth in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 28 

Stock Price Performance Graph 
 
 The information contained in this Stock Performance Graph section shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or filed with the SEC or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent that Alamo Group Inc. specifically incorporates it by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 
 The following graph and table set forth the cumulative total return to the Company's stockholders of our Common Stock during a five-year period ended December 31, 2022, as well as the performance of an overall stock market index (the S P SmallCap 600 Index). 
 
 In addition, the Company has changed its peer group index and has selected the S P Industrials Index as its published industry or line-of-business index, replacing the Russell 2000 Index used in prior years, as the Company believes the S P industrials Index represents a more appropriate peer group. The cumulative return of the Russell 2000 Index is presented in the graph below as required by Item 201(e)(4) of Regulation S-K. 

100 invested on 12/31/17 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. 
 Fiscal year ending December 31. Copyright 2023 Standard Poor's, a division of S P Global. All rights reserved. 
 Copyright 2023 Russell Investment Group. All rights reserved. 
 
 12/17 12/18 12/19 12/20 12/21 12/22 Alamo Group Inc. 100.00 68.81 112.28 123.97 132.76 128.40 S P SmallCap 600 
 100.00 91.52 112.37 125.05 158.59 133.06 Russell 2000 
 100.00 88.99 111.70 134.00 153.85 122.41 S P Industrials 100.00 86.71 112.17 124.59 150.89 142.63 

29 

Purchase of Equity Securities 
 
 The Company has suspended its share repurchase program but the program may be reinstated in the future. 

Item 6. Reserved 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Executive Summary and Outlook 
 
 This re port contains forward-looking statements that are based on Alamo Group s current expectations. Actual results in future periods may differ materially from those expressed or implied because of a number of risks and uncertainties which are discussed below and in the Forward-Looking Information section beginning on page 14. 
 
 We experienced strong demand for our products in 2022 which led to record net sales for the full year. Our markets continue to exhibit strength and we currently see do not anticipate a significant reduction in customer demand, at least in the near term. However, many of the same adverse operating conditions that we experienced in 2022 including, among other things, supply chain disruptions, input cost inflation, and labor shortages continue to present challenges to our business. Supply chain and labor issues have led to disruptions in our manufacturing facilities which constrain our operating efficiencies and negatively impact our overall profitability. These challenges are also partially responsible for our record high backlog levels, as we have struggled to fully complete and ship products in a timely manner. While our supply chain appears to be gradually improving, we expect that some or all of these adverse operating conditions will persist for at least a portion of 2023. 
 
 2022 Performance 
 
 In 2022, the Company's net sales increased by 13 and net income increased by 27 compared to 2021. The increase in both net sales and net income was primarily due to a strong demand for our products. Margins improved due to the increase in demand along with pricing actions we began in 2021 which helped mitigate inflation cost pressures. However, our results were constrained by higher input costs, ongoing supply chain disruptions, and skilled labor shortages. 
 
 The Company's Vegetation Management Division experienced a 15 increase in net sales for the full year of 2022 compared to the full year of 2021. The increase in net sales was primarily due to continued strong customer demand for our products and positive pricing actions. The division's income from operations for 2022 was up 37 versus the full year of 2021, due to improved sales and positive pricing actions but offset by higher input costs and operational inefficiencies due to supply chain disruptions and labor constraints. 
 
 The Company's Industrial Equipment Division net sales were up 11 for the full year of 2022 compared to the full year of 2021. The division's net sales were strong in the excavator and vacuum truck product lines and were also supported by moderate sales increases in our street sweeper, debris collector and snow removal equipment lines. Negatively impacting this division were higher input costs and supply chain disruptions including, most significantly, a shortage of truck chassis. These adverse conditions had a negative impact on the division's income from operations, which for the full year of 2022 was up only 5 compared to the full year of 2021. 
 
 Consolidated income from operations was 148.6 million for the full year of 2022 compared to 116.9 million in 2021, an increase of 27 . The Company's backlog increased 26 to 1.0 billion at the end of 2022 versus the backlog of 800.8 million at the end of 2021. The increase in the Company's backlog was primarily attributable to continued strong customer demand for our products in both of the Company's divisions as outlined above. 
 
 Inflationary Impacts 
 
 In 2022, the cost of commodities, components, parts, and accessories was significantly higher compared to the cost of those items purchased in 2021, mainly as a result of ongoing upward inflationary pressure. In 2023, we anticipate that the average cost of commodities, components, parts, and accessories will be slightly higher than the average costs experienced during 2022 but the rate of inflation appears to be moderating. Any material worsening of the current inflationary environment could lead to higher input costs which is likely to have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 
 30 

Impact of the War in Ukraine 
 
 In 2022, we discontinued sales into the Russian and Belarusian markets as a response to the war in Ukraine. Our sales in those markets represented an insignificant share of our overall international business and, accordingly, this decision did not have a material impact on our 2022 results nor do we expect it to have a material impact on our future financial results. The war has disrupted parts of our supply chain and has created additional inflationary pressure on some of the items we purchase for our end-products, but we do not believe these effects are material to our business. However, any significant change in or escalation of the war in Ukraine could result in unanticipated effects which may adversely impact our business. 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the Company and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, certain financial data: Fiscal Year Ended December 31, Net sales (data in thousands): 2022 2021 2020 Vegetation Management 937,065 812,676 654,630 Industrial Equipment 576,551 521,547 508,836 Total net sales 1,513,616 1,334,223 1,163,466 Cost and profit margins, as percentages of net sales: Cost of sales 75.1 74.9 74.8 Gross profit 24.9 25.1 25.2 Selling, general, administrative, and amortization expenses 15.1 16.3 17.1 Income from operations 9.8 8.8 8.1 Income before income taxes 8.9 8.2 6.9 Net income 6.7 6.0 5.0 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Fiscal 2022 compared to Fiscal 2021 
 
 The Company s net sales in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 2022 were 1,513.6 million, an increase of 179.4 million or 13.4 compared to 1,334.2 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 2021 ). The increase in sales was attributable to continued strong customer demand for our products in both the Vegetation Management and Industrial Equipment Divisions and improved pricing. Negatively impacting net sales were higher costs for materials and inbound freight, supply chain disruptions and a shortage of skilled labor. Also, currency translation negatively affected sales as the U.S. dollar strengthened against the currencies of international countries where we operate. 
 
 Net Vegetation Management sales were 937.1 million in 2022 compared to 812.7 million in 2021, an increase of 124.4 million or 15.3 , coming from a strong performance in all product lines, particularly forestry and tree care and agricultural and governmental mowing equipment in both North America and Europe. Supply chain disruptions, labor constraints and unfavorable input cost changes constrained this Division during 2022. Currency translation effects also negatively impacted net sales in this division. 
 
 Net Industrial Equipment sales were 576.6 million in 2022 compared to 521.5 million in 2021, representing an increase of 55.1 million or 10.5 . The increase was mainly due to continued solid results in our excavator and vacuum truck product lines with modest support from other product lines. This division was also negatively impacted by ongoing supply chain disruptions and logistics issues in 2022, including delays in receiving truck chassis and component parts from supply chain partners. 
 
 31 

Gross profit for 2022 was 376.5 million (24.9 of net sales) compared to 334.5 million (25.1 of net sales) in 2021, an increase of 42.0 million. The increase in gross profit was mainly attributable to higher sales volume during 2022 compared to 2021 as well as improved pricing. Profitability was negatively impacted by supply chain disruptions, shortages of component parts, along with higher costs of materials and inbound freight. These factors led to lower profitability as a percentage of sales in 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses SG A were 212.6 million (14.0 of net sales) in 2022 compared to 202.9 million (15.2 of net sales) in 2021, an increase of 9.7 million. The increase in SG A expenses in 2022 was attributable to higher administrative, marketing and engineering expenses as the Company returned to pre-pandemic expense levels. Amortization expense in 2022 was 15.3 million compared to 14.6 million in 2021, an increase of 0.7 million. 
 
 Interest expense for 2022 was 14.4 million compared to 10.5 million in 2021, an increase of 3.9 million or 36.3 . The increase in interest expense in 2022 primarily came from higher interest rates and increased borrowing levels. Borrowing levels rose in 2022 primarily because of the need for the Company to increase its inventory levels to accommodate stronger market demand and to mitigate supply chain challenges. We anticipate borrowing levels will continue to be pressured by higher inventory requirements unless and until the supply chain situation improves. 
 
 Other income (expense), net was expense of 0.7 million during 2022 compared to income of 1.9 million in 2021. The expense in 2022 was primarily the result of an excise tax audit and to a lesser extent, changes in exchange rates. The income in 2021 was primarily due to changes in exchange rates and the sale of a facility in the Netherlands for 3.4 million. 
 
 Provision for income taxes was 32.4 million (24.1 of income before income taxes) for 2022 compared to 29.3 million (26.7 of income before income taxes) in 2021. 
 
 Net income for 2022 was 101.9 million compared to 80.2 million in 2021, with the increase in 2022 net income resulting from the factors described above. 
 
 Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020 
 
 The Company s net sales in the fiscal year ended 2021 were 1,334.2 million, an increase of 170.7 million or 14.7 compared to 1,163.5 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 2020 ). The increase in sales was attributable to the continued strong recovery in customer demand for our products in both the Vegetation Management and the Industrial Equipment Divisions. Negatively affecting sales in 2020 was the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic which materially impacted global demand for the Company's products and overall Company financial performance. 
 
 Net Vegetation Management sales were 812.7 million in 2021 compared to 654.6 million in 2020, an increase of 158.1 million or 24.1 , coming from improved sales in the forestry/tree care and agricultural mowing units along with solid contributions from the U.K., Europe, Brazil and Australia operations. Sales in this Division were negatively impacted by operational and supply chain disruptions and logistics issues due to the pandemic. 
 
 Net Industrial Equipment sales were 521.5 million in 2021 compared to 508.8 million in 2020, representing an increase of 12.7 million or 2.5 . The increase primarily resulted from higher customer demand for excavation/vacuum truck products and to a lesser extent the sweeper/debris collection products, offset by softer demand for snow removal equipment. Negatively affecting this Division were delays in truck chassis deliveries due to ongoing computer chip shortages as well as other supply chain constraints and operational disruptions due to the pandemic. 
 
 Gross profit for 2021 was 334.5 million (25.1 of net sales) compared to 293.7 million (25.2 of net sales) in 2020, an increase of 40.8 million. The increase in gross profit was primarily attributable to higher sales volume in 2021 as well as pricing increases that were implemented over the course of the year. This was offset by inflationary pressures, mainly from steel, along with higher costs relating to delivery of component parts, such as airfreighting charges to meet customer deliveries, which also had a negative effect on gross margin percentage for the full year of 2021. Negatively affecting the gross margin and gross margin percentage during for the full year of 2020 was a 4.8 million charge on sales of inventory that had been previously stepped-up related to the Morbark acquisition. 
 
 32 

Selling, general and administrative expenses SG A were 202.9 million (15.2 of net sales) in 2021 compared to 184.2 million (15.8 of net sales) in 2020, an increase of 18.7 million. The full year of 2021 included higher administrative and marketing expenses as the Company returned to pre-pandemic expense levels. Amortization expense in 2021 was 14.6 million compared to 14.7 million in 2020, a decrease of 0.1 million. 
 
 Interest expense for 2021 was 10.5 million compared to 15.8 million in 2020, a decrease of 5.3 million or 33.5 . The decrease in interest expense in 2021 primarily came from a decrease in interest rates, and to a lesser extent, reduced borrowing levels. 
 
 Other income (expense), net was income of 1.9 million during 2021 compared to expense of 0.6 million in 2020. The income in 2021 was primarily from changes in exchange rates and the sale of a facility in the Netherlands and the expense in 2020 was primarily the result of changes in exchange rates offset by the gain on the sale of two properties, one in the U.S. and one in Canada. 
 
 Provision for income taxes was 29.3 million (26.7 of income before income taxes) for 2021 compared to 22.0 million (27.5 of income before income taxes) in 2020. 
 
 Net income for 2021 was 80.2 million compared to 57.8 million in 2020, with the increase in 2021 net income resulting from the factors described above. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 In addition to normal operating expenses, the Company has ongoing cash requirements which are necessary to conduct the Company s business, including inventory purchases and capital expenditures. The Company s accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable levels, particularly in its Vegetation Management Division, build in the first quarter and early spring and, to a lesser extent, in the fourth quarter in anticipation of the spring and fall selling seasons. Accounts receivable historically build in the first and fourth quarters of each year as a result of pre-season sales and year-round sales programs. These sales, primarily in the Vegetation Management Division, help balance the Company s production during the first and fourth quarters. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had working capital of 536.7 million, which represents a increase of 117.1 million from working capital of 419.6 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase in working capital was primarily a result of volume-driven and inflation-driven increases in accounts receivable as well as an increase in inventory to support the Company's higher backlog levels. 
 
 Capital expenditures were 31.1 million for 2022, compared to 25.3 million for 2021. The Company will fund any future expenditures from operating cash flows or through our revolving credit facility, described below. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 14.5 million for 2022, compared to 49.7 million for 2021. The decrease of cash from operating activities is primarily the result of increased borrowings on the Company's revolving credit facility used for increased working capital needs in support of elevated backlog levels. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 31.7 million for 2022, compared to 33.4 million for 2021. Net cash provided by financing activities was 24.5 million for 2022, compared to net cash used of 23.0 million for 2021. 
 
 The Company had 42.9 million in cash and cash equivalents held by its foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022. The majority of these funds are held at our European and Canadian facilities. The Company will continue to repatriate European and Canadian cash and cash equivalents in excess of amounts needed to fund operating and investing activities, but will need to monitor exchange rates to determine the appropriate timing of such repatriation given the current relative strength of the U.S. dollar. Repatriated funds will initially be used to reduce funded debt levels under the Company's current credit facility and subsequently used to fund working capital, capital investments and acquisitions company-wide. 
 
 On October 28, 2022, the Company, as the borrower, and each of its domestic subsidiaries as guarantors, entered into a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the 2022 Credit Agreement with Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. The 2022 Credit Agreement provides the Company with the ability to request loans and other financial obligations in an aggregate amount of up to 655.0 million. Under the 2022 Credit Agreement, the Company has borrowed 255.0 million pursuant to a Term Facility, while up to 400.0 million is available to the Company pursuant to a Revolver Facility which terminates in five years. The Term Facility requires the Company to 
 33 

make equal quarterly principal payments of 3.75 million over the term of the loan, with the final payment of any outstanding principal amount, plus interest, due at the end of the five year term. Borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement bear interest, at the Company s option, at a Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or a Base Rate (each as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement), plus, in each case, an applicable margin. The applicable margin ranges from 1.25 to 2.50 for Term SOFR borrowings and from .25 to 1.50 for Base Rate borrowings with the margin percentage based upon the Company's consolidated leverage ratio. The Company must also pay a commitment fee to the lenders ranging between 0.15 to 0.30 on any unused portion of the 400.0 million Revolver Facility. The 2022 Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain two financial covenants, namely, a maximum consolidated leverage ratio and a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio. The Agreement also contains various covenants relating to limitations on indebtedness, limitations on investments and acquisitions, limitations on the sale of properties and limitations on liens and capital expenditures. The Agreement also contains other customary covenants, representations and events of defaults. The expiration date of the 2022 Credit Agreement, including the Term Facility and the Revolver Facility, is October 28, 2027. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 301.9 million was outstanding under the Credit Agreement, 249.9 million on the Term Facility and 52.0 million on the Revolver Facility. On December 31, 2022, 2.8 million of the revolver capacity was committed to irrevocable standby letters of credit issued in the ordinary course of business as required by vendors' contracts resulting in 295.2 million in available borrowings. The Company is in compliance with the covenants under the Agreement. 
 
 Management believes the Agreement and the Company s ability to internally generate funds from operations should be sufficient to meet the Company s cash requirements for the foreseeable future. However, future challenges affecting the banking industry and credit markets in general could potentially cause changes to credit availability, which creates a level of uncertainty. 
 
 Inflation 
 
 The Company is exposed to the risk that the price of energy, steel and other purchased components may increase and the Company may not be able to increase the price of its products correspondingly. If this occurs, the Company s results of operations would be adversely impacted. In 2022, the Company was materially impacted by inflationary pressures that significantly increased the price of steel as well as the price of many other purchased components. In 2022, we worked to mitigate some of the effects of cost increases through aggressive pricing actions but cost inflation is an ongoing challenge that could have a material impact on the Company's business and financial results, particularly if the current inflationary environment materially worsens. 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, certain new financial accounting pronouncements became effective January 1, 2021, or will become effective in the future. The effect on our financial statements upon adoption of these pronouncements is discussed in the above-referenced note. Payment due by period 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are based upon our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 34 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the financial statements. Management believes the following critical accounting policy reflect its more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. For further information on the critical accounting policies, see Note 1 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 We account for the acquisition of a business in accordance with the accounting standards codification guidance for business combinations, whereby the total consideration transferred is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including amounts attributable to intangible assets based on their respective estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition. Goodwill represents the excess of consideration transferred over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired in a business combination. 
 
 Assigning estimated fair values to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires the use of significant estimates, judgments, inputs, and assumptions regarding the fair value of intangible assets that are separately identifiable from goodwill, inventory step-up, and property, plant, and equipment, and are based on available historical information, future expectations, and assumptions determined to be reasonable but are inherently uncertain with respect to future events, including economic conditions, competition, the useful life of the acquired assets and other factors. Such significant estimates, judgments, inputs, and assumptions include, when applicable, the selection of an appropriate valuation method depending on the nature of the respective asset, such as the income approach, the market or sales comparison approach, or the cost approach; estimating future cash flows based on projected revenues and/or margins that we expect to generate subsequent to an acquisition; applying an appropriate discount rate to estimate the present value of those projected cash flows we expect to generate subsequent to an acquisition; selecting an appropriate royalty rate or estimating a customer attrition or technological obsolescence factor where necessary and appropriate given the nature of the respective asset; assigning the appropriate contributory asset charge where needed; determining an appropriate useful life and the related depreciation or amortization method for the respective asset; and assessing the accuracy and completeness of other historical financial metrics of the acquiree used as standalone inputs or as the basis for determining estimated projected inputs such as margins, customer attrition, and costs to hold and sell product. 
 
 In determining the estimated fair value of intangible assets that are separately identifiable from goodwill, we typically utilize the income approach, which discounts the projected future cash flows using an appropriate discount rate that reflects the risks associated with the projected cash flows. However, in certain instances, particularly in relation to developed technology or patents, we may utilize the cost approach depending on the nature of the respective intangible asset and the recency of the development or procurement of such technology. In determining the estimated fair value of acquired inventory, we typically utilize the cost approach for raw materials and the sales comparison approach for finished goods, work in process and component parts. In determining the estimated fair value of acquired property, plant, and equipment, we typically utilize the sales comparison approach or the cost approach depending on the nature of the respective asset and the recency of the construction or procurement of such asset. 
 
 We may refine the estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, if necessary, over a period not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition by taking into consideration new information that, if known at the date of acquisition, would have affected the estimated fair values ascribed to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The judgments made in determining the estimated fair value assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as the estimated useful life and depreciation or amortization method of each asset, can materially impact the net earnings of the periods subsequent to an acquisition through depreciation and amortization, and in certain instances through impairment charges, if the asset becomes impaired in the future. During the measurement period, any purchase price allocation changes that impact the carrying value of goodwill will affect any measurement of goodwill impairment taken during the measurement period, if applicable. 
 
 35 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 The Company is exposed to various financial market risks. Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market prices and rates. The Company does not enter into derivative or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 International Sales 
 
 A portion of the Company s operations consists of manufacturing and sales activities in international jurisdictions. The Company manufactures its products primarily in the U.S., the U.K., France, the Netherlands, Canada, Brazil and Australia. The Company sells its products primarily within the markets where the products are produced, but certain of the Company s sales from its U.K. and Canadian operations are denominated in other currencies. As a result, the Company s financials, specifically the value of its foreign assets, could be affected by factors such as changes in foreign currency exchange rates in the U.K. and Canada or weak economic conditions in the other markets in which the subsidiaries of the Company distribute their products. 
 
 Exposure to Exchange Rates 
 
 The Company s earnings are affected by fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar as compared to foreign currencies, predominantly in European countries and Canada and, to a lesser extent, Australia and Brazil, as a result of the sale of its products in international markets. Foreign currency forward exchange contracts in the U.K. are used to offset the earnings effects of such fluctuations. On December 31, 2022, the result of a uniform 10 strengthening in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the currencies in which the Company s sales are denominated would have been a decrease in gross profit of 10.9 million. Comparatively, on December 31, 2021, the result of a uniform 10 strengthening in the value of the dollar relative to the currencies in which the Company s sales are denominated would have been a decrease in gross profit of approximately 8.9 million. This calculation assumes that each exchange rate would change in the same direction relative to the U.S. dollar. In addition to the direct effects of changes in exchange rates, which are a changed dollar value of the resulting sales, changes in exchange rates may also affect the volume of sales or the foreign currency sales price as competitors products become more or less attractive. The Company s sensitivity analysis of the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates does not factor in a potential change in sales levels or local currency prices. The translation adjustment during 2022 was a loss of 23.0 million. On December 31, 2022, the British pound closed at 0.8266 relative to the U.S. dollar, and the Euro closed at 0.9344 relative to the U.S. dollar. By comparison, on December 31, 2021, the British pound closed at 0.7392 relative to the U.S. dollar, and the Euro closed at 0.8793 relative to the U.S. dollar. No assurance can be given as to future valuation of the British pound or Euro or how further movements in those or other currencies could affect future earnings or the financial position of the Company. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 The majority of the Company s long-term debt bears interest at variable rates. Accordingly, the Company s net income is affected by changes in interest rates. Assuming the average level of borrowings at variable rates and a two hundred basis point change in the 2022 average interest rate under these borrowings, the Company s 2022 interest expense would have changed by approximately 7.3 million. In the event of an adverse change in interest rates, management could take actions to mitigate its exposure. Further, this analysis does not consider the effects of the change in the level of overall economic activity that could exist in such an environment. However, challenges affecting the banking industry and credit markets in general can potentially cause changes to credit availability and cost of borrowing, which creates a level of uncertainty. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 The financial statements and supplementary data described in Item 15 of this report and included on pages 49 through 79 of this report are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 
 36 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures . An evaluation was carried out, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including our President Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based upon the evaluation, the President Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the end of the period covered by this report. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Management s report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting is included on page 45 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm has audited and issued a report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting which is included on page 48 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, and the firm s report on this matter is included in Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting . There have not been any changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined by paragraph (d) of Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act) during the fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 None. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 There are incorporated in this Item 10, by reference, those portions of the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders which appear therein under the captions Proposal 1 - Election of Directors, Nominees for Election to the Board of Directors, Information Concerning Directors, Meetings and Committees of the Board, The Audit Committee, and The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee." See also the information under the caption Information About Our Executive Officers in Part I of this Report. 
 
 The Board of Directors has delegated certain responsibilities to three Committees of the Board. The Committees are the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee. The Board of Directors has also adopted Corporate Governance guidelines and a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for all employees, including the Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and those individuals performing similar functions. 
 
 The Committee Charters, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and Corporate Governance Guidelines may be found on the Company s website (www.alamo-group.com) under the Corporate Governance tab at https://www.alamo-group.com/our-company/corporate-governance/ and are also available in printed form at no charge by sending a request to the Corporate Secretary, Alamo Group Inc., 1627 E. Walnut Street, Seguin, Texas 78155, which is the principal executive office of the Company. The telephone number is (830) 379-1480. The Company will post any amendments to the Code of Conduct and Ethics, and any waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules of either the SEC or the New York Stock Exchange, on the Company s website. 
 
 37 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 There are incorporated in this Item 11, by reference, those portions of the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders which appear therein under the captions "Executive Compensation," The Compensation Committee, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, "Compensation Committee Report and Director Compensation during 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 There is incorporated in this Item 12, by reference, that portion of the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders which appears under the caption Beneficial Ownership of our Common Stock. 
 
 Information on Alamo Group Inc. s Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table provides information on the shares that are available under the Company s stock compensation plans and, in the case of plans where stock options may be granted, the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of those stock options. The Company currently does not have an Equity Compensation Plan that is not approved by the Stockholders. 
 
 The numbers in the table are as of December 31, 2022, the last day of Alamo Group Inc. s 2022 fiscal year. 
 A B C 

Equity Compensation 
 Plan Category 

Number of Securities to be issued upon 
 exercise of outstanding 
 options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise 
 price of outstanding 
 options, warrants and 
 rights 
 Number of Securities 
 that remain 
 available for future 
 issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation plans 
 (excluding securities 
 reflected in column A) 
 Plans approved by stockholders 2005 Incentive Stock Option Plan 10,500 48.36 2009 Equity Incentive Plan 6,300 97.30 2015 Incentive Stock Option Plan 74,147 114.65 286,033 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 92,330 135.29 381,531 Plans not approved by stockholders Total 
 183,277 667,564 

Item 13. Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions is set forth under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Transactions in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such information is incorporated by reference herein. There were no such reportable relationships or related party transactions in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Information regarding director independence is set forth under the caption Information Concerning Directors in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 38 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . 
 
 Information regarding principal accountant fees and services is set forth under the caption Proposal 3 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Auditors in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such information is incorporated by reference herein. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Financial Statements Page Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 43 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KPMG LLP) 
 44 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 49 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 51 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 52 

Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 All schedules for which a provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are omitted because they are not required or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

Item 16. Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 39 

Exhibits 
 
 Exhibits The following exhibits are incorporated by reference to the filing indicated or are included following the index to Exhibits. 
 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 Incorporated by Reference From the Following Exhibits Exhibit Title Documents 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of Alamo Group Inc. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Form S-1, February 5, 1993 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Alamo Group Inc. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K, May 10, 2016 
 3.3 By-Laws of Alamo Group Inc. as amended Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K, December 12, 202 2 
 4.1 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-K, February 28, 2020 
 10.1 Form of indemnification agreements with Directors of Alamo Group Inc. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q, May 15, 1997 
 10.2 Form of indemnification agreements with certain executive officers of Alamo Group Inc. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q, May 15, 1997 
 10.3 401(k) Restoration Plan for Highly Compensated Employees, adopted on December 9, 1997 Filed as Exhibit 10.15 to Form 10-K, March 31, 1998 
 10.4 2005 Incentive Stock Option Plan, adopted by the Board of Directors on May 4, 2005 Filed as Appendix E to Schedule 14A, March 29, 2005 
 10.5 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2022, by and among Alamo Group Inc., Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and PNC Bank, N.A. as co-syndication agents, TD Bank, N.A. as documentation agent, and the other lenders party thereto. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, October 31, 2022 
 10.6 First Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2019, by and among Alamo Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation, Alamo Group Inc., a Delaware corporation, Stellex Capital Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, and in its capacity as the initial representative of the other Sellers pursuant to Section 10.6 of the Securities Purchase Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q, October 31, 2019 
 10.7 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K, May 13, 2009 
 10.8 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, January 18, 2011 
 10.9 Amended and Restated Executive Incentive Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.26 to Form 10-K, March 1, 2018 
 10.10 2015 Incentive Stock Option Plan, adopted by the Board of Directors on May 7, 2015 Filed as Appendix A to Schedule 14A, March 19, 2015 
 10.11 Alamo Group Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, May 7, 2019 
 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Alamo Group Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.23 to Form 10-K, February 28, 2020 
 10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Alamo Group Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.24 to Form 10-K, February 28, 2020 
 
 40 

10.14 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement under the Alamo Group Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan Filed as Exhibit 10.22 to Form 10-K, February 26, 2021 
 10.15 Form of Executive Change in Control Agreement Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, March 10, 2020 
 10.16 Amendment to Executive Change in Control Agreement Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q, August 4, 2021 
 10.17 Executive Change in Control Agreement by and between Alamo Group Inc. and Michael A. Haberman Filed as Exhibit 10.2 4 to Form 10-K, February 2 4 , 20 2 2 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant Filed Herewith 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP Filed Herewith 
 31.1 Certification by Jeffery A. Leonard under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed Herewith 
 31.2 Certification by Richard J. Wehrle under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed Herewith 
 32.1 Certification by Jeffery A. Leonard under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed Herewith 
 32.2 Certification by Richard J. Wehrle under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed Herewith 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document Filed Herewith 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Filed Herewith 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Filed Herewith 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Filed Herewith 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Filed Herewith 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Filed Herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed Herewith 
 ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Compensatory Plan 
 41 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 ALAMO GROUP INC. Date: February 23, 2023 /s/ Jeffery A. Leonard Jeffery A. Leonard President Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in their capacities and on the 23th day of February 2023. Signature Title /s/ RODERICK R. BATY 
 Roderick R. Baty 
 Independent Board Chair Director /s/ JEFFERY A. LEONARD 
 Jeffery A. Leonard 
 President Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ RICHARD J. WEHRLE 
 Richard J. Wehrle 
 Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ ROBERT P. BAUER 
 Robert P. Bauer 
 Director /s/ ERIC P. ETCHART 
 Eric P. Etchart 
 Director /s/NINA C. GROOMS 
 Nina C. Grooms 
 Director /s/TRACY C. JOKINEN 
 Tracy C. Jokinen 
 Director /s/RICHARD W. PAROD 
 Richard W. Parod 
 Director /s/RONALD A. ROBINSON 
 Ronald A. Robinson 
 Director /s/LORIE L. TEKORIUS 
 Lorie L. Tekorius 
 Director 

42 

Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, the Company s management concludes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were effective based on these criteria. 
 
 KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein. 
 Date: February 23, 2023 /s/ Jeffery A. Leonard 
 Jeffery A. Leonard President, Chief Executive Officer Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/Richard J. Wehrle Richard J. Wehrle Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

43 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Alamo Group Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Alamo Group Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates . 
 
 Sufficiency of evidence over the existence of inventory 
 As discussed in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the value of inventory was 353 million as of December 31, 2022. To facilitate the global delivery of goods to customers, the Company operates across North America, South America, Europe and Australia. Within these locations, the Company has 28 principal manufacturing plants located in six countries. 
 
 We identified the assessment of the sufficiency of evidence over the existence of inventory as a critical audit matter. The geographical dispersion of inventory required especially subjective auditor judgment in determining the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained over the existence of inventory. 
 44 

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed over the existence of inventory including determining where we would perform procedures. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s inventory process at certain manufacturing plants. This included controls related to the physical inspection of inventories at certain plants. We performed independent test counts for a sample of items and compared them to the Company s records to evaluate the inventory at those specific plants. We selected a sample of inventory transactions that were made by the Company near the Company s fiscal year-end and evaluated the accounting period in which they were recorded. We evaluated the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained by assessing the results of the procedures performed. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2009. San Antonio, Texas 
 February 23, 2023 

45 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Alamo Group Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Alamo Group Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP San Antonio, Texas February 23, 2023 
 
 46 

Alamo Group Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets Year Ended December 31, 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Income tax receivable Total current assets Rental equipment, net Property, plant and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Income taxes payable Accrued liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt and finance lease obligations Total current liabilities Long-term debt and finance lease obligations, net of current maturities Long-term tax liability Other long-term liabilities Deferred income taxes Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost; shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes. 

47 

Alamo Group Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net sales: Vegetation Management Industrial Equipment Total net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Amortization expense Income from operations Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Other income ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income per common share: Basic Diluted Average common shares: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 48 

Alamo Group Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax (expense) benefit of , ), and 
 ) ) Unrealized income (loss) on derivative instruments, net of tax (expense) benefit of ), ), and , respectively 
 ) Recognition of deferred pension and other post-retirement benefits, net of tax (expense) benefit of ), ), and , respectively 
 (866) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income 

See accompanying notes. 
 
 49 

Alamo Group Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Common Stock Additional 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive Income 
 Total Stock- 
 holders Equity 
 (in thousands) Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation expense Stock-based compensation transactions Dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Other comprehensive income ) Stock-based compensation expense Stock-based compensation transactions ) ) Dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Other comprehensive income ) Stock-based compensation expense Stock-based compensation transactions Dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 50 

Alamo Group Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: 
 Provision for doubtful accounts Depreciation - PP E Depreciation - Rental Amortization of intangibles Amortization of debt issuance Stock-based compensation expense Provision for deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) ) ) Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable 
 ) ) Inventories ) ) Rental equipment ) Prepaid expenses and other ) ) Trade accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Income taxes payable Long term tax payable ) ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Purchase of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Purchase of patents ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities Borrowings on bank revolving credit facility Repayment on bank revolving credit facility ) ) ) Principal payments on long-term debt and capital leases ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 51 

Alamo Group Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 
 principal reporting segments: Vegetation Management and Industrial Equipment, which are discussed in Note 18 . 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was restricted cash. 
 52 

See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding goodwill. 

years to years. Impairment of definite-lived assets is discussed as part of the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets paragraph above. 
 
 The indefinite-lived assets not subject to amortization consist of trade names. The Company tests its indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis at year-end, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset could be below its carrying amount. The impairment test consists of comparing the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset, 
 53 

See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding intangible assets. 

See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding leases. 

reportable operating segments within its financial statements: Vegetation Management and Industrial Equipment. Contract terms and performance obligations within each contractual agreement are generally consistent for both divisions, with small differences that do not have a significant impact on the revenue recognition considerations under Topic 606. Revenues are recognized when we satisfy our performance obligation to transfer product to our customers, which typically occurs at a point in time upon shipment or delivery of the product, and for an amount that reflects the transaction price that is allocated to the performance obligation. Our contracts with customers state the final terms of sale, including the description, quantity and price for goods sold. In the normal course of business, we generally do not accept product returns. 
 
 The transaction price is the consideration that we expect to be entitled to in exchange for our products. Some of our contracts contain variable consideration in the form of sales incentives to our customers, such as discounts and rebates. For contracts that include variable consideration, we estimate the factors that determine the variable consideration in order to establish the transaction price. 
 
 We have elected that any taxes collected from customers and remitted to government authorities (i.e., sales tax, use tax, etc.) are excluded from the measurement of the transaction price and therefore are excluded from net sales in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 54 

Accumulated depreciation relating to the rental equipment was million and million on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

million, million and million, respectively. Advertising and marketing expenses are included in Selling, General and Administrative expenses SG A ). 
 
 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

and are forfeited in the event that the employee or director terminates his or her employment or relationship with the Company or one of its affiliates other than by retirement or death. These options generally vest over . All option plans contain anti-dilutive provisions that permit an adjustment of the number of shares of the Company s common stock represented by each option for any change in capitalization. 
 
 55 

Dividend yield Volatility factors Weighted-average expected life years years years 

2. 

3. 
 
 of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Timberwolf Limited Timberwolf ). Timberwolf manufactures a broad range of commercial wood chippers, primarily serving markets in the U.K. and the European Union. The primary reason for the Timberwolf acquisition was to enhance the Company's forestry and tree care platform for growth by increasing both the Company's product portfolio and capabilities in the European market. The acquisition price was approximately million. The Company has included the operating results of Timberwolf in its consolidated financial statements since the date of acquisition, these results are considered immaterial. 
 
 56 

4. 
 Average common shares: Basic (weighted-average outstanding shares) Dilutive potential common shares from stock options 
 Diluted (weighted-average outstanding shares) 
 Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 
 Stock options totaling shares in 2022, shares in 2021, and shares in 2020 were not included in the diluted earnings per share calculation because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

5. 
 ) ) Reserve for inventory obsolescence ) ) Reserve for warranty ) ) 2021 Reserve for sales discounts ) ) Reserve for inventory obsolescence ) ) Reserve for warranty ) ) 2020 Reserve for sales discounts ) Reserve for inventory obsolescence ) Reserve for warranty ) 
 
 Sales Discounts 
 
 On December 31, 2022, the Company had million in reserves for sales discounts compared to million on December 31, 2021 on product shipped to our customers under various promotional programs. The most common programs provide a discount when the customer pays within a specified period of time. 
 
 The Company reviews the reserve quarterly based on analysis made on each program outstanding at the time. The cost of these discounts is estimated based on historical experience and known changes in promotional programs and is reported as a reduction to sales when the product sale is recognized. The reserve is adjusted if discounts paid differ from those estimated. Historically, those adjustments have not been material. 
 
 57 

million on December 31, 2022 and million on December 31, 2021 to cover obsolete and slow moving inventory. The increase in the reserve was primarily attributable to the Company's Industrial Equipment Division. The reserve for inventory obsolescence is calculated as follows: 1) no inventory usage over a period is deemed obsolete and reserved at ; and 2) slow moving inventory with little usage requires a reserve on items that have a quantity greater than a supply. There are exceptions to the obsolete and slow moving classifications if approved by an officer of the Company, based on specific identification of an item or items that are deemed to be either included or excluded from this classification. In cases where there is no historical data, management makes a judgment based on a specific review of the inventory in question to determine what reserves, if any, are appropriate. New products or parts are generally excluded from the reserve until a three-year history has been established. 
 
 on all wholegood units and days on parts, though some components can have warranty for longer terms. 
 
 Warranty reserve, as a percentage of sales, is generally calculated by looking at the current expenses and prorating that amount based on sales with a three to lag period. The Company s historical experience is that an end-user takes approximately three to from the receipt of the unit to file a warranty claim. 
 
 The current liability warranty reserve balance was million on December 31, 2022 and million on December 31, 2021 and is included in Note 11 . 

6. 
 Work in process Raw materials Inventory, net 
 
 58 

7. 
 
 Buildings and improvements - yrs. 
 Machinery and equipment - yrs. 
 Office furniture and equipment - yrs. 
 Computer software - yrs. 
 Transportation equipment yrs. 
 Property, plant and equipment, at cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 

8. 
 Translation adjustment Goodwill adjustment ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Translation adjustment ) ) ) Goodwill acquired Balance at December 31, 2021 Translation adjustment ) ) ) Goodwill adjustment ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 59 

9. 
 
 - years 
 Customer and dealer relationships - years 
 Patents and developed technologies - years 
 Favorable leasehold interests years 
 Total at cost Less accumulated amortization ) ) Total net Indefinite: Trade names and trademarks Total Intangible Assets 
 
 The Company's net carrying value at December 31, 2022 of intangible assets with definite useful lives consists of trade names and trademarks at million, customer and dealer relationships at million, patents and drawings at million, and favorable leasehold interests at million. As of December 31, 2022, the related accumulated amortization balance for the definite-lived assets were million for trade names and trademarks, million for customer and dealer relationships, million for patents and drawings, and million for favorable leasehold interests. The Company estimates amortization expense to be million for each of the next five years. 
 
 million and the Bush Hog million. 
 
 60 

10. 

Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 
 Rental expense for operating leases was million for 2022, million for 2021, and million for 2020. 
 61 

million. These operating leases will commence in fiscal year 2023. 
 Accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term years years Weighted average discount rate 

11. 
 
 Lease liability Taxes Warranty Retirement provision Customer deposits Other Accrued liabilities 

12. 
 
 62 

13. 
 
 Term debt Capital lease obligations Total debt Less current maturities Total long-term debt 
 
 On October 28, 2022, the Company, as Borrower, and each of its domestic subsidiaries as guarantors, entered into a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the 2022 Credit Agreement with Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. The 2022 Credit Agreement provides Borrower with the ability to request loans and other financial obligations in an aggregate amount of up to million. Under the 2022 Credit Agreement, the Company has borrowed million pursuant to a Term Facility, while up to million is available to the Company pursuant to a Revolver Facility which terminates in years. The Term Facility requires the Company to make equal quarterly principal payments of over the term of the loan, with the final payment of any outstanding principal amount, plus interest, due at the end of the five year term. Borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement bear interest, at the Company s option, at a Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or a Base Rate (each as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement), plus, in each case, an applicable margin. The applicable margin ranges from to for Term SOFR borrowings and from to for Base Rate borrowings with the margin percentage based upon the Company's consolidated leverage ratio. The Company must also pay a commitment fee to the lenders ranging between to on any unused portion of the Revolver Facility. 
 
 63 

financial covenants, namely, a maximum consolidated leverage ratio and a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio. The Agreement also contains various covenants relating to limitations on indebtedness, limitations on investments and acquisitions, limitations on the sale of properties and limitations on liens and capital expenditures. The Agreement also contains other customary covenants, representations and events of defaults. The expiration date of the 2022 Credit Agreement, including the Term Facility and the Revolver Facility, is October 28, 2027. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, million was outstanding under the Credit Agreement. Of the total outstanding, million was on the Term Facility at a rate of and million was on the Revolver Facility at a rate of . On December 31, 2022, million of the revolver capacity was committed to irrevocable standby letters of credit issued in the ordinary course of business as required by vendors' contracts resulting in million in available borrowings. The Company is in compliance with the covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 million in 2023; million in 2024; million in 2025; million in 2026; in 2027; and thereafter. 

14. 
 
 Foreign 
 
 Foreign State Deferred: Domestic ) ) Foreign ) ) ) State ) ) ) ) ) ) Total income taxes 
 
 64 

Increase (reduction) from: Jurisdictional rate differences Executive compensation limitation Stock based compensation ) ) U.S. state taxes Foreign tax expense R D credit ) ) ) GILTI Previously unrecognized tax (benefit)/expense Other, net ) ) Provision for income taxes Effective tax rate 
 
 65 

Accounts receivable reserve Rental equipment and Property, plant and equipment Stock based compensation Pension liability Employee benefit accrual Product liability and warranty reserves Foreign net operating loss Lease liability Capitalized R D costs Other Total deferred income tax assets Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Inventory basis differences ) ) Rental equipment and Property, plant and equipment ) ) Lease asset ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Expenses not currently deductible for book purposes ) ) Total deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred income taxes ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had foreign deferred tax assets consisting of foreign net operating losses and other tax benefits available to reduce future taxable income in a foreign jurisdiction. These foreign jurisdictions net operating loss carry-forwards are approximately million with an unlimited carry-forward period. The Company also has U.S. state net operating loss carry-forwards in the amount of million which will expire between 2036 and 2042. 
 
 The Company's valuation allowances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 related primarily to foreign net operating losses and foreign tax credits. 
 
 66 

Increases for tax positions related to the current year Decreases due to lapse of statute of limitations ) ) Balance as of end of year 
 
 The Company has adopted the policy to include interest and penalty expense related to income taxes as interest and other expense, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, interest or penalties have accrued. With few exceptions, the Company s open tax years for its federal and state income tax returns are for the tax years ended 2017 through 2022, and for tax years ended 2016 through 2022 for its foreign income tax returns. 
 
 The Company currently intends to permanently reinvest its earnings in certain foreign subsidiaries. No U.S. corporate income taxes or foreign withholding taxes should be imposed on future distributions of the earnings not permanently reinvested. If the amounts asserted as permanent reinvestment were distributed, the Company would be subject to approximately million in withholding taxes. 

15. 
 
 per share which was paid on February 1, 2023 to holders of record as of January 18, 2023. The Company also has a share repurchase program under which the Company is authorized to repurchase, in the aggregate, up to million of its outstanding common stock. During 2022, the Company purchased shares. 

16. 
 shares of common stock for options to be issued under the 2015 ISO Plan. Each option becomes vested and exercisable for up to of the total optioned shares following the grant of the option and for an additional of the total optioned shares after each succeeding year until the option is fully exercisable at the end of the fifth year. 
 
 We also maintain other incentive option plans that have expired, under which previously granted awards remain outstanding. No additional grants may be awarded under these plans. 
 
 67 

Granted Exercised ) ) ) Canceled ) ) ) Options outstanding at end of year Options exercisable at end of year Options available for grant at end of year 
 Weighted Averages 

- 
 - 
 - 
 Total 
 Weighted Averages 
 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair values of options granted during 2022, 2021, and 2020 were , and , respectively. Stock option expense was million, million and million for years ending 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a period of . 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 On May 2, 2019, the stockholders of the Company approved the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and the Company reserved shares of common stock for issuance of equity awards including the issuance of non-qualified options for the purchase of shares of our common stock which may be granted to Company officers and non-employee directors. Options become vested and exercisable for up to of the total optioned shares following the grant of the option and for an additional of the total optioned shares after each succeeding year until the option is fully exercisable at the end of the fifth year. 
 
 We also maintain other incentive option plans that have expired, under which previously granted awards remain outstanding. No additional grants may be awarded under these plans. 
 
 68 

Granted Exercised ) ) ) Canceled Options outstanding at end of year Options exercisable at end of year 
 Weighted Averages 

- 
 Total 
 Weighted Averages 
 
 There were options granted in 2020 , 2021 or 2022. Stock option expense was for years ending 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the plans. 
 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020, , , and non-qualified options were exercised, respectively, million, million, and million of cash receipts were received, respectively. 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards/Units 
 
 Granted Exercised ) ) ) Canceled ) ) Awards outstanding at end of year 
 Weighted Averages 
 
 Restricted stock awards vest over a period. The weighted-average remaining contractual life in years for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. Compensation expense was million, million and million for years ending 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a period of . 
 69 

performance period with the goal of more closely aligning executive compensation with long-term Company performance. of the total long-term incentive compensation target value. performance period if certain financial or other performance targets/metrics have been met. 

17. 
 Gradall non-contributory defined benefit pension plans, both of which are frozen with respect to both future benefit accruals and future new entrants. 
 
 The Gradall Company Employees Retirement Plan covers approximately former employees and current employees who (i) were formerly employed by JLG Industries, Inc., (ii) were not covered by a collective bargaining agreement and (iii) first participated in the plan before December 31, 2004. An amendment ceasing future benefit accruals for certain participants was effective December 31, 2004. A second amendment discontinued all future benefit accruals for all participants effective April 24, 2006. 
 
 The Gradall Company Hourly Employees Pension Plan covered former employees and current employees who (i) were formerly employed by JLG Industries, Inc., (ii) were covered by a collective bargaining agreement and (iii) first participated in the plan before April 6, 1997. An amendment ceasing all future benefit accruals was effective April 6, 1997. 

Service cost Interest cost Liability actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in fair value of plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status 
 70 

Composite rate of compensation increase N/A N/A 
 
 Rates to Determine Net Periodic Benefit Cost Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Discount rate Long-term rate of return on plan assets Composite rate of compensation increase N/A N/A 
 
 The Company employs a building block approach in determining the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. Historical markets are studied and long-term historical relationships between equities and fixed income are preserved consistent with the widely accepted capital market principle that assets with higher volatility generate a greater return over the long run. Current market factors such as inflation and interest rates are evaluated before long-term market assumptions are determined. The long-term portfolio return is established via a building block approach with proper consideration of diversification and rebalancing. Peer data and historical returns are reviewed to check for reasonability and appropriateness. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of net loss Net periodic benefit cost ) ) 
 
 The Company estimates that million of unrecognized actuarial expense will be amortized from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into net periodic benefit costs during 2023. 
 
 The Company employs a total return investment approach whereby a mix of equities and fixed income investments are used to maximize the long-term return of plan assets for a prudent level of risk. Risk tolerance is established through careful consideration of plan liabilities, plan funded status, and corporate financial condition. The investment portfolio contains a diversified blend of equity and fixed income investments. Furthermore, equity investments are diversified across U.S. and non-U.S. stocks, as well as growth, value, and small and large 
 71 

Debt securities Short-term investments Other Total 
 
 International Common/Collective Trusts: Wells Fargo Liability Driven Solution CIT I Wells Fargo Liability Driven Solution CIT II Wells Fargo BlackRock International Equity Wells Fargo/Causeway International Value Wells Fargo BlackRock Large Cap Growth Index Fund Wells Fargo BlackRock Large Cap Value Index Fund Wells Fargo Multi-Manager Small Cap Wells Fargo BlackRock Russell 2000 Index Fund Wells Fargo BlackRock S P Mid Cap Index Fund Wells Fargo/MFS Value CIT F Wells Fargo/T. Rowe Price Large-Cap Growth Managed CIT Wells Fargo/T. Rowe Price Equity Income Managed CIT Wells Fargo Voya Large Cap Growth CIT F Cash Short-term Investments Total 
 72 

International Common/Collective Trusts: Wells Fargo Liability Driven Solution CIT I Wells Fargo Liability Driven Solution CIT II Wells Fargo BlackRock International Equity Wells Fargo/Causeway International Value Wells Fargo BlackRock Large Cap Growth Index Fund Wells Fargo BlackRock Large Cap Value Index Fund Wells Fargo Multi-Manager Small Cap Wells Fargo BlackRock Russell 2000 Index Fund Wells Fargo BlackRock S P Mid Cap Index Fund Wells Fargo/MFS Value CIT F Wells Fargo/T. Rowe Price Large-Cap Growth Managed CIT Wells Fargo/T. Rowe Price Equity Income Managed CIT Wells Fargo Voya Large Cap Growth CIT F Cash Short-term Investments Total 
 
 Our interests in the common collective trust investments are managed by one custodian. Consistent with our investment policy, the custodian has invested the assets across a widely diversified portfolio of U.S. and international equity and fixed income securities. Fair values of each security within the collective trust as of December 31, 2022 were obtained from the custodian and are based on quoted market prices of individual investments; however, since the fund itself does not have a quoted market price, these assets are considered Level 2. 
 
 The common collective funds noted in the above table have estimated fair value using the net asset value per share of investments. Investments can be redeemed immediately at the current net asset value per share based on the fair value of the underlying assets. Redemption frequency is daily. The categories contain investments in equity securities of smaller growing companies, medium-sized U.S. companies, large value-oriented and growth-oriented companies, and foreign companies traded on international markets. 
 
 73 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Years 2028 through 2032 
 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 
 The Board of Directors of the Company adopted the Alamo Group Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the SERP ), effective as of January 3, 2011. The SERP will benefit certain key management or other highly compensated employees of the Company and/or certain subsidiaries who are selected by the Compensation Committee and approved by the Board to participate. 
 
 The SERP is intended to provide a benefit from the Company upon retirement, death or disability, or a change in control of the Company. Accordingly, the SERP obligates the Company to pay to a participant a Retirement Benefit (as defined in the SERP) upon the occurrence of certain payment events to the extent a participant has a vested right thereto. A participant s right to his or her Retirement Benefit becomes vested in the Company s contributions upon years of Credited Service (as defined in the SERP) or a change in control of the Company. The Retirement Benefit is based on of the final average salary of each participant on or after his or her normal retirement age years of age). In the event of the participant s death or a change in control, the participant s vested retirement benefit will be paid in a lump sum to the participant or his or her estate, as applicable, within days after the participant s death or a change in control, as applicable. In the event that the participant is entitled to a benefit from the SERP due to disability, retirement or other termination of employment, the benefit will be paid in monthly installments over a period of . 
 
 The Company records amounts relating to the SERP based on calculations that incorporate various actuarial and other assumptions, including discount rates, rate of compensation increases, retirement dates and life expectancy. The net periodic costs are recognized as employees render the services necessary to earn the SERP benefits. 
 
 In May of 2015, the Board amended the SERP to allow the Board to modify the retirement benefit percentage either higher or lower than 20 . In May of 2016, the Board added additional highly compensated employees to the plan. As of December 31, 2022, the current retirement benefit (as defined in the plan) for the participants ranges from to . 
 
 74 

Service cost Interest cost Liability actuarial loss (gain) ) Benefits paid ) ) Benefit obligation at December 31, 
 
 Interest cost Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of net (gain)/loss Net periodic benefit cost 
 
 The Company estimates that million of unrecognized actuarial expense will be amortized from Accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit costs during 2023. 
 
 Composite rate of compensation increase 
 
 Assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the years ended December 31: 
 Rates to Determine Net Periodic Benefit Cost 2022 2021 Discount rate Composite rate of compensation increase Long-term rate of return on plan assets N/A N/A 
 
 75 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Years 2028 through 2032 
 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 
 The Company has defined contribution plans, The Gradall Salaried Employees Savings and Investment Plan Salary Plan and The International Association of Machinist and Aerospace Workers Retirement Plan IAM Plan ). The Company contributed million, million, and million to the IAM Plan for the plan years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company converted the Salary Plan into its 401(k) retirement and savings plan and put the Hourly Plan into a separate 401(k) retirement and savings plan. 
 
 The Company provides a defined contribution 401(k) retirement and savings plan for eligible U.S. employees. Company matching contributions are based on a percentage of employee contributions. Company contributions to the plan during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 of the Company s international subsidiaries also participate in a defined contribution and savings plan covering eligible employees. The Company s international subsidiaries contribute between and of the participant s salary up to a specific limit. Total contributions made to the above plans were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

18. 
 
 Parts Other Consolidated Other includes rental sales, extended warranty sales and service sales as it is considered immaterial. 
 
 The Company s sales are principally within the United States, United Kingdom, France, Canada and Australia. The Company sells its products primarily through a network of independent dealers and distributors to governmental end-users, related independent contractors, as well as to the agricultural and commercial turf markets. Effective for the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company began reporting its operating results on the basis of the following segments, Vegetation Management Division and Industrial Equipment Division. Prior to the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company had been reporting its operating results on the basis of segments which were the Industrial Division and Agricultural Division. The Vegetation Management Division includes all of the operations of the former Agricultural Division plus the mowing and forestry/tree care operations that were previously part of the former Industrial Division. The Industrial Equipment Division includes the Company s vocational truck business and other industrial operations such as excavators, vacuum trucks, street sweepers, and snow removal equipment. 
 
 76 

Industrial Equipment Consolidated Income from Operations Vegetation Management Industrial Equipment Consolidated 
 
 The following table presents the goodwill and total identifiable assets by reporting segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Goodwill Vegetation Management Industrial Equipment Consolidated Identifiable Assets Vegetation Management Industrial Equipment Consolidated 

77 

19. ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Balance as of end of period ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 

20. 
 Income from operations Income before income taxes Identifiable assets 
 
 78 

France Canada United Kingdom Brazil Netherlands Germany Australia Other Total net sales 
 Geographic location of long-lived assets: 
 United States Netherlands Canada United Kingdom France Brazil Australia Total long-lived assets 
 
 Net sales are attributed to countries based on the location of customers. 

21. 

79 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 a202210kex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF ALAMO GROUP INC. 
 
 Name 
 Jurisdiction 
 of Incorporation 
 Alamo Group (USA) Inc. (1) Delaware Alamo Group Europe Limited (1) United Kingdom Alamo Group (Canada) Inc. (1) New Brunswick Alamo Group Brazil I, Inc. (1) Delaware Alamo Group Brazil II, Inc. (1) Delaware Alamo Group Texas LLC (2) Texas Alamo Group Management Inc. (2) Texas Bush Hog LLC (2) Delaware Gradall Industries LLC (2) Delaware Henke Manufacturing LLC (2) Kansas Herschel Parts, Inc. (2) Nevada Howard P. Fairfield LLC (2) Delaware Morbark, LLC (15) Michigan Nite-Hawk Sweepers, LLC (2) Washington Old Dominion Brush Company LLC (2) Delaware RhinoAg LLC (2) Delaware Schulte (USA) LLC (2) Florida Schwarze Industries Australia PTY Ltd. (3) Australia Schwarze Industries LLC (2) Alabama Super Products LLC (2) Delaware Tenco Industries Inc. (2) Delaware Tiger Mowers LLC (2) Nevada Wausau Equipment Company LLC (2) Delaware ALG (HK) Limited (2) Hong Kong ALG (Beijing) Trading Co. Ltd. (9) China Bomford Turner Limited (4) United Kingdom Bomford & Evershed Ltd. (5) United Kingdom Bomford Turner (1954) Limited. (5) United Kingdom Kellands Agricultural Ltd. (4) United Kingdom McConnel Ltd. (4) United Kingdom Spearhead Machinery Ltd. (4) United Kingdom Timberwolf Limited (4) United Kingdom Turner International (ENG) Ltd. (5) United Kingdom Twose of Tiverton Ltd. (5) United Kingdom Alamo Group (FR) SAS (4) France SMA Faucheux SAS (6) France Forges Gorce SAS (6) France Rivard SAS (6) France Alamo Group Agriculture France (6) France ALSA Alamo Legal Services and Advice (6) France Schulte Industries Ltd. (7) New Brunswick Tenco Inc. (7) New Brunswick Everest Equipment Co. (7) Nova Scotia Fieldquip PTY Ltd. (10) Australia Herder Implementos e Maquinas Agricolas Ltda. (12) Brazil Santa Izabel Agro Industria Ltda. (11) Brazil 

Alamo Group The Netherlands Holding B.V. (4) The Netherlands Alamo Group The Netherlands Giessen B.V. (13) The Netherlands Alamo Group The Netherlands Middelburg B.V.. (13) The Netherlands Roberine B.V. (13) The Netherlands 
 _____________________ (1) 100 owned by Alamo Group Inc. (2) 100 owned by Alamo Group (USA) Inc. (3) 100 owned by Schwarze Industries, Inc. (4) 100 owned by Alamo Group (Europe) Limited (5) 100 owned by Bomford Turner Limited (6) 100 owned by Alamo Group (FR) SAS (7) 100 owned by Alamo Group (Canada) Inc. (8) 100 owned by SMA SAS (9) 100 owned by ALG (HK) Limited (10) 100 owned by Schwarze Industries Australia PTY Ltd. (11) 90 owned by Alamo Group Brazil I, Inc. 
 10 owned by Alamo Group Brazil II, Inc. 
 (12) 99.99 owned by Santa Izabel Agro Industria Ltda. 00.01 owned by Brazil 1, Inc. (13) 100 owned by Alamo Group The Netherlands Holding B.V. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 a202210kex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333-180049) on Form S-3 and registration statements (Nos. 333-231205, 333-204169, 333-174755, 333-143216, and 333-88454) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Alamo Group Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP San Antonio, Texas February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 a202210kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 I, Jeffery A. Leonard, certify that 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Alamo Group Inc 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 23, 2023 s Jeffery A. Leonard Jeffery A. Leonard 
 President & Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 a202210kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 I, Richard J. Wehrle, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Alamo Group Inc 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 23, 2023 s Richard J. Wehrle Richard J. Wehrle 
 Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 a202210kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Alamo Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffery A. Leonard, President & Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 February 23, 2023 s Jeffery A. Leonard Jeffery A. Leonard 
 President & Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 a202210kex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Alamo Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Richard J. Wehrle, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 February 23, 2023 s Richard J. Wehrle Richard J. Wehrle 
 Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 alg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 alg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 alg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 alg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 alg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

