<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_1127371_0001127371-23-000043.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20364650</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>502572</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2356896</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8711724</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4308393</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4047706</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001127371-23-000043.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309164717
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001127371-23-000043
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001127371
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				770539125
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-31977
		FILM NUMBER:		23720364

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7100 N. FINANCIAL DRIVE, #101
		CITY:			FRESNO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93720
		BUSINESS PHONE:		559-323-3433

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7100 N. FINANCIAL DRIVE, #101
		CITY:			FRESNO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93720

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001127371-23-000043.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 cvcy-20221231.htm
 10-K

cvcy-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 
 ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 CALIFORNIA (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 [None] 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on which Registered NASDAQ Capital Market 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Emerging reporting company 

Smaller reporting company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022 , the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the price at which the stock was last sold on June 30, 2022. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 
 Common Stock, No Par Value Outstanding at March 6, 2023 shares 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1 - 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
 4 
 ITEM 1A - 
 RISK FACTORS 
 14 
 ITEM 1B - 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 14 
 ITEM 2 - 
 DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 
 26 
 ITEM 3 - 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 26 
 ITEM 4 - 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 26 
 ITEM 5 - 
 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 26 
 ITEM 6 - 
 [RESERVED] 
 27 
 ITEM 7- 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION S 
 27 
 ITEM 7A- 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 53 
 ITEM 8 - 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 56 
 ITEM 9 - 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 102 
 ITEM 9A - 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 102 
 ITEM 9B- 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 103 
 ITEM 9C- 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 103 
 ITEM 10 - 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS; COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 
 103 
 ITEM 11 - 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 104 
 ITEM 12 - 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 104 
 ITEM 13 - 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 
 104 
 ITEM 14 - 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 105 
 ITEM 15 - 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 105 
 SIGNATURES 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1 - DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
 
 General 
 
 Central Valley Community Bancorp is a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the Company ). The Company was incorporated on February 7, 2000 as a California corporation, for the purpose of becoming the holding company for Central Valley Community Bank (the Bank ), formerly known as Clovis Community Bank, a California state chartered bank, through a corporate reorganization. In the reorganization, the Bank became the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and the shareholders of the Bank became the shareholders of the Company. The Company made a decision in the first half of 2002 to change the name of its one subsidiary, Clovis Community Bank, to Central Valley Community Bank. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank was the only banking subsidiary of the Company. The Bank is a multi-community bank that offers a full range of commercial banking services to small and medium size businesses, and their owners, managers and employees in the central valley area of California. Nine contiguous counties are served in California s central valley including Fresno County, El Dorado County, Madera County, Merced County, Placer County, Sacramento County, San Joaquin County, Stanislaus County, and Tulare County, and their surrounding areas. The Company does not currently conduct any operations other than through the Bank. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to us, we, or our refer to the Company and the Bank on a consolidated basis. At December 31, 2022, we had consolidated total assets of approximately 2,422,519,000. See Items 7 and 8 , Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , and Financial Statements . 
 The Company is regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve. The Bank is regulated by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation DFPI and its primary Federal regulator is the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). 
 As of March 1, 2023, we had a total of 262 employees and 253 full time equivalent employees, including the employees of the Bank. 
 
 The Bank 
 
 The Bank was organized in 1979 and commenced business as a California state chartered bank in 1980. The deposits of the Bank are insured by the FDIC up to applicable limits. The Bank is not a member of the Federal Reserve System. 
 The Bank operates 19 full-service banking offices in Clovis, Exeter, Folsom, Fresno, Gold River, Kerman, Lodi, Madera, Merced, Modesto, Oakhurst, Prather, Roseville, Sacramento, Stockton, and Visalia. The Bank conducts a commercial banking business, which includes accepting demand, savings and time deposits and making commercial, real estate and consumer loans. It also provides domestic and international wire transfer services and provides safe deposit boxes and other customary banking services. The Bank also offers Internet banking that consists of inquiry, account status, bill paying, account transfers, and cash management. The Bank does not offer trust services or international banking services and does not currently plan to do so in the near future. The Bank has a Real Estate Division, an Agribusiness Center, and an SBA Lending Division. The Real Estate Division processes or assists in processing the majority of the Bank s real estate related transactions, including interim construction loans for single family residences and commercial buildings. We offer permanent single family residential loans through our mortgage broker services. Our total market share of deposits in Fresno, Madera, San Joaquin, and Tulare counties was 3.66 in 2022 compared to 3.83 in 2021 based on FDIC deposit market share information published as of June 30, 2022. Our total market share in the other counties we operate in (El Dorado, Merced, Placer, Sacramento, and Stanislaus), was less than 1.00 as of June 30, 2022 and 2021. We have a diversified loan portfolio. At December 31, 2022, we had total loans of 1,256,304,000. Total commercial and industrial loans outstanding were 141,197,000 which included 333,000 in PPP loans, total agricultural land and production loans outstanding were 39,007,000, total real estate construction and other land loans outstanding were 109,175,000; total other real estate loans outstanding were 801,706,000, total equity loans and lines of credit were 123,581,000 and total consumer installment loans outstanding were 40,252,000. Our loans are collateralized by real estate, listed securities, savings and time deposits, automobiles, inventory, accounts receivable, machinery and equipment. 
 In addition to acquisitions, we have experienced organic growth by expanding our branch network. Management of the Bank analyzes its branch network on an ongoing basis to determine whether to open new branches or consolidate or eliminate existing branches in the future. 
 No individual or single group of related accounts is considered material in relation to the Bank s assets or deposits, or in relation to our overall business. We attract deposits from individual and commercial customers. No single customer or group of related customers accounts for a material portion of our deposits such that the loss of any one or more would have a material adverse effect on our business. However, at December 31, 2022 approximately 82.5 of our loan portfolio held for investment consisted of loans secured by real estate, including construction loans, equity loans and lines of credit and 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 commercial loans secured by real estate and 14.3 consisted of commercial loans. See Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Currently, our business activities are primarily concentrated in Fresno, Madera, Merced, Placer, Sacramento, San Joaquin, Stanislaus, and Tulare Counties in California. Consequently, our results of operations and financial condition are dependent upon the general economic trends in our market area and, in particular, the residential and commercial real estate markets. Further, our concentration of operations in this area of California exposes us to greater risk than other banking companies with a wider geographic base. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The banking business in California generally, and our primary service area specifically, is highly competitive with respect to both loans and deposits, and is dominated by a relatively small number of major banks with many offices operating over a wide geographic area. Among the advantages such major banks have over us is their ability to finance wide-ranging advertising campaigns and to allocate their investment assets, including loans, to regions of higher yield and demand. Major banks offer certain services such as international banking and trust services which we do not offer directly but which we usually can offer indirectly through correspondent institutions. To compete effectively, we rely substantially on local promotional activity, personal contacts by our officers, directors and employees, referrals by our shareholders, personalized service and our reputation in the communities we serve. 
 Our total market share of deposits in Fresno, Madera, San Joaquin, and Tulare counties was 3.66 in 2022 compared to 3.83 in 2021 based on FDIC deposit market share information published each year as of June. In Fresno and Madera Counties, in addition to our 10 full-service branch locations serving the Bank s primary service areas, as of June 30, 2022 there were 121 operating banking and credit union offices in our primary service area, which consists of the cities of Clovis, Fresno, Kerman, Oakhurst, Madera, and Prather, California. Prather does not contain any banking offices other than our branch location. In San Joaquin County, in addition to our two full service branch locations, as of June 30, 2022 there were 92 operating banking and credit union offices. In Tulare County, in addition to our three branches there were 44 operating banking and credit union offices in our primary service area. Our total market share in the other counties we operate in (El Dorado, Merced, Placer, Sacramento, and Stanislaus), was less than 1.00 as of 2022 and 2021. In Merced County, in addition to our one branch, as of June 30, 2022 there were 26 operating banking and credit union offices in our primary service area. In Sacramento County, in addition to our two branches, as of June 30, 2022 there were 181 operating banking and credit union offices in our primary service area. In Stanislaus County, in addition to our one branch, there were 77 operating banking and credit union offices in our primary service area. In Placer County, in addition to our one branch, there were 76 operating banking and credit union offices in our primary service area. Business activity in our primary service area is oriented toward light industry, small business and agriculture. 
 By virtue of their greater total capitalization, larger banks have substantially higher lending limits than we do. Legal lending limits to an individual customer are limited to a percentage of our total capital. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank s legal lending limits to individual customers were 37,759,000 for unsecured loans and 62,931,000 for unsecured and secured loans combined. 
 For borrowers desiring loans in excess of the Bank s lending limits, the Bank seeks to make such loans on a participation basis with other financial institutions. Banks also compete with money market funds and other money market instruments, which are not subject to interest rate ceilings. In recent years, increased competition has also developed from specialized finance and non-finance companies that offer wholesale finance, credit card, and other consumer finance services, including online banking services and personal finance software. Competition for deposit and loan products remains strong, from both banking and non-banking firms, and affects the rates of those products as well as the terms on which they are offered to customers. 
 Technological innovation continues to contribute to greater competition in domestic and international financial services markets. Technological innovation has, for example, made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer customers automated transfer payment services that previously have been traditional banking products. In addition, customers now expect a choice of several delivery systems and channels, including telephone, mail, home computer, ATMs, remote deposit, mobile banking applications, self-service branches, and in-store branches. 
 Mergers between financial institutions have placed additional pressure on banks to streamline their operations, reduce expenses, and increase revenues to remain competitive. In addition, competition has intensified due to federal and state interstate banking laws, which permit banking organizations to expand geographically with fewer restrictions than in the past. Such laws allow banks to merge with other banks across state lines, thereby enabling banks to establish or expand banking operations in our market. The competitive environment also is significantly impacted by federal and state legislation, which may make it easier for non-bank financial institutions to compete with us. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Supervision and Regulation 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 Banking is a complex, highly regulated industry. Regulation and supervision by federal and state banking agencies are intended to maintain a safe and sound banking system, protect depositors and the FDIC s insurance fund, and to facilitate the conduct of sound monetary policy. In furtherance of these goals, Congress and the states have created several largely autonomous regulatory agencies and enacted numerous laws that govern banks, bank holding companies and the financial services industry. Consequently, the growth and earnings performance of the Company can be affected not only by management decisions and general economic conditions, but also by the requirements of applicable state and federal statutes, regulations and the policies of various governmental regulatory authorities, including the Federal Reserve, FDIC, DFPI and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ). Furthermore, tax laws administered by the Internal Revenue Service and state taxing authorities, accounting rules developed by the FASB, securities laws administered by the SEC and state securities authorities, anti-money laundering laws enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, or Treasury, and mortgage related rules, including with respect to loan securitization and servicing by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development and agencies such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, also impact our business. The statutes, regulations, regulatory policies and rules are significant to our financial condition and results of operations. Further, the nature and extent of future legislative, regulatory or other changes affecting financial institutions are impossible to predict with any certainty. 
 Federal and state banking laws impose a comprehensive system of supervision, regulation and enforcement on the operations of banks, their holding companies and their affiliates. These laws are intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund and bank customers rather than shareholders. Federal and state laws, and the related regulations of the bank regulatory agencies, affect, among other things, the scope of business, the kinds and amounts of investments banks may make, reserve requirements, capital levels relative to operations, the nature and amount of collateral for loans, the establishment of branches, the ability to merge, consolidate and acquire other financial institutions, dealings with insiders and affiliates, and the payment of dividends. 
 This supervisory and regulatory framework subjects banks and bank holding companies to regular examination by their respective regulatory agencies, which results in examination reports and ratings that, while not publicly available, can affect the conduct and growth of their businesses. These examinations consider not only compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but also capital levels, asset quality and risk, management ability and performance, earnings, liquidity, and various other factors. The regulatory agencies have broad discretion to impose restrictions and limitations on the operations of a regulated entity where the agencies determine, among other things, that such operations are unsafe or unsound, fail to comply with applicable law or are otherwise inconsistent with laws and regulations or with the supervisory policies of these agencies. 
 The following is a summary of the material elements of the supervisory and regulatory framework applicable to the Company and its bank subsidiary. It does not describe all of the statutes, regulations and regulatory policies that apply, nor does it restate all of the requirements of those that are described. The descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference to the particular statutory or regulatory provision. 
 
 BANK HOLDING COMPANY REGULATION 
 
 The Company, as a bank holding company, is subject to regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended BHC Act ), and the supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve. Pursuant to the BHC Act, we are required to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before we may acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any bank, or ownership or control of voting shares of any bank if, after giving effect to such acquisition, we would own or control, directly or indirectly, more than 5 of the voting shares of such bank. 
 Under the BHC Act, we may not engage in any business other than managing or controlling banks or furnishing services to our subsidiaries that the Federal Reserve deems to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident to banking. Bank holding companies that qualify and elect to be treated as financial holding companies may engage in a broad range of additional activities that are (i) financial in nature or incidental to such financial activities or (ii) complementary to a financial activity and do not pose a substantial risk to the safety and soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally. These activities include securities underwriting and dealing, insurance underwriting and making merchant banking investments. We have not elected to be treated as a financial holding company and currently have no plans to make a financial holding company election. 
 We are also prohibited, with certain exceptions, from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any company unless the company is engaged in banking activities or the Federal Reserve determines that the activity is so closely related to banking to be a proper incident to banking. The Federal Reserve s approval must be obtained before the shares of any such company can be acquired and, in certain cases, before any approved company can open new offices. 
 The BHC Act, the Federal Reserve regulations, and general corporate law also impose certain constraints on the payment of dividends and the redemption or purchase by a bank holding company of its own shares of stock. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to Dodd-Frank, bank holding companies are required to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary banks. As such, the Company is expected to commit resources to support the Bank, including at times when the Company may not be in a financial position to do so. The Company must stand ready to use its available resources to provide adequate capital to the subsidiary bank during periods of financial stress or adversity. The Company must also maintain the financial flexibility and capital raising capacity to obtain additional resources to assist the Bank. The Company s failure to meet its source of strength obligations may constitute an unsafe and unsound practice, a violation of the applicable regulations, or both. The source of strength doctrine most directly affects bank holding companies where a bank holding company s subsidiary bank fails to maintain adequate capital levels. In such a situation, the subsidiary bank will be required by its federal regulator to take prompt corrective action. Any capital loans by a bank holding company to a subsidiary bank are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of such bank. 
 In addition, banking subsidiaries of bank holding companies are subject to certain restrictions imposed by federal law in dealings with their holding companies and other affiliates. Transactions between affiliates are subject to Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act (the FRA ). Regulation W codifies interpretive guidance with respect to affiliate transactions. Subject to certain exceptions, a bank subsidiary can make loans and other extensions of credit, investments and asset purchases, as well as certain other transactions involving the transfer of value to or for the benefit of an affiliate if such transactions with one affiliate do not exceed 10 of such bank subsidiary s capital and surplus, or 20 of such bank subsidiary s capital and surplus for all transactions with affiliates in the aggregate. Such transactions must be on terms and conditions that are consistent with safe and sound banking practices and on terms that are not more favorable than those provided to a non-affiliate. A bank and its subsidiaries generally may not purchase a low-quality asset, as defined in the FRA, from an affiliate. Such restrictions also generally prevent a holding company and its other affiliates from borrowing from a banking subsidiary of the holding company unless the loans are secured by collateral. 
 A holding company and its banking subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tie-in arrangements in connection with any extension of credit, sale or lease of property or provision of services. For example, with certain exceptions a bank may not condition an extension of credit on a customer obtaining other services provided by it, a holding company or any of its other bank affiliates, or on a promise by the customer not to obtain other services from a competitor. 
 The Federal Reserve has cease and desist powers over parent bank holding companies and non-banking subsidiaries where actions of a parent bank holding company or its non-financial institution subsidiaries represent an unsafe or unsound practice or violation of law. 
 The Federal Reserve has the authority to regulate debt obligations (other than commercial paper) issued by bank holding companies by imposing interest ceilings and reserve requirements on such debt obligations. Further, we are required by the Federal Reserve to maintain certain capital levels. See Capital Standards. 
 We are also a bank holding company within the meaning of Section 1280 of the California Financial Code. As such, we and our subsidiaries are subject to examination by the DFPI. 
 
 REGULATION OF THE BANK 
 
 Banks are extensively regulated under both federal and state law. The Bank, as a California state-chartered bank, is subject to primary supervision, regulation and periodic examination by the DFPI and the FDIC. The Bank is not a member of the Federal Reserve System, but it is nevertheless subject to certain Federal Reserve regulations. 
 The Bank is a member of the FDIC, and is subject to the rules and regulations of the FDIC. The FDIC currently insures the deposits of insured depository institutions, including all non-interest bearing transaction accounts, up to the standard maximum deposit insurance amount of 250,000 for each deposit insurance ownership category. For this protection, the Bank is required to pay a semi-annual statutory assessment. 
 Various remedies are available to the FDIC if it determines during an examination that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, or other aspects of the Bank s operations are unsatisfactory or that the Bank or its management is violating or has violated any law or regulation. Such remedies include the power to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to require affirmative action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in capital, to restrict the growth of the Bank, to assess civil monetary penalties, to remove officers and directors, and ultimately to terminate the Bank s deposit insurance, which for a California state-chartered bank would result in a revocation of the Bank s charter. The DFPI has many of the same remedial powers. 
 Various requirements and restrictions under the laws of the State of California and the United States affect the operations of the Bank. State and federal statutes and regulations relate to many aspects of the Bank s operations, including standards for safety and soundness, reserves against deposits, interest rates payable on deposits, loans, investments, mergers and acquisitions, borrowings, dividends, locations of branch offices, fair lending requirements, Community Reinvestment Act activities, and loans to affiliates. 
 Depositor Preference. In the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors of the institution, including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors, and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver, will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution. If an insured depository institution fails, insured and uninsured depositors along with the FDIC, will have priority in 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 payment ahead of unsecured, non-deposit creditors, including the parent bank holding company, with respect to any extensions of credit they have made to such insured depository institution. 
 Brokered Deposit Restrictions. Well-capitalized institutions are not subject to limitations on brokered deposits, while an adequately capitalized institution is able to accept, renew or roll over brokered deposits only with a waiver from the FDIC and subject to certain restrictions on the yield paid on such deposits. Undercapitalized institutions are generally not permitted to accept, renew, or roll over brokered deposits. The Bank is eligible to accept brokered deposits without limitations. 
 Loans to Directors, Executive Officers and Principal Shareholders. The authority of the Bank to extend credit to its directors, executive officers and principal shareholders, including their immediate family members and entities that they control, is subject to substantial restrictions and requirements under Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the FRA and Regulation O promulgated thereunder, as well as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. These statutes and regulations impose specific limits on the amount of loans the Bank may make to directors and other insiders, and specified approval procedures must be followed in making loans that exceed certain amounts. In addition, all loans the Bank makes to directors and other insiders must satisfy the following requirements: 
 the loans must be made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with persons not affiliated with the Bank; 
 the Bank must follow credit underwriting procedures at least as stringent as those applicable to comparable transactions with persons who are not affiliated with the Bank; and 
 the loans must not involve a greater than normal risk of non-payment or include other features not favorable to the Bank. 
 Furthermore, the Bank must periodically report all loans made to directors and other insiders to the bank regulators, and these loans are closely scrutinized by the regulators for compliance with Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the FRA and Regulation O. Each loan to directors or other insiders must be pre-approved by the Bank s Board of Directors with the interested director abstaining from voting. 
 PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS AND STOCK REPURCHASES 
 
 The Company s shareholders are entitled to receive dividends when and as declared by our Board of Directors, out of funds legally available, subject to the dividends preference, if any, on preferred shares that may be outstanding. The principal source of cash revenue to the Company is dividends received from the Bank. The Bank s ability to make dividend payments to the Company is subject to state and federal regulatory restrictions. 
 The Company s ability to pay dividends to its shareholders is affected by both general corporate law considerations and the policies of the Federal Reserve applicable to bank holding companies. As a general matter, the Federal Reserve has indicated that the board of directors of a bank holding company should eliminate, defer or significantly reduce dividends to shareholders if: (i) the bank holding company s net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends or (ii) the prospective rate of earnings retention is inconsistent with the bank holding company s capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition. If the Company fails to adhere to these policies, the Federal Reserve could find that the Company is operating in an unsafe and unsound manner. See Supervision and Regulation-Regulatory Capital Requirements below. 
 Subject to exceptions for well-capitalized and well-managed holding companies, Federal Reserve regulations also require approval of holding company purchases and redemptions of its securities if the gross consideration paid exceeds 10 of consolidated net worth for any 12-month period. In addition, Federal Reserve policy requires that bank holding companies consult with and inform the Federal Reserve in advance of (i) redeeming or repurchasing capital instruments when experiencing financial weakness and (ii) redeeming or repurchasing common stock and perpetual preferred stock if the result will be a net reduction in the amount of such capital instruments outstanding for the quarter in which the reduction occurs. 
 As a California corporation, the Company is subject to the limitations of California law, which allows a corporation to distribute cash or property to shareholders, including a dividend or repurchase or redemption of shares, if the corporation meets either a retained earnings test or a balance sheet test. Under the retained earnings test, the Company may make a distribution from retained earnings to the extent that its retained earnings exceed the sum of (i) the amount of the distribution plus (ii) the amount, if any, of dividends in arrears on shares with preferential dividend rights. The Company may also make a distribution under the balance sheet test if, immediately after the distribution, the value of its assets equals or exceeds the sum of (i) its total liabilities plus (ii) the liquidation preference of any shares which have a preference upon dissolution over the rights of shareholders receiving the distribution. Indebtedness is not considered a liability if the terms of such indebtedness provide that payment of principal and interest thereon are to be made only if, and to the extent that, a distribution to shareholders could be made under the balance sheet test. In addition, the Company may not make distributions if it is, or as a result of the distribution would be, likely to be unable to meet its liabilities (except those whose payment is otherwise adequately provided for) as they mature. 
 Dividends payable by the Bank to the Company are restricted under California law to the lesser of the Bank s retained earnings, or the Bank s net income for the latest three (3) fiscal years, less dividends paid during that period, or, with the approval of the DFPI, to the greater of the retained earnings of the Bank, the net income of the Bank for its last fiscal year or the net income of the Bank for its current fiscal year. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to the regulations concerning minimum uniform capital adequacy requirements described below, the FDIC has established guidelines regarding the maintenance of an adequate allowance for credit losses. Therefore, the future payment of cash dividends by the Bank will generally depend, in addition to regulatory constraints, upon the Bank s earnings during any fiscal period, the assessment by the Board of Directors of the capital requirements of the Bank and other factors, including the maintenance of an adequate allowance for credit losses. 
 
 REGULATORY CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS 
 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies, which are required to take prompt corrective action with respect to any depository institution that does not meet minimum capital requirements. Our capital ratios exceed the required minimums for capital adequacy, and the Bank meets the definition for a well capitalized institution. 
 Capital rules (the Rules adopted by Federal banking regulators (including the Federal Reserve and the FDIC) generally recognize three components, or tiers, of capital: common equity Tier 1 capital, additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital. Common equity Tier 1 capital generally consists of retained earnings and common stock instruments (subject to certain adjustments), as well as accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI except to the extent that the Company and the Bank exercise a one-time irrevocable option to exclude certain components of AOCI. Both the Company and the Bank made this election in 2015. Additional Tier 1 capital generally includes non-cumulative preferred stock and related surplus subject to certain adjustments and limitations. Tier 2 capital generally includes certain capital instruments (such as subordinated debt) and portions of the amounts of the allowance for credit losses, subject to certain requirements and deductions. The term Tier 1 capital means common equity Tier 1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital, and the term total capital means Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital. 
 The Rules generally measure an institution s capital using four capital measures or ratios. The common equity Tier 1 capital ratio is the ratio of the institution s common equity Tier 1 capital to its total risk-weighted assets. The Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio is the ratio of the institution s Tier 1 capital to its total risk-weighted assets. The total risk-based capital ratio is the ratio of the institution's total capital to its total risk-weighted assets. The Tier 1 leverage ratio is the ratio of the institution s Tier 1 capital to its average total consolidated assets. To determine risk-weighted assets, assets of an institution are generally placed into a risk category as prescribed by the regulations and given a percentage weight based on the relative risk of that category. An asset s risk-weighted value will generally be its percentage weight multiplied by the asset s value as determined under generally accepted accounting principles. In addition, certain off-balance-sheet items are converted to balance-sheet credit equivalent amounts, and each amount is then assigned to one of the risk categories. An institution s federal regulator may require the institution to hold more capital than would otherwise be required under the Rules if the regulator determines that the institution s capital requirements under the Rules are not commensurate with the institution's credit, market, operational or other risks. 
 To be adequately capitalized, both the Company and the Bank are required to have a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 4.5 or more, a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4.0 or more, a Tier 1 risk-based ratio of 6.0 or more and a total risk-based ratio of 8.0 or more. In addition to the preceding requirements, both the Company and the Bank are required to maintain a conservation buffer, consisting of common equity Tier 1 capital, which is at least 2.5 above each of the required minimum levels. An institution that does not meet the conservation buffer will be subject to restrictions on certain activities including payment of dividends, stock repurchases and discretionary bonuses to executive officers. 
 The Rules set forth the manner in which certain capital elements are determined, including but not limited to, requiring certain deductions related to mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets. The Rules permit holding companies with less than 15 billion in total assets as of December 31, 2009 (which includes the Company) to continue to include trust preferred securities issued prior to May 19, 2010 in Tier 1 capital, generally up to 25 of other Tier 1 capital. 
 The Rules also prescribe the methods for calculating certain risk-based assets and risk-based ratios. Higher or more sensitive risk weights are assigned to various categories of assets, among which are credit facilities that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property, certain exposures or credits that are 90 days past due or are nonaccrual, foreign exposures, certain corporate exposures, securitization exposures, equity exposures and in certain cases mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets. 
 
 BANK SECRECY ACT/ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING REGULATIONS 
 
 We are subject to federal laws aiming to counter money laundering and terrorist financing, as well as transactions with persons, companies and foreign governments sanctioned by the United States. These laws include, among others, the USA PATRIOT Act, the Bank Secrecy Act BSA ), and the Anti-Money Laundering Act AMLA ). Financial institutions are subject to prohibitions against specified financial transactions and account relationships as well as enhanced due diligence and identifying customers when establishing new relationships and standards in their dealings with high risk customers, foreign financial institutions, and foreign individuals and entities. The Customer Due Diligence final rule clarified and strengthened customer due diligence requirements for U.S. financial institutions, aiming to improve financial transparency and prevent 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 criminals and terrorists from misusing companies to disguise their illicit activities and launder their ill-gotten gains. The Bank has extensive controls in place to comply with these requirements. 
 In 2021, U.S. bank secrecy and anti-money laundering laws underwent a comprehensive reform and modernization, part of which was the adoption of AMLA. Among other things, it codified a risk-based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions. AMLA requires financial institutions to develop standards for evaluating technology and internal processes for BSA compliance, expands enforcement-related and investigation-related authority, institutes BSA whistleblower initiatives and protections, and increases sanctions for certain BSA violations. The Bank has established policies and procedures that it believes comply with these requirements. 
 The Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC is a financial intelligence and enforcement agency of the U.S. Treasury Department, which administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions based on U.S. foreign policy and national security goals against targeted foreign countries and regimes. The OFAC regulations require financial institutions to block or reject payments, transfers, withdrawals or other dealings with respect to accounts and assets of designated targets and countries that are identified as being a threat to national security. This may also include dealings with accounts and assets of nationals of a sanctioned country and with other specially designated individuals (such as designated narcotics traffickers). Financial institutions are also required to report all blocked transactions to OFAC within 10 business days of the occurrence. The Bank has extensive controls in place to comply with these requirements. 
 
 PRIVACY AND DATA SECURITY 
 
 The Gramm-Leach Bliley Act of 1999 GLBA imposes requirements on financial institutions with respect to consumer privacy and disclosure of non-public personal information. The GLBA generally prohibits disclosure of consumer information to most nonaffiliated third parties unless the consumer has been given the opportunity to object and has not objected to such disclosure. In addition, the California Financial Information Privacy Act CFIPA also requires a financial institution to provide specific information to a consumer related to the sharing of that consumer s nonpublic personal information. The CFIPA allows a consumer to direct the financial institution not to share his or her nonpublic personal information with affiliated or nonaffiliated companies with which a financial institution has contracted to provide financial products and services, and requires that permission from each such consumer be acquired by a financial institution prior to sharing such information. Financial institutions are required to implement policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of nonpublic personal information about consumers to non-affiliated third parties. In general, financial institutions must provide explanations to consumers on policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of such nonpublic personal information and, except as otherwise required by law, prohibit disclosing such information. In addition, California recently enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which gives consumers more control over the personal information that businesses collect about them. The CCPA includes new privacy rights including the right to know about the personal information a business collects about them and how it is used and shared; the right to delete personal information collected from them (with some exceptions); the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information; and the right to non-discrimination for exercising their CCPA rights. The CCPA was further expanded by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, which became effective on January 1, 2023, and provided additional privacy rights to California residents and created a new agency tasked with implementing and enforcement of privacy laws in California. Businesses (including financial institutions) are required to give consumers certain notices explaining their privacy rights. The Bank has implemented privacy policies addressing these restrictions which are distributed regularly to all existing and new customers of the Bank. 
 The federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted guidelines for safeguarding confidential, personal customer information. These guidelines require financial institutions to create, implement and maintain a comprehensive written information security program designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer information, protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information and protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer. Recently adopted regulations also require financial institutions to notify their primary federal regulator of any significant computer-security incidents. The Bank has adopted a customer information security program to comply with such requirements. 
 State regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. Recently, several states, including California where we conduct substantially all our banking business, have adopted laws and/or regulations requiring certain financial institutions to implement cybersecurity programs and providing detailed requirements with respect to these programs, including data encryption requirements. Many such states (including California) have also recently implemented or modified their data breach notification and data privacy requirements. We continue to monitor relevant legislative and regulatory developments in California where nearly all our customers are located and evaluate their impact on the Bank. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we rely on electronic communications and information systems to conduct our operations and to store sensitive data. We employ a variety of preventative and detective tools to monitor, block, and provide alerts regarding suspicious activity, as well as to report on any suspected advanced persistent threats. Risks and exposures related to cybersecurity attacks are expected to remain high for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats, as well as due to the expanding use of Internet banking, mobile banking and other technology-based products and services by us and our customers. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

COMMUNITY REINVESTMENT ACT 
 
 The Community Reinvestment Act CRA is intended to encourage insured depository institutions, while operating safely and soundly, to help meet the credit needs of their communities. The CRA specifically directs the federal bank regulatory agencies, in examining insured depository institutions, to assess their record of helping to meet the credit needs of their entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods, consistent with safe and sound banking practices. The CRA further requires the agencies to take a financial institution s record of meeting its community credit needs into account when evaluating applications for, among other things, domestic branches, consummating mergers or acquisitions or holding company formations. The federal banking agencies have adopted regulations which measure a bank s compliance with its CRA obligations on a performance based evaluation system. This system bases CRA ratings on an institution s actual lending service and investment performance rather than the extent to which the institution conducts needs assessments, documents community outreach or complies with other procedural requirements. The ratings range from outstanding to a low of substantial noncompliance. The Bank had a CRA rating of satisfactory as of its most recent regulatory examination. 
 The federal banking agencies have issued proposed amendments to modernize the CRA regulatory framework, partly to address changes that have occurred due to the rise in digital banking. 
 
 CONSUMER PROTECTION LAWS AND REGULATIONS 
 
 The bank regulatory agencies are focusing greater attention on compliance with consumer protection laws and their implementing regulations. Examination and enforcement have become more intense in nature, and insured institutions have been advised to monitor carefully compliance with such laws and regulations. The Bank is subject to many federal consumer protection statutes and regulations, some of which are discussed below. 
 The Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA) generally prohibits discrimination in any credit transaction, whether for consumer or business purposes, on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, age, receipt of income from public assistance programs, or good faith exercise of any rights under the Consumer Credit Protection Act. 
 The Truth in Lending Act (TILA) is designed to ensure that credit terms are disclosed in a meaningful way so that consumers may compare credit terms more readily and knowledgeably. As a result of TILA, all creditors must use the same credit terminology to express rates and payments, including the annual percentage rate, the finance charge, the amount financed, the total of payments and the payment schedule, among other things. 
 The Fair Housing Act (FHA) regulates many practices, including making it unlawful for any lender to discriminate in its housing-related lending activities against any person because of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, handicap or familial status. A number of lending practices have been found by the courts to be, or may be considered, illegal under the FHA, including some that are not specifically mentioned in the FHA itself. 
 The Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA) grew out of public concern over credit shortages in certain urban neighborhoods. It seeks to provide public information showing whether financial institutions are serving the housing credit needs of the neighborhoods and communities in which they are located. HMDA also includes a fair lending aspect that requires the collection and disclosure of data about applicant and borrower characteristics as a way of identifying possible discriminatory lending patterns and enforcing anti-discrimination statutes. 
 Finally, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (RESPA) requires lenders to provide borrowers with disclosures regarding the nature and cost of real estate settlements. RESPA also prohibits certain abusive practices, such as kickbacks, and places limitations on the amount of escrow accounts. Penalties under the above laws may include fines, reimbursements and other civil money penalties. 
 Due to heightened regulatory concern related to compliance with the consumer protection laws, the Bank may incur additional compliance costs or be required to expend additional funds for investments in its local community. 
 
 CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION BUREAU 
 
 Dodd-Frank created a new, independent federal agency, the CFPB, which was granted broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement powers under various federal consumer financial protection laws. The CFPB is also authorized to engage in consumer financial education, track consumer complaints, request data and promote the availability of financial services to underserved consumers and communities. Although financial institutions are subject to rules adopted by the CFPB and examination by the CFPB in conjunction with examinations by the institution s primary federal regulator, the CFPB has primary examination and enforcement authority over financial institutions with total consolidated assets of 10 billion or more. The FDIC has primary responsibility for examination of the Bank and enforcement with respect to federal consumer protection laws so long as the Bank has total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion, and state authorities are responsible for monitoring our compliance with all state consumer laws. The CFPB also has the authority to require reports from financial institutions with less than 10 billion in assets, such as the Bank, to support the CFPB in implementing federal consumer protection laws, supporting examination activities, and assessing and detecting risks to consumers and financial markets. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 The consumer protection provisions of Dodd-Frank and the examination, supervision and enforcement of those laws and implementing regulations by the CFPB have created a more intense and complex environment for consumer finance regulation. The CFPB has significant authority to implement and enforce federal consumer finance laws, as well as the authority to identify and prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices (UDAAP). Prevention of such acts and practices is a continuing focus of the CFPB, and of banking regulators more broadly. The ultimate impact of this heightened scrutiny is uncertain but could result in changes to pricing, practices, products and procedures. It could also result in increased costs related to regulatory oversight, supervision and examination, additional remediation efforts and possible penalties. In addition, Dodd-Frank provides the CFPB with broad supervisory, examination and enforcement authority over various consumer financial products and services, including the ability to require reimbursements and other payments to customers for alleged legal violations and to impose significant penalties, as well as injunctive relief that prohibits lenders from engaging in allegedly unlawful practices. The CFPB also has the authority to obtain cease and desist orders providing for affirmative relief or monetary penalties. 
 Dodd-Frank does not prevent states from adopting stricter consumer protection standards. State regulation of financial products and potential enforcement actions could also adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In California, the DFPI was given broad jurisdiction and sweeping new authorities that closely resemble those of the CFPB. The DFPI stated that it intends to exercise its powers to protect consumers from unlawful, unfair, deceptive, and abusive practices in connection with consumer financial products or services. The DFPI also as a matter of state law can now enforce the Dodd-Frank Act s UDAAP provisions against any person offering or providing consumer financial products in the state of California. Going forward, financial institutions in California are likely to be faced with a powerful state financial services regulatory regime with expansive enforcement authority, and it is unclear how the DFPI and its enforcement activities will affect the Bank in the future. 
 
 DEPOSIT INSURANCE 
 
 The FDIC is an independent federal agency that insures deposits up to prescribed statutory limits of federally insured banks and savings institutions and safeguards the safety and soundness of the banking and savings industries. The FDIC insures the Bank s customer deposits through the Deposit Insurance Fund (the DIF up to prescribed limits for each depositor. The maximum deposit insurance amount is currently 250,000 for each account ownership category at each depository institution. The amount of FDIC assessments paid by each DIF member institution is based on its relative risk of default as measured by regulatory capital ratios and other supervisory factors. 
 The Bank is subject to deposit insurance assessments to maintain the DIF. Dodd-Frank increased the minimum designated reserve ratio of the DIF to 1.35 of the estimated amount of total insured deposits as of September 30, 2020, and eliminated the requirement that the FDIC pay dividends to depository institutions when the reserve ratio exceeds certain thresholds. At least semi-annually, the FDIC updates its loss and income projections for the DIF and, if needed, may increase or decrease the assessment rates, following notice and comment on proposed rulemaking. In October 2022, the FDIC increased initial base deposit assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis points, beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. 
 We are generally unable to control the amount of premiums that we are required to pay for FDIC insurance. If there are additional bank or financial institution failures or if the FDIC otherwise determines, we may be required to pay even higher FDIC premiums than the recently increased levels. These announced increases and any future increases in FDIC insurance premiums may have a material and adverse effect on our earnings and could have a material adverse effect on the value of or market for our common stock. 
 The FDIC may terminate a depository institution s deposit insurance upon a finding that the institution s financial condition is unsafe or unsound or that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices that pose a risk to the DIF or that may prejudice the interest of the bank s depositors. The termination of deposit insurance for a bank would also result in the revocation of the bank s charter by the DFPI. 
 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Dodd-Frank requires the federal banking agencies and the SEC to establish joint regulations or guidelines prohibiting incentive-based payment arrangements at regulated entities with at least 1 billion in total consolidated assets that encourage inappropriate risks by providing an executive officer, employee, director, or principal shareholder with excessive compensation, fees, or benefits that could lead to material financial loss to the entity. In August 2022, the SEC finalized the pay versus performance regulations, which require disclosure of information that shows the relationship between executive compensation actually paid and the company s financial performance in annual proxy statements. The pay versus performance regulations are effective for fiscal years ending on or after December 16, 2022. Smaller reporting companies are subject to scaled reporting mechanism, and certain companies are exempt from the regulations. In October 2022, the SEC adopted final rules on clawback of executive compensation, which direct the stock exchanges to establish listing standards requiring listed companies to develop and implement a policy providing for the recovery of erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 received by current or former executive officers. Under the new rules, companies will have to recover compensation in excess of what the executive officer should have received in the event the companies financials are restated due to material noncompliance with securities laws. The rules apply to compensation paid in the three years leading up to restatement. We are currently assessing the impact of the new incentive compensation regulations on the Company, but do not anticipate any material impact to its operations at this time. 
 
 OTHER PENDING AND PROPOSED LEGISLATION 
 
 Other legislative and regulatory initiatives which could affect the Company and the Bank and the banking industry in general may be proposed or introduced before the United States Congress, the California legislature and other governmental bodies in the future. Such proposals, if enacted, may further alter the structure, regulation and competitive relationship among financial institutions, and may subject the Company or the Bank to increased regulation, disclosure and reporting requirements. In addition, the various banking regulatory agencies often adopt new rules and regulations to implement and enforce existing legislation. It cannot be predicted whether, or in what form, any such legislation or regulations may be enacted or the extent to which the business of the Company or the Bank would be affected thereby. 
 Specifically, although the Dodd-Frank reforms primarily targeted systemically important financial service providers, its influence has and is expected to continue to filter down in varying degrees to smaller institutions over time. In addition, some of the recent financial laws and regulations aiming to ease regulatory and compliance burden on financial institutions that were adopted during the last presidential administration could be rolled back in the near future. We will continue to evaluate the effect of other pending and proposed legislation. The impact of any future legislative or regulatory changes cannot be predicted, but they could affect the Company and the Bank, and no current assurance may be given that they will not have a negative impact on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company and the Bank. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 Our success as a financial institution in our market areas is dependent on a workforce that embrace and are dedicated to our mission and culture. Our culture is grounded in a set of core values teamwork, respect, accountability, integrity and leadership. In order to continue to deliver on our mission and maintain our culture, it is crucial that we attract and retain talent who desire and have the experience to provide creative and innovative financial solutions and options for the diverse communities we serve. Through our hiring and retention programs we aim to create an inclusive workforce with diversified backgrounds and experiences. We strive to maintain an inclusive, safe and healthy workplace, with opportunities for our employees to grow and develop in their careers, supported by advantageous compensation, medical, dental, and vision benefits, health and welfare pr ograms, pre-tax savings programs, 401k and 401k matching, and profit-sharing. 
 A s of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 262 total employees, which included 253 full-time employees and 9 part-time employees. As a financial institution, approximately 56 of our employees are employed at our banking center and loan production offices, and another 44 are employed at our Headquarters. We believe our relationship with our employees to be generally good. None of these employees are represented by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 73 of our current workforce is female, 27 male, and our average tenure is 6.37 years, as compared to 6.50 years as of December 31, 2021. 
 As part of our compensation philosophy, we offer market competitive total rewards programs for our employees in order to attract and retain superior talent. These progra ms, include annual bon us opportunities, an Employee Stock Ownership Plan, a matched 401(k) Plan, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, family care resources, flexible work schedules, adoption assistance, education reimbursement program, and employee assistance programs. 
 We encourage and support the growth and development of our associates through training and education and, wherever possible, seek to fill positions by promotion and transfer from within the organization. Additionally, all our employees are expected to display and encourage honest, ethical, and respectful conduct in the workplace. Our employees must adhere to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that sets standards for appropriate behavior and includes periodic training on preventing, identifying, reporting, and stopping discrimination of any kind. The success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our employees and encourage our employees with regular wellness challenges. 
 
 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 Copies of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 may be obtained without charge upon written request to Shannon R. Avrett, Chief Financial Officer, at the Company s administrative offices, 7100 N. Financial Dr., Suite 101, Fresno, CA 93720. The Form 10-K is available on our website: www.cvcb.com. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Inquiries regarding Central Valley Community Bancorp s accounting, internal controls or auditing concerns should be directed to Steven D. McDonald, chairman of the Board of Directors Audit Committee, at steve.mcdonald@cvcb.com or anonymously at www.hotline-services.com or Compliance Hotline at 1-855-252-7606. 
 General inquiries about Central Valley Community Bancorp or Central Valley Community Bank should be directed to LeAnn Ruiz, Assistant Corporate Secretary at 1-800-298-1775. 

ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS 
 
 An investment in our common stock is subject to risks inherent to our business. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes may affect our business are described below. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing our business. Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of or focused on or that management currently deems immaterial may also impair our business operations. This Annual Report is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. 
 
 General Business and Industry Risks 
 
 Economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our financial performance generally, and in particular the ability of our borrowers to pay interest on and repay principal of outstanding loans and the value of collateral securing those loans, as well as demand for loans and other products and services that we offer, is highly dependent upon the business environment in the markets in which we operate and in the United States as a whole. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by declines in economic growth, business activity or investor or business confidence; limitations on the availability or increases in the cost of credit and capital; increases in inflation or interest rates; high unemployment; natural disasters; terrorist attacks; disruptions in global or national supply chains; or a combination of these or other factors. 
 The Bank conducts banking operation principally in California s Central Valley. The Central Valley is largely dependent on agriculture. The agricultural economy in the Central Valley is therefore important to our financial performance, results of operations and cash flows. We are also dependent in a large part upon the business activity, population growth, income levels and real estate activity in this market area. A downturn in agriculture and the agricultural related businesses could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The agricultural industry has been affected by declines in prices and changes in yields of various crops and other agricultural commodities. Weaker prices could reduce the cash flows generated by farms and the value of agricultural land in our local markets and thereby increase the risk of default by our borrowers or reduce the foreclosure value of agricultural land and equipment that serve as collateral of our loans. Moreover, weaker prices might threaten farming operations in the Central Valley, reducing market demand for agricultural lending. In particular, farm income has seen recent declines, and in line with the downturn in farm income, farmland prices are coming under pressure. 
 
 The ongoing global COVID-19 outbreak could harm our business and results of operations, and such effects will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict. 
 
 Our business is dependent on the willingness and ability of our customers to conduct banking and other financial transactions. The ongoing COVID-19 global and national health emergency caused significant disruption in the United States and international economies and financial markets. While the level of disruption caused by, and the economic impact of, COVID-19 has lessened in 2022, there is no assurance that the pandemic will not worsen again, included as a result of the emergence of new strains of the virus. Any worsening of the pandemic and its effects on the economy could further impact our business, our provision and allowance for credit losses, and the value of certain assets that we carry on our balance sheet such as goodwill. Our customers, business partners, and third-party providers, including those who perform critical services for our business, may also be adversely affected. The ultimate risk posed by the COVID-19 pandemic remains highly uncertain; however, COVID-19 poses a material risk to our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition to being affected by general economic conditions, our earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve. An important function of the Federal Reserve is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the Federal Reserve to implement these objectives are open market operations in U.S. government securities, adjustments of the discount rate and changes in reserve requirements against bank deposits. These 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. The monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. The effects of such policies upon our business, financial condition and results of operations cannot be predicted. 
 
 We are subject to interest rate risk which, among other things, could affect our earnings and the value of certain of our assets. 
 
 Our earnings and cash flows are largely dependent on net interest income. Interest rates are sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, such as economic conditions, competition and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies, and, in particular, the fiscal and monetary policies of the Federal Reserve Board. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence not only the interest we receive on loans and investments and the amount of interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, but these changes could also affect our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits; the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities, including our securities portfolio; and the average duration of our interest-earning assets . This also includes the risk that interest-earning assets may be more responsive to changes in interest rates than interest-bearing liabilities, or vice versa, the risk that the individual interest rates or rate indices underlying various interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities may not change in the same degree over a given time period, and the risk of changing interest rate relationships across the spectrum of interest-earning asset and interest-bearing liability maturities, including a prolonged flat or inverted yield curve environment. Any substantial, unexpected, prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Liquidity risks could affect operations and jeopardize our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Liquidity is essential to our business. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of loans and/or investment securities and from other sources could have a substantial negative effect on our liquidity. Our most important source of funds consists of our customer deposits. Such deposit balances can decrease when customers perceive alternative investments, such as the stock market, as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. If customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments, we could lose a relatively low cost source of funds, which would require us to seek wholesale funding alternatives in order to continue to grow, thereby increasing our funding costs and reducing our net interest income and net income. We also rely on alternative funding sources including unsecured borrowing lines with correspondent banks, secured borrowing lines with the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco and the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, and public time certificates of deposits. Our ability to access these sources could be impaired by deterioration in our financial condition as well as factors that are not specific to us, such as a disruption in the financial markets or negative views and expectations for the financial services industry or serious dislocation in the general credit markets. In the event such a disruption should occur, our ability to access these sources could be adversely affected, both as to price and availability, which would limit or potentially raise the cost of the funds available to us. Any decline in available funding could adversely impact our ability to continue to implement our strategic plan, including our ability to originate loans, invest in securities, meet our expenses, or to fulfill obligations such as repaying our borrowings or meeting deposit withdrawal demands, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Uncertainty relating to the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") calculation process and potential phasing out of LIBOR may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 The Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom, which regulates LIBOR, will not guarantee the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis after 2021. The Federal Reserve selected a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities ("SOFR") to replace LIBOR. SOFR differs in its methodology from LIBOR in that it is backward looking and is likely to be lower than LIBOR and less likely to correlate with the funding costs of financial institutions. Whether or not SOFR attains market acceptance as a LIBOR replacement tool remains in question. In 2020 the Company began transitioning our instruments indexed to LIBOR to either a US Treasury index or a Wall Street Journal Prime Rate index. Uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes or other reforms to LIBOR may adversely affect LIBOR rates and the value of LIBOR-based loans, and to a lesser extent, securities in our portfolio, and may impact the availability and cost of hedging instruments and borrowings, including the rates we pay on our subordinated debentures and trust preferred securities. In addition, there is a risk that we may not complete our full transition to alternative indices or reference rates by the time LIBOR is no longer available. Once LIBOR rates are no longer available, we may be subject to disputes or litigation with customers and creditors over the appropriateness or comparability to LIBOR of the substitute indices, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and capital position. 
 
 Competition with other financial institutions could adversely affect our profitability. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

We face vigorous competition from banks and other financial institutions, including finance companies and credit unions. A number of these banks and other financial institutions have substantially greater resources and lending limits, larger branch systems and a wider array of banking services. To a limited extent, we also compete with other providers of financial services, such as money market mutual funds, brokerage firms, consumer finance companies, insurance companies, and fintech companies. This competition may reduce or limit our margins on banking services, reduce our market share and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, we face competition primarily from other banks in attracting, developing and retaining qualified banking professionals. 
 Whenever new banks open in our service areas, we see price competition from these new banks, as they work to establish their markets. The existence of competitors, large and small, is a normal and expected part of our operations, but in responding to the particular short-term impact on business of new entrants to the marketplace, we could see a negative impact on revenue and income. Moreover, these near term impacts could be accentuated by the seasonal impact on revenue and income generated by the borrowing and deposit habits of the agricultural community that comprises a significant component of our customer base. 
 New technology and other changes are allowing parties to effectuate financial transactions that previously required the involvement of banks. For example, consumers can maintain funds in brokerage accounts or mutual funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits. Consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. Transactions utilizing digital assets, including cryptocurrencies, stablecoins and other similar assets, have increased substantially over the course of the last several years. Accordingly, digital asset service providers, which are not currently subject to the extensive regulation as financial institutions, have become active competitors for our customers banking business. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries could result in the loss of fee income, customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and the lower cost of deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The current expected credit loss standard established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board will require significant data requirements and changes to methodologies. 
 
 In the aftermath of the 2007-2008 financial crisis, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, decided to review how banks estimate losses in the allowance for credit loss calculation, and it issued the final Current Expected Credit Loss, or CECL, standard on June 16, 2016. Currently, the impairment model used by financial institutions is based on incurred losses, and loans are recognized as impaired when there is no longer an assumption that future cash flows will be collected in full under the originally contracted terms. This model will be replaced by the CECL model in which financial institutions will be required to use historical information, current conditions, and reasonable forecasts to estimate the expected loss over the life of the loan. The CECL model will become effective for the Bank for the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2022. Management established a task force to begin the implementation process. The transition to the CECL model will require significantly greater data requirements and changes to methodologies to accurately account for expected losses. The Bank will likely be required to increase its allowance for credit losses as a result of the implementation of CECL. An increase in the allowance as a result of this standard would decrease retained earnings. 
 
 We may incur losses as a result of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including the emergence of a pandemic, terrorist attacks, extreme weather events or other natural disasters. 
 
 The occurrence of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including the emergence of additional pandemics, or other widespread health emergency (or concerns over the possibility of such an emergency), terrorist attacks, extreme terrestrial or solar weather events or other natural disasters, could create economic and financial disruptions, and could lead to operational difficulties (including travel limitations) that could impair our ability to manage our businesses. 
 
 Risks Related to our Lending Activities 
 
 Agribusiness lending presents unique credit risks. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 3.1 of our total gross loan portfolio was comprised of agribusiness loans. Repayment of agribusiness loans depends primarily on the successful planting and harvest of crops and marketing the harvested commodity or raising and feeding of livestock (including milk production). Collateral securing these loans may be illiquid. In addition, the limited purpose of some agricultural-related collateral affects credit risk because such collateral may have limited or no other uses to support values when loan repayment problems emerge. Many external factors can impact our agricultural borrowers ability to repay their loans, including adverse weather conditions, water issues, commodity price volatility, diseases, 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 land values, production costs, changing government regulations and subsidy programs, changing tax treatment, technological changes, labor market shortages/increased wages, and changes in consumers preferences, over which our borrowers may have no control. These factors, as well as recent volatility in certain commodity prices, could adversely impact the ability of those to whom we have made agribusiness loans to perform under the terms of their borrowing arrangements with us, which in turn could result in credit losses and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Because a significant portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of real estate loans, negative changes in the economy affecting real estate values and liquidity could impair the value of collateral securing our real estate loans and result in loan and other losses. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, 1,034 million, or 82.5 of our total loan and lease portfolio, consisted of real estate related loans. The real estate securing our loan portfolio is concentrated in California. The market value of real estate can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time as a result of market conditions in the geographic area in which the real estate is located. Real estate values and real estate markets are generally affected by changes in national, regional or local economic conditions, the rate of unemployment, fluctuations in interest rates and the availability of loans to potential purchasers, changes in tax laws and other governmental statutes, regulations and policies and acts of nature, such as earthquakes and natural disasters. Adverse changes affecting real estate values and the liquidity of real estate in one or more of our markets could increase the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio, significantly impair the value of property pledged as collateral on loans and affect our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure without a loss or additional losses. Such declines and losses would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Increased scrutiny by regulators of commercial real estate concentrations could restrict our activities and impose financial requirements or limits on the conduct of our business. 
 
 Banking regulators are giving commercial real estate lending greater scrutiny, and may require banks with higher levels of commercial real estate loans to implement improved underwriting, internal controls, risk management policies and portfolio stress testing, as well as possibly higher levels of allowances for losses and capital levels as a result of commercial real estate lending growth and exposures. Therefore, we could be required to raise additional capital or restrict our future growth as a result of our higher level of commercial real estate loans. 
 
 Small Business Administration lending is an important part of our business. Our SBA lending program is dependent upon the U.S. federal government, and we face specific risks associated with originating SBA loans. 
 
 Our SBA lending program is dependent upon the U.S. federal government. As an approved participant in the SBA Preferred Lender s Program (an SBA Preferred Lender ), we enable our clients to obtain SBA loans without being subject to the potentially lengthy SBA approval process necessary for lenders that are not SBA Preferred Lenders. The SBA periodically reviews the lending operations of participating lenders to assess, among other things, whether the lender exhibits prudent risk management. When weaknesses are identified, the SBA may request corrective actions or impose enforcement actions, including revocation of the lender s SBA Preferred Lender status. If we lose our status as an SBA Preferred Lender, we may lose some or all of our customers to lenders who are SBA Preferred Lenders, and as a result we could experience a material adverse effect to our financial results. Any changes to the SBA program, including but not limited to changes to the level of guarantee provided by the federal government on SBA loans, changes to program specific rules impacting volume eligibility under the guaranty program, as well as changes to the program amounts authorized by Congress may also have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, any default by the U.S. government on its obligations or any prolonged government shutdown could, among other things, impede our ability to originate SBA loans or sell such loans in the secondary market, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Because government regulation greatly affects the business and financial results of all commercial banks and bank holding companies and especially our organization, changes in the laws, regulations and procedures applicable to SBA loans could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 If our allowance for credit losses is not sufficient to cover actual loan losses, our earnings could decrease. 
 
 Our loan customers may not repay their loans according to the terms of these loans, and the collateral securing the payment of these loans may be insufficient to assure repayment. We may experience significant credit losses that could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many of our loans. We maintain an allowance for loan losses for probable incurred losses in our loan portfolio. The allowance is established through a provision for loan losses based on management s evaluation of the risks inherent in the loan portfolio and the general economy. The allowance is also appropriately increased for new loan growth. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 The allowance is based upon a number of factors, including the size of the loan portfolio, asset classifications, economic trends, industry experience and trends, industry and geographic concentrations, estimated collateral values, management s assessment of the credit risk inherent in the portfolio, historical loan loss experience and loan underwriting policies. The allowance is only an estimate of the probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio and may not represent actual losses realized over time, either of losses in excess of the allowance or of losses less than the allowance. If our assumptions prove to be incorrect, our current allowance my not be sufficient to cover future loan losses and adjustments may be necessary to allow for different economic conditions or adverse developments in our loan portfolio. Our bank regulatory agencies will periodically review our allowance for loan losses and the value attributed to nonaccrual loans or to real estate acquired through foreclosure and may require us to adjust our determination of the value for these items. These adjustments may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 Non-performing assets adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and take significant management time to resolve. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our non-performing loans and leases were 0.00 of total loans and leases compared to 0.09 at December 31, 2021, and 0.30 at December 31, 2020, and our non-performing assets (which include foreclosed real estate) were 0.00 of total assets compared to 0.04 at December 31, 2021. The allowance for credit losses as a percentage of non-performing loans and leases was 10,848.00 as of December 31, 2022 compared to 1,014.80 at December 31, 2021. Non-performing assets adversely affect our net income in various ways. We generally do not record interest income on non-performing loans or other real estate owned, thereby adversely affecting our income and increasing our loan administration costs. When we take collateral in foreclosures and similar proceedings, we are required to mark the related asset to the then fair value of the collateral, which may ultimately result in a loss. An increase in the level of non-performing assets increases our risk profile and may impact the capital levels our regulators believe are appropriate in light of the ensuing risk profile, which could result in a request to reduce our level of non-performing assets. When we reduce problem assets through loan sales, workouts, restructurings and otherwise, decreases in the value of the underlying collateral, or in these borrowers performance or financial condition, whether or not due to economic and market conditions beyond our control, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the resolution of non-performing assets requires significant commitments of time from management and our directors, which can be detrimental to the performance of their other responsibilities. There can be no assurance that we will not experience future increases in non-performing assets or that the disposition of such non-performing assets will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our focus on lending to small to mid-sized community-based businesses may increase our credit risk. 
 
 Commercial real estate and commercial business loans generally are considered riskier than single-family residential loans because they have larger balances to a single borrower or group of related borrowers. Commercial real estate and commercial business loans involve risks because the borrowers ability to repay the loans typically depends primarily on the successful operation of the businesses or the properties securing the loans. Most of the Bank s commercial real estate and commercial business loans are made to small and medium sized businesses who may have a heightened vulnerability to economic conditions. Moreover, a portion of these loans have been made by us in recent years and the borrowers may not have experienced a complete business or economic cycle. Furthermore, the deterioration of our borrowers businesses may hinder their ability to repay their loans with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are exposed to risk of environmental liabilities with respect to properties to which we take title. 
 
 In the course of our business, we may foreclose and take title to real estate, and could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these properties. While we will take steps to mitigate this risk, we may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental contamination, or we may be required to investigate or clean-up hazardous or toxic substances, or chemical releases at one or more properties. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. In addition, while there are certain statutory protections afforded lenders who take title to property through foreclosure on a loan, if we are the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, we may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the property. If we become subject to significant environmental liabilities, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We may suffer losses in our loan portfolio despite our underwriting practices. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

We mitigate the risks inherent in our loan portfolio by adhering to sound and proven underwriting practices, managed by experienced and knowledgeable credit professionals. These practices include analysis of a borrower s prior credit history, financial statements, tax returns, and cash flow projections, valuations of collateral based on reports of independent appraisers and verifications of liquid assets. Nonetheless, we may incur losses on loans that meet our underwriting criteria, and these losses may exceed the amounts set aside as reserves in our allowance for loan loss. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Securities Portfolio 
 
 We have and in the future we may be required to recognize impairment with respect to investment securities. 
 
 Our securities portfolio contains whole loan private mortgage-backed securities and currently includes securities with unrecognized losses and securities that have been downgraded to below investment grade by national rating agencies. We may continue to observe declines in the fair market value of these securities. We evaluate the securities portfolio for any other-than-temporary impairment each reporting period, as required by generally accepted accounting principles. Numerous factors, including the lack of liquidity for re-sales of certain securities, the absence of reliable pricing information for securities, adverse changes in the business climate, adverse regulatory actions or unanticipated changes in the competitive environment, could have a negative effect on our securities portfolio and results of operations in future periods. There can be no assurance, however, that future evaluations of the securities portfolio will not require us to recognize further impairment charges with respect to these and other holdings. 
 
 Risks Related to our Management 
 
 We are highly dependent on our management team, and the loss of our senior executive officers or other key employees could harm our ability to implement our strategic plan, impair our relationships with customers and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our success depends, in large degree, on the skills of our management team and our ability to retain, recruit and motivate key officers and employees. Our senior management team has significant industry experience, and their knowledge and relationships would be difficult to replace. Leadership changes will occur from time to time, and we cannot predict whether significant resignations will occur or whether we will be able to recruit additional qualified personnel. Competition for senior executives and skilled personnel in the financial services and banking industry is intense, which means the cost of hiring, paying incentives and retaining skilled personnel may continue to increase. We need to continue to attract and retain key personnel and to recruit qualified individuals to succeed existing key personnel to ensure the continued growth and successful operation of our business. In addition, as a provider of relationship-based commercial banking services, we must attract and retain qualified banking personnel to continue to grow our business, and competition for such personnel can be intense. In addition, to attract and retain personnel with appropriate skills and knowledge to support our business, we may offer a variety of benefits, which could reduce our earnings or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The loss of the services of any senior executive or other key personnel, the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, or an increase in compensation benefits could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Capital 
 
 We may be subject to more stringent capital requirements in the future. 
 
 We are subject to current and changing regulatory requirements specifying minimum amounts and types of capital that we must maintain. Our failure to comply with capital requirements may restrict the types of activities we or our subsidiaries may conduct, and we may be prohibited from taking certain capital actions, such as paying dividends and repurchasing or redeeming capital securities. While we expect to meet the requirements of the Capital Rules, we may fail to do so. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have an adverse material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, these requirements could have a negative impact on our ability to lend, grow deposit balances, make acquisitions or make capital distributions in the form of dividends or share repurchases. Higher capital levels could also lower our return on equity. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 We may not be successful in raising additional capital needed in the future. 
 
 We may need to raise additional capital in the future to provide us with sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet our commitments and business strategies. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on, among other things, conditions in the capital markets at that time which are outside of our control, and our financial performance. We cannot be assured that such capital will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Any occurrence that may limit our access to the capital markets may adversely affect our capital costs and our ability to raise capital. Moreover, if we need to raise capital in the future, we may have to do so when many other financial institutions are also seeking to raise capital and would have to compete with those institutions for investors. An inability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Growth 
 
 We may not be able to maintain our historical growth rate which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We have initiated internal asset growth programs, completed various acquisitions and opened additional offices in prior years. We may not be able to sustain our historical rate of asset growth or may not even be able to grow at all. We may not be able to obtain the financing necessary to fund additional asset growth and may not be able to find suitable candidates for acquisition. Various factors, such as economic conditions and competition, may impede or prohibit the opening of new branch offices. Further, our inability to attract and retain experienced bankers may adversely affect our internal asset growth. A significant decrease in our historical rate of asset growth could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may be unable to complete future acquisitions, and once complete, may not be able to integrate our acquisitions successfully. 
 
 Our growth strategy includes our desire to acquire other financial institutions. We may not be able to complete any future acquisitions and, for completed acquisitions, we may not be able to successfully integrate the operations, management, products and services of the entities we acquire. We may not realize expected cost savings or make revenue enhancements. Following each acquisition, we must expend substantial managerial, operating, financial and other resources to integrate these entities. In particular, we may be required to install and standardize adequate operational and control systems, deploy or modify equipment, implement marketing efforts in new as well as existing locations and employ and maintain qualified personnel. Our failure to successfully integrate the entities we acquire into our existing operations could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If the goodwill we have recorded in connection with our acquisitions becomes impaired, it could have an adverse impact on our earnings and capital. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 53,777,000 of goodwill on our balance sheet attributable to our acquisitions of the Bank of Madera County in January 2005, Service 1st Bancorp in November 2008, Visalia Community Bank in July 2013, Sierra Vista Bank in October 2016, and Folsom Lake Bank in October 2017. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, our goodwill is not amortized but rather evaluated for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that a potential impairment exists. Such evaluation is based on a variety of factors, including the quoted price of our common stock, market prices of the common stock of other banking organizations, common stock trading multiples, discounted cash flows, and data from comparable acquisitions. There can be no assurance that future evaluations of goodwill will not result in findings of impairment and write-downs, which could be material. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Reputation and Operations 
 
 Our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business, and the failure to do so may materially and adversely affect our business and the value of our common stock. 
 
 We are a community bank, and our reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. Threats to our reputation can come from many sources, including adverse sentiment about financial institutions generally, unethical practices, employee misconduct, failure to deliver minimum standards of service or quality, compliance deficiencies, and questionable or fraudulent activities of our customers. Negative publicity regarding our industry, the Bank, employees, or customers, with or without merit, may result in the loss of customers, investors and employees, costly litigation, a decline in revenues and 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 increased governmental regulation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risks and/or losses to us. 
 
 Our risk management framework is comprised of various processes, systems and strategies, and is designed to manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including, among others, credit, market, liquidity, interest rate and compliance. Our framework also includes financial or other modeling methodologies that involve management assumptions and judgment. Our risk management framework may not be effective under all circumstances and may not adequately mitigate any risk or loss to us. If our risk management framework is not effective, we could suffer unexpected losses and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We may also be subject to potentially adverse regulatory consequences. 
 
 Our business is exposed to the risk of changes in technology. 
 
 The rapid pace of technology changes and the impact of such changes on financial services generally and on our business specifically could impact our cost structure and our competitive position with our customers. Such developments include the rapid movement by customers and some competitor financial institutions to web-based services, mobile banking and cloud computing. Our failure or inability to anticipate, plan for or implement technology change could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If our information systems were to experience a system failure, our business and reputation could suffer. 
 
 We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. The computer systems and network infrastructure we use could be vulnerable to unforeseen problems. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to minimize service disruptions by protecting our computer equipment, systems, and network infrastructure from physical damage due to fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, or a similar catastrophic event. We have protective measures in place to prevent or limit the effect of the failure or interruption of our information systems, and will continue to upgrade our security technology and update procedures to help prevent such events. However, if such failures or interruptions were to occur, they could result in damage to our reputation, a loss of customers, increased regulatory scrutiny, or possible exposure to financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The occurrence of fraudulent activity, breaches or failures of our information security controls or cybersecurity-related incidents could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As a financial institution we are susceptible to fraudulent activity, information security breaches and cybersecurity-related incidents that may result in financial losses or increased costs to us or our customers, disclosure or misuse of our information or our customers information, misappropriation of assets, privacy breaches against our customers, litigation, or damage to our reputation. Such fraudulent activity may take many forms, including check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, online banking fraud, phishing, social engineering and other dishonest acts. Information security breaches and cybersecurity-related incidents may include fraudulent or unauthorized access to systems used by us or our customers, denial or degradation of service attacks, and malware or other cyber-attacks. There continues to be a rise in electronic fraudulent activity, security breaches, and cyber-attacks within the financial services industry, especially in the commercial banking sector due to cyber criminals targeting commercial bank accounts. Consistent with industry trends, we have also experienced an increase in attempted electronic fraudulent activity as well as the attempts to breach our information security in recent periods. Moreover, in recent periods, several large corporations, including financial institutions and retail companies, have suffered major data breaches, in some cases exposing not only confidential and proprietary corporate information, but also sensitive financial and other personal information of their customers and employees and subjecting them to potential fraudulent activity. Some of our customers may have been affected by these breaches, which increased their risks of identity theft, credit card fraud, and other fraudulent activity that could involve their accounts with us. 
 The secure maintenance and transmission of confidential information as well as execution of transactions over the networks and systems used for storing information and processing transactions are essential to protect us and our customers against fraud and security breaches and to maintain our customers confidence. Breaches of information security also may occur, and in infrequent, incidental, cases have occurred, through intentional or unintentional acts by those having access to our systems or our customers or counterparties confidential information, including employees. In addition, increases in criminal activity levels and sophistication, advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries, vulnerabilities in third-party technologies (including browsers and operating systems) or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the technology, processes and controls that we use to prevent fraudulent transactions and to protect data about us, our customers and underlying transactions as well as the technology used by our customers to access our systems. We have developed and continue to invest 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 in systems and processes that are designed to detect and prevent security breaches and cyber-attacks and periodically test our information security. Our inability to fully anticipate, or failure to adequately mitigate, breaches of security could result in: losses to us or our customers; our loss of business and/or customers; damage to our reputation; the incurrence of additional expenses; disruption to our business; our inability to grow our online services or other businesses; additional regulatory scrutiny or penalties; or our exposure to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our operations could be interrupted if our third-party service providers experience difficulty, terminate their services or fail to comply with banking regulations. 
 
 We depend to a significant extent on relationships with third party service providers. Specifically, we utilize third party core banking services and receive credit card and debit card services, branch capture services, Internet banking services and services complementary to our banking products from various third party service providers. These types of third party relationships are subject to increasingly demanding regulatory requirements where we must maintain and continue to enhance our due diligence and ongoing monitoring and control over our third party vendors. We may be required to renegotiate our agreements to meet these enhanced requirements, which could increase our costs. If our service providers experience difficulties or terminate their services and we are unable to replace them, our operations could be interrupted. It may be difficult for us to timely replace some of our service providers, which may be at a higher cost due to the unique services they provide. A third party provider may fail to provide the services we require, or meet contractual requirements, comply with applicable laws and regulations, or suffer a cyber-attack or other security breach. We expect that our regulators will hold us responsible for deficiencies of our third party relationships which could result in enforcement actions, including civil money penalties or other administrative or judicial penalties or fines, or customer remediation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Climate change could have a material negative impact on the Company and our customers. 
 
 The Company s business, as well as the operations and activities of our clients, could be negatively impacted by climate change. Climate change presents both immediate and long-term risks to the Company and its clients, and these risks are expected to increase over time. Climate change presents multi-faceted risks, including: operational risk from the physical effects of climate events on the Company and its clients facilities and other assets; credit risk from borrowers with significant exposure to climate risk; transition risks associated with the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy; and reputational risk from stakeholder concerns about our practices related to climate change, the Company s carbon footprint, and the Company s business relationships with clients who operate in carbon-intensive industries. 
 Federal and state banking regulators and supervisory authorities, investors, and other stakeholders have increasingly viewed financial institutions as important in helping to address the risks related to climate change both directly and with respect to their clients. This may result in financial institutions coming under increased pressure regarding the disclosure and management of their climate risks and related lending and investment activities. Given that climate change could impose systemic risks upon the financial sector, either via disruptions in economic activity resulting from the physical impacts of climate change or changes in policies as the economy transitions to a less carbon-intensive environment, the Company may face regulatory risk of increasing focus on the Company s resilience to climate-related risks, including in the context of stress testing for various climate stress scenarios. Ongoing legislative or regulatory uncertainties and changes regarding climate risk management and practices may result in higher regulatory, compliance, credit, and reputational risks and costs. 
 
 Finance and Accounting Risks 
 
 Our controls over financial reporting and related governance procedures may fail or be circumvented. 
 
 Management regularly reviews and updates our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. We maintain controls and procedures to mitigate risks such as processing system failures or errors and customer or employee fraud, and we maintain insurance coverage for certain of these risks. Any system of controls and procedures, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and provides only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Events could occur which are not prevented or detected by our internal controls, are not insured against, or are in excess of our insurance limits. Any failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures, or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our accounting estimates and risk management processes rely on analytical and forecasting models. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 The processes we use to estimate our inherent loan losses and to measure the fair value of financial instruments, as well as the processes used to estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, depends upon the use of analytical and forecasting models. These models reflect assumptions that may not be accurate, particularly in times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances. Even if these assumptions are adequate, the models may prove to be inadequate or inaccurate because of other flaws in their design or their implementation. If the models we use for interest rate risk and asset-liability management are inadequate, we may incur increased or unexpected losses upon changes in market interest rates or other market measures. If the models we use for determining our probable loan losses are inadequate, the allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to support future charge-offs. If the models we use to measure the fair value of financial instruments are inadequate, the fair value of such financial instruments may fluctuate unexpectedly or may not accurately reflect what we could realize upon sale or settlement of such financial instruments. Any such failure in our analytical or forecasting models could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We have a significant deferred tax asset and cannot assure that it will be fully realized. 
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are the expected future tax amounts for the temporary differences between the carrying amounts and tax basis of assets and liabilities computed using enacted tax rates. We regularly assess available positive and negative evidence to determine whether it is more likely than not that our net deferred tax asset will be realized. Realization of a deferred tax asset requires us to apply significant judgment and is inherently speculative because it requires estimates that cannot be made with certainty. At December 31, 2022, we had a net deferred tax asset of 43.38 million. If we were to determine at some point in the future that we will not achieve sufficient future taxable income to realize our net deferred tax asset, we would be required, under generally accepted accounting principles, to establish a full or partial valuation allowance which would require us to incur a charge to operations for the period in which the determination was made. 
 
 Risks Related to Legislative and Regulatory Developments 
 
 We are subject to extensive government regulation that could limit or restrict our activities, which, in turn, may hamper our ability to increase our assets and earnings. 
 
 Our business is highly regulated, and our operations are subject to extensive supervision and regulation by federal and state governmental regulatory authorities. We are subject to various laws, regulations, and judicial and administrative decisions imposing requirements and restrictions on our operations. Similarly, the lending, credit and deposit products we offer are subject to broad oversight and regulation. The laws, rules, regulations and supervisory guidance and policies applicable to us are subject to regular modification and change. Perennially, various laws, rules and regulations are proposed at the federal, state and local levels of government, which, if adopted, could impact our operations by making compliance much more difficult or expensive, restricting our ability to originate or sell loans or further restricting the amount of interest or other charges or fees earned on loans or other products. Current and future legal and regulatory requirements, restrictions and regulations, including those imposed under Dodd-Frank, may adversely impact our profitability and may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. While the banking regulators continue to refine existing regulations implemented after the 2007-2008 financial crisis, currently they are also focusing their attention on certain policy areas, such as climate risk, digital currencies, and technological innovation. This new focus may require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make any changes required by the legislation and accompanying rules, and may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified executive officers and employees. 
 
 Regulations relating to privacy, information security and data protection could increase our costs, affect or limit how we collect and use personal information. 
 
 We are subject to an increasing number of federal and state privacy, information security and data protection laws, and we could be negatively impacted by these laws. Various state and federal banking regulators and states have also enacted data security breach notification requirements with varying levels of individual, consumer, regulatory or law enforcement notification. Moreover, other state and federal legislators and regulators are increasingly adopting or revising privacy, information security and data protection laws that potentially could have a significant impact on our current and planned privacy, data protection and information security-related practices, as well as on our collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of consumer or employee information. 
 The effects of these privacy and data protection laws, including the cost of compliance and required changes in the manner in which we conduct our business, are not fully known and are potentially significant, and the failure to comply could adversely affect the Company. Compliance with current or future privacy, data protection and information security laws (including those regarding security breach notification) affecting customer or employee data to which we are subject could result in higher compliance and technology costs and could restrict our ability to provide certain products and services. Our 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 failure to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws could result in potentially significant regulatory or governmental investigations or actions, litigation, fines, sanctions and damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We face a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. 
 
 The Bank Secrecy Act, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain an effective anti-money laundering program and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports as appropriate. The federal Financial Crimes Enforcement Network is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the individual federal banking regulators, as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration, and Internal Revenue Service. We are also subject to scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control and compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. If our policies, procedures, and systems are deemed deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions, which may include restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us. Any of these results could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 
 We may raise additional capital, which could have a dilutive effect on the existing holders of our common stock and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 We are not restricted from issuing additional shares of common stock or securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, common stock. We frequently evaluate opportunities to access the capital markets taking into account our regulatory capital ratios, financial condition and other relevant considerations, and subject to market conditions, we may take further capital actions. Such actions could include, among other things, the issuance of additional shares of common stock in public or private transactions in order to further increase our capital levels above the requirements for a well-capitalized institution established by the federal bank regulatory agencies as well as other regulatory targets. 
 The issuance of any additional shares of common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for common stock or that represent the right to receive common stock, or the exercise of such securities including, without limitation, securities issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options under our stock option plans, could be substantially dilutive to shareholders of our common stock. Holders of our shares of common stock have no preemptive rights that entitle holders to purchase their pro rata share of any offering of shares of any class or series and, therefore, such sales or offerings could result in increased dilution to our shareholders. The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of shares of our common stock or the perception that such sales could occur. 
 
 The price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, and this may make it difficult for you to resell shares of common stock owned by you at times or at prices you find attractive. 
 
 At times, the stock market and, in particular, the market for financial institution stocks, has experienced significant volatility, which has reached unprecedented levels. In some cases, the markets have produced downward pressure on stock prices for certain issuers without regard to those issuers underlying financial strength. As a result, the trading volume in our common stock may fluctuate more than usual and cause significant price variations to occur. This may make it difficult for shareholders to resell shares of common stock at times or at prices they find attractive. The low trading volume in our common shares on the NASDAQ Capital Market means that our shares may have less liquidity than other publicly traded companies. We cannot ensure that the volume of trading in our common shares will be maintained or will increase in the future. 
 The trading price of the shares of our common stock will depend on many factors, which may change from time to time and which may be beyond our control. Broad market fluctuations have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Among the factors that could affect our stock price are: 
 actual or anticipated quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and financial condition; 
 changes in financial estimates or publication of research reports and recommendations by financial analysts or actions taken by rating agencies with respect to our common stock or those of other financial institutions; 
 failure to meet analysts revenue or earnings estimates; 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 speculation in the press or investment community generally or relating to our reputation, our market area, our competitors or the financial services industry in general; 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions; 
 actions by our institutional shareholders; 
 fluctuations in the stock price and operating results of our competitors; 
 future sales of our equity, equity-related or debt securities; 
 changes in the frequency or amount of dividends or share repurchases; 
 trading activities in our common stock, including short-selling; 
 domestic and international economic factors unrelated to our performance; and 
 general market conditions and, in particular, developments related to market conditions for the financial services industry. 
 
 An investment in our common stock is not an insured deposit. 
 
 Our common stock is not a bank deposit and, therefore, is not insured against loss by the FDIC, any other deposit insurance fund, or by any other public or private entity. Investment in our common stock is inherently risky for the reasons described in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this report and is subject to the same market forces that affect the price of common stock in any company. As a result, if you acquire our common stock, you could lose some or all of your investment. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions and federal law may limit the ability of another party to acquire us, which could cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 Various provisions of our articles of incorporation and by-laws and certain other actions we have taken could delay or prevent a third party from acquiring us, even if doing so might be beneficial to our shareholders. The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978, as amended, together with federal regulations, require that, depending on the particular circumstances, regulatory approval and/or appropriate regulatory filings may be required from either or all the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, and the DFPI prior to any person or entity acquiring control (as defined in the applicable regulations) of a state non-member bank, such as the Bank. These provisions may prevent a merger or acquisition that would be attractive to shareholders and could limit the price investors would be willing to pay in the future for our common stock. 
 
 Our dividend policy and/or share repurchase program may change without notice, and our future ability to pay dividends or repurchase or redeem shares is subject to restrictions. 
 
 Si nce 2000, our board of directors have declared quarterly cash dividends on our common stock. In 2021 our board of directors approved stock repurchase programs that authorized the repurchase of up to 702,576 shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we repurchased and retired 300,761 shares at an average price of 22.63 per share, completing the November 17, 2021 approved stock repurchase program. However, we have no obligation to continue doing so and may change our dividend policy and/or share repurchase program at any time without notice to holders of our common stock. Holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive such cash dividends, as our board of directors, in its discretion, may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Furthermore, consistent with our strategic plans, growth initiatives, capital availability, projected liquidity needs, and other factors, we have made, and will continue to make, capital management decisions and policies that could adversely affect the amount of dividends paid to holders of our common stock and the maintenance of share repurchase program. 
 We are a separate and distinct legal entity from our subsidiary, the Bank. We receive substantially all of our revenue from dividends from the Bank, which we use as the principal source of funds to pay our expenses. Various federal and/or state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that the Bank may pay us. Such limits are also tied to the earnings of our subsidiary. If the Bank does not receive regulatory approval or if the Bank s earnings are not sufficient to make dividend payments to us while maintaining adequate capital levels, our ability to pay our expenses and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 As a bank holding company, we are subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve has indicated that bank holding companies should carefully review their dividend policy in relation to the organization s overall asset quality, current and prospective earnings and level, composition and quality of capital. The guidance provides that we inform and consult with the Federal Reserve prior to declaring and paying a dividend that exceeds earnings for the period for which the dividend is being paid or that could result in an adverse change to our capital structure, including interest on our debt obligations. If required payments on our debt obligations are not made or are deferred, or dividends on any preferred stock we may issue are not paid, we will be prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 The Capital Rules also introduced a new capital conservation buffer on top of the minimum risk-based capital ratios. Failure to maintain a capital conservation buffer above certain levels will result in restrictions on the Bank s ability to make dividend payments, repurchases, redemptions or other capital distributions. These requirements, and any other new regulations or capital distribution constraints, could adversely affect the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company and, in turn, affect our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. 
 
 The holders of our debt obligations will have priority over our common stock with respect to payment in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up and with respect to the payment of interest and dividends . 
 
 The holders of our debt obligations if any, will have priority over our common stock with respect to payment in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up and with respect to the payment of interest and dividends. In any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, our common stock would rank below all claims of the holders of outstanding debt issued by the Company. As of December 31, 2022, we had 65.0 million principal amount of senior debt and subordinated notes outstanding through 2032. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had 5.15 million of trust preferred securities outstanding due 2036. In such event, holders of our common stock would not be entitled to receive any payment or other distribution of assets upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company until after all of the Company s obligations to the debt holders were satisfied and holders of the subordinated debt and trust preferred securities subordinate debentures had received any payment or distribution due to them. In addition, we are required to pay interest on the senior debt, subordinated notes, and trust preferred securities and if we are in default in the payment of interest we would not be able to pay any dividends on our common stock . 

ITEM 1B - UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 2 - DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 
 
 The Company owns the property on which full-service branch offices are situated at the following California locations: the Clovis Office, the Prather Office, the Modesto office, the Kerman office, the Visalia Floral Office, and the Exeter office. 
 All other property is leased by the Company, including the principal executive offices in Fresno, which houses the Company s corporate offices, comprised of various departments, including accounting and finance, business lending for real estate, SBA, and agribusiness, information services, human resources, loan operations, credit review administration, banking services administration, risk management, and compliance. 
 The Company continually evaluates the suitability and adequacy of the Company s offices and has a program of relocating or remodeling them as necessary to be efficient and attractive facilities. Management believes that its existing facilities are adequate for its present purposes. 
 Properties owned by the Bank are held without loans or encumbrances. All of the property leased is leased directly from independent parties. Management considers the terms and conditions of each of the existing leases to be in the aggregate favorable to the Company . See Note 9 of the Company s audited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the amount of ultimate liability with respect to such actions will not materially affect the consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations of the Company. 

ITEM 4 - MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 None to report. 

PART II 

ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Our common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol CVCY. As of March 6, 2023, we had approximately 918 shareholders of record. 
 We paid common share cash dividends of 0.48 and 0.47 per share in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s primary source of income with which to pay cash dividends is dividends from the Bank. See Note 13 in the audited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 The amount of future dividends will depend upon our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors, and will be determined by our board of directors on a quarterly basis. It is Federal Reserve policy that bank holding companies generally pay dividends on common stock only out of income available over the past year, and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization s expected future needs and financial condition. It is also Federal Reserve policy that bank holding companies not maintain dividend levels that undermine the holding company s ability to be a source of strength to its banking subsidiaries. Additionally, the Federal Reserve has indicated that bank holding companies should carefully review their dividend policy and has discouraged payment ratios that are at maximum allowable levels unless both asset quality and capital are very strong. Under the federal Prompt Corrective Action regulations, the Federal Reserve or the FDIC may prohibit a bank holding company from paying any dividends if the holding company s bank subsidiary is classified as undercapitalized. 
 As a holding company, our ability to pay cash dividends is affected by the ability of our bank subsidiary, to pay cash dividends. The ability of the Bank (and our ability) to pay cash dividends in the future and the amount of any such cash dividends is and could be in the future further influenced by bank regulatory requirements and approvals and capital guidelines. 
 The decision whether to pay dividends will be made by our board of directors in light of conditions then existing, including factors such as our results of operations, financial condition, business conditions, regulatory capital requirements and covenants under any applicable contractual arrangements, including agreements with regulatory authorities. 
 As of December 31, 2022 , we had 65.0 million principal amount of senior debt and subordinated notes outstanding through 2032. If we fail to make interest payments required by the terms of the subordinated debt we would be prohibited from paying dividends on any shares of common stock. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had 5.15 million of trust preferred securities outstanding due 2036. Under the terms of the trust preferred securities, we may defer interest payments for up to five years. But, if the Company should ever defer such interest payments, we would be prohibited from declaring or paying any cash dividends on any shares of our common stock. 
 For information on the statutory and regulatory limitations on the ability of the Company to pay dividends and on the Bank to pay dividends to Company see Item 1 - Business - Supervision and Regulation - Dividends. 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 A summary of the repurchase activity of the Company s common stock for the year ended December 31, 2022 follows. 
 Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans (1) (2) (3) Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under current plans (in thousands) 01/1/2022 - 01/31/2022 20,417 22.01 20,417 12,931 02/1/2022 - 02/28/2022 90,661 22.96 90,661 10,847 03/1/2022 - 03/31/2022 84,795 22.98 84,795 8,895 04/1/2022 - 04/30/2022 104,888 22.17 104,888 6,567 05/1/2022 - 12/31/2022 6,567 Total 300,761 22.63 300,761 
 (1) The Company approved a stock repurchase program effective November 17, 2021 with the intent to purchase an addition al 15,000,000 of the C ompany s outstanding common stock, or approximately 702,576 s hares. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and retired 300,761 share s at an approximate cost of 22.63 per s hare, completing the November 17, 2021 approved stock repurchase program. 
 (2)All share repurchases were effected in accordance with the safe harbor provisions of Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act . 

ITEM 6 - [Reserved] 

ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Management s discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited Consolidated Financial Statements, including the Notes thereto, in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 Certain matters discussed in this report constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained herein that are not historical facts, such as statements regarding the Company s current business strategy and the Company s plans for future development and operations, are based upon current expectations. These statements are forward-looking in nature and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to (1) significant increases in competitive pressure in the banking industry; (2) the impact of changes in interest rates; (3) a decline in economic conditions in the Central Valley and the Greater Sacramento Region; (4) the Company s ability to continue its internal growth at historical rates; (5) the Company s ability to maintain its net interest margin; (6) the decline in quality of the Company s earning assets; (7) a decline in credit quality; (8) changes in the regulatory environment; (9) fluctuations in the real estate market; (10) changes in business conditions and inflation; (11) changes in securities markets (12) risks associated with acquisitions, relating to difficulty in integrating combined operations and related negative impact on earnings, and incurrence of substantial expenses; (13) political developments, uncertainties or instability, catastrophic events, acts of war or terrorism, or natural disasters, such as earthquakes, drought, pandemic diseases or extreme weather events, any of which may affect services we use or affect our customers, employees or third parties with which we conduct business. Therefore, the information set forth in such forward-looking statements should be carefully considered when evaluating the business prospects of the Company. 
 
 When the Company uses in this Annual Report the words anticipate, estimate, expect, project, intend, commit, believe and similar expressions, the Company intends to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are not guarantees of performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in this Annual Report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, expected, projected, intended, committed or believed. The future results and shareholder values of the Company may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Many of the factors that will determine these results and values are beyond the Company s ability to control or predict. For those statements, the Company claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. See also the discussion of risk factors in Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 
 We are not able to predict all the factors that may affect future results. You should not place undue reliance on any forward looking statement, which speaks only as of the date of this Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by applicable laws or regulations, we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

INTRODUCTION 
 
 Central Valley Community Bancorp (NASDAQ: CVCY) (the Company) was incorporated on February 7, 2000. The formation of the holding company offered the Company more flexibility in meeting the long-term needs of customers, shareholders, and the communities it serves. The Company currently has one bank subsidiary, Central Valley Community Bank (the Bank) and one business trust subsidiary, Service 1 st Capital Trust 1. The Company s market area includes the Central Valley area from Sacramento, California to Bakersfield, California. 
 During 2022, we focused on asset quality, loan growth, and capital adequacy. We also focused on assuring that competitive products and services were made available to our clients while adjusting to the many new laws and regulations that affect the banking industry. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank operated 19 full-service offices. Additionally, the Bank maintains a Commercial Real Estate Division, an Agribusiness Center and a SBA Lending Division. The Real Estate Division processes or assists in processing the majority of the Bank s real estate related transactions, including interim construction loans for single family residences and commercial buildings. We offer permanent single family residential loans through our mortgage broker services. 

ECONOMIC CONDITIONS 
 
 Recent economics within California, the Central Valley, and Greater Sacramento Region, including unemployment rates and housing prices are showing moderate and steady improvement. We only conduct business in the state of California. 
 Agriculture and agricultural-related businesses remain a critical part of the Central Valley s economy. The Valley s agricultural production is widely diversified, producing nuts, vegetables, fruit, cattle, dairy products, and cotton. The continued future success of agriculture related businesses is highly dependent on the availability of water and is subject to fluctuation in 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 worldwide commodity prices, currency exchanges, and demand. From time to time, California experiences severe droughts or adverse weather issues, which could significantly harm the business of our customers and the credit quality of the loans to those customers. Despite a good start to the current rainy season, C alifornia has been experiencing significant drought conditions for many years which impacts surface water deliveries to customers. In reaction to these conditions, we closely monitor the surface water availability with customer specific budgeting and third party information and surveys. There are also certain regulatory impacts that limit the water than can be pumped from underground sources. Both sources are closely considered and monitored in the granting and monitoring of our loan exposures, along with related issues affecting our customers. We closely monitor the water resources and the related issues affecting our customers, and we will remain vigilant for identifying signs of deterioration within the loan portfolio in an effort to manage cred it quality and work with borrowers where possible to mitigate any losses. 
 As a whole, the loan portfolio may be subject to the impact of changes in interest rates, a decline in economic conditions in the Central Valley and the Greater Sacramento Region, and inflation. 

OVERVIEW 
 
 Diluted earnings per share (EPS) for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.27 compared to 2.31 and 1.62 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Net income for 2022 was 26,645,000 compared to 28,401,000 and 20,347,000 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in net income for 2022 compared to 2021 was driven by a reversal of provision for credit losses in 2021 compared to a provision in 2022, an increase in net realized losses on sales and calls of investment securities, compared to net gains in 2021, a decrease in loan placement fees, and an increase in non-interest expense. This was offset by an increase in net interest income, an increase in interchange fees, a decrease in the provision for income taxes, and an increase in service charge income. T otal assets at December 31, 2022 were 2,422,519,000 compared to 2,450,139,000 at December 31, 2021. 
 Return on average equity ROE for 2022 was 14.25 compared to 11.50 and 8.85 for 2021 and 2020, respectively. Return on average assets ROA for 2022 was 1.09 compared to 1.25 and 1.11 for 2021 and 2020, respectively. Total equity was 174,660,000 at December 31, 2022 compared to 247,845,000 at December 31, 2021. The decrease in shareholders equity is the result of a decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) of 88,859,000, the payment of common stock cash dividends of 5,638,000 and the repurchase and retirement of common stock of 6,814,000, offset primarily by an increase in retained earnings from our net income of 26,645,000. The decrease in AOCI was the result of an increase in the unrealized loss on the Company s investment portfolio. 
 Average total loans (including nonaccrual) increased 64,266,000 or 6.01 to 1,133,919,000 in 2022 compared to 1,069,653,000 in 2021. In 2022 we recorded a provision for credit losses of 1,000,000, compared to a reversal of provision of 4,300,000 in 2021, and a provision of 3,275,000 in 2020. The Company had no nonperforming assets at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021, nonperforming assets totaled 946,000. Net loan loss recoveries for 2022 were 248,000 compared to net loan loss recoveries in the amount of 985,000 for 2021 and net loan loss recoveries in the amount of 510,000 for 2020. Refer to Asset Quality below for further information. 
 
 Dividend Declared 
 
 The Company declared a 0.12 per common share cash dividend, payable on February 24, 2023 to shareholders of record on February 10, 2023. 
 
 Key Factors in Evaluating Financial Condition and Operating Performance 
 
 In evaluating our financial condition and operating performance, we focus on several key factors including: 
 
 Return to our shareholders; 
 Return on average assets; 
 Development of revenue streams, including net interest income and non-interest income; 
 Asset quality; 
 Asset growth; 
 Capital adequacy; 
 Operating efficiency; and 
 Liquidity. 
 
 Return to Our Shareholders 
 
 One measure of our return to our shareholders is the return on average equity (ROE), which is a ratio that measures net income divided by average shareholders equity. Our ROE was 14.25 for the year ended 2022 compared to 11.50 and 8.85 for the years ended 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Our net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 1,756,000 compared to 2021 and increased 8,054,000 in 2021 compared to 2020. Contributing to the decrease during 2022, compared to 2021, was a provision for credit losses, compared to a reversal in 2021, an increase in net realized losses on sales and calls of investment securities, compared to net gains in 2021, a decrease in loan placement fees, and an increase in non-interest expense. These were partially offset by an increase in net interest income, an increase in interchange fees, a decrease in the provision for income taxes, and an increase in service charge income. During 2021, net income compared to 2020 was impacted by a reversal in the provision for credit losses and an increase in net interest income. 
 Net interest income increased because of increases in loan and fee income and increases in interest income on investments, offset by an increase in interest expense. For 2022, our net interest margin (NIM) decreased 2 basis points to 3.52 compared to 2021 as a result of yield changes and asset mix changes. Net interest income was positively impacted by the accretion of the loan marks on acquired loans in the amount of 521,000 and 802,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, net interest income before the provision for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 benefited by approximately 649,000 in nonrecurring income from prepayment penalties and payoff of loans, as compared to 676,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Excluding these reversals and benefits, net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 7,320,000 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Non-interest income decreased 43.88 in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to a 2,231,000 increase in net realized losses on sales and calls of investment securities, a decrease of 1,012,000 in other income, and a decrease in loan placement fees of 1,075,000, partially offset by an increase in service charge income of 113,000, an increase in interchange fees of 63,000, and an increase in appreciation in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance of 145,000. 
 Non-interest expenses increased 637,000 or 1.33 to 48,479,000 in 2022 compared to 47,842,000 in 2021. The net increase year over year resulted from increases in information technology of 476,000, salaries and employee benefits of 197,000, regulatory assessments of 20,000, occupancy and equipment expenses of 249,000, donations of 28,000, general insurance of 35,000, telephone of 152,000, armored courier of 2,000, travel and mileage of 67,000, risk management expenses of 5,000, operating losses of 113,000, and advertising expenses of 30,000, partially offset by decreases in alarm expenses of 10,000, postage of 46,000, personnel of 51,000, professional services of 146,000, loan related expenses of 16,000, Internet banking expenses of 186,000, directors expenses of 140,000, stationary and supplies of 5,000, amortization of software of 15,000, and amortization of core deposit intangible of 207,000, in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 The Company recorded an income tax provision of 8,496,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 9,616,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 6,914,000 for the year ended December 31, 2020. Basic EPS was 2.27 for 2022 compared to 2.32 and 1.62 for 2021 and 2020, respectively. Diluted EPS was 2.27 for 2022 compared to 2.31 and 1.62 for 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Return on Average Assets 
 
 Our ROA is a ratio that measures our performance compared with other banks and bank holding companies. Our ROA for the year ended 2022 was 1.09 compared to 1.25 and 1.11 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The 2022 decrease in ROA is primarily due to the decrease in net income, and the increase in average assets. Annualized ROA for our peer group was 1.10 at December 31, 2022. Peer group information from S P Global Market Intelligence data includes bank holding companies in central California with assets from 1 billion to 3.5 billion. 
 
 Development of Revenue Streams 
 
 Over the past several years, we have focused on not only our net income, but improving the consistency of our revenue streams in order to create more predictable future earnings and reduce the effect of changes in our operating environment on our net income. Specifically, we have focused on net interest income through a variety of strategies, including increases in average interest earning assets, and minimizing the effects of the recent interest rate changes on our net interest margin by focusing on core deposits and managing our cost of funds. Our net interest margin (fully tax equivalent basis) was 3.52 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.54 and 3.87 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in 2022 net interest margin compared to 2021, resulted from the decrease in the yield on the Company s loan portfolio, and an increase in the balance of average interest earning assets. The effective tax equivalent yield on total earning assets increased 5 basis points, while the cost of total interest-bearing liabilities increased 16 basis points to 0.28 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our cost of total deposits in 2022 and 2021 was 0.06 and 0.05 , respectively, compared to 0.09 for the same period in 2020. Our net interest income before provision for credit losses increased 7,012,000 or 9.66 to 79,566,000 for the year ended 2022 compared to 72,554,000 and 64,423,000 for the years ended 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Our non-interest income is generally made up of service charges and fees on deposit accounts, fee income from loan placements, appreciation in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance, and net gains or losses from sales and calls of investment securities. Non-interest income in 2022 decreased 3,951,000 or 43.88 to 5,054,000 compared to 9,005,000 in 2021 and 13,797,000 in 2020. The decrease resulted primarily from an increase in net realized losses on sales and calls of 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 investment securities, compared to a gain in 2021, a decrease in loan placement fees, and a decrease in other income, partially offset by an increase in service charge income, an increase in interchange fees, an increase in FHLB dividends, and an increase in appreciation in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance compared to 2021. Further detail on non-interest income is provided below. 
 
 Asset Quality 
 
 For all banks and bank holding companies, asset quality has a significant impact on the overall financial condition and results of operations. Asset quality is measured in terms of classified and nonperforming loans, and is a key element in estimating the future earnings of a company. There were no nonperforming assets or nonperforming loans at December 31, 2022, compared to 946,000 in nonperforming assets, which were nonperforming loans, at December 31, 2021. Nonperforming assets totaled 0.09 of gross loans as of December 31, 2021. The ratio of nonperforming loans to total loans was 0.09 as of December 31, 2021. 
 The Company had no other real estate owned at December 31, 2022, or December 31, 2021. No foreclosed assets were recorded at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. Management maintains certain loans that have been brought current by the borrower (less than 30 days delinquent) on nonaccrual status until such time as management has determined that the loans are likely to remain current in future periods. 
 The allowance for credit losses as a percentage of outstanding loan balance was 0.86 as of December 31, 2022 and 0.92 as of December 31, 2021. The ratio of net recoveries to average loans was 0.02 as of December 31, 2022 and 0.09 as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Asset Growth 
 
 As revenues from both net interest income and non-interest income are a function of asset size, the continued growth in assets has a direct impact in increasing net income and therefore ROE and ROA. The majority of our assets are loans and investment securities, and the majority of our liabilities are deposits, and therefore the ability to generate deposits as a funding source for loans and investments is fundamental to our asset growth. Total assets decreased 1.13 during 2022 to 2,422,519,000 as of December 31, 2022 from 2,450,139,000 as of December 31, 2021. Total gross loans increased 20.90 to 1,256,304,000 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 1,039,111,000 at December 31, 2021. Total investment securities decreased 13.98 to 960,490,000 as of December 31, 2022 compared to 1,116,624,000 as of December 31, 2021. Total deposits decreased 1.09 to 2,099,649,000 as of December 31, 2022 compared to 2,122,797,000 as of December 31, 2021. Our loan to deposit ratio at December 31, 2022 was 59.83 compared to 48.95 at December 31, 2021. The loan to deposit ratio of our peers was 77.00 at December 31, 2022. Peer group information from S P Global Market Intelligence data includes bank holding companies in central California with assets from 1 billion to 3.5 billion. 
 
 Capital Adequacy 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 14.92 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 12.22 , common equity Tier 1 ratio of 11.92 , and a leverage ratio of 8.37 . At December 31, 2021, we had a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 15.80 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 12.82 , common equity Tier 1 ratio of 12.48 , and a leverage ratio of 8.03 . At December 31, 2022, on a stand-alone basis, the Bank had a total risk-based capital ratio of 16.53 , a Tier 1 risk based capital ratio of 15.87 , common equity Tier 1 ratio of 15.87 , and a leverage ratio of 10.86 . At December 31, 2021, the Bank had a total risk-based capital ratio of 14.18 , Tier 1 risk-based capital of 13.52 and a leverage ratio of 8.47 . Note 13 of the audited Consolidated Financial Statements provides more detailed information concerning the Company s capital amounts and ratios. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank met or exceeded all of their capital requirements inclusive of the capital buffer. The Bank s capital ratios exceeded the regulatory guidelines for a well-capitalized financial institution under the Basel III regulatory requirements at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Operating Efficiency 
 
 Operating efficiency is the measure of how efficiently earnings before taxes are generated as a percentage of revenue. A lower ratio represents greater efficiency. The Company s efficiency ratio (operating expenses, excluding amortization of intangibles and foreclosed property expense, divided by net interest income plus non-interest income, excluding net gains and losses from sale of securities) was 54.51 for 2022 compared to 57.16 for 2021 and 64.08 for 2020. The improvement in the efficiency ratio in 2022 was due to the growth in non-interest income outpacing the increase in non-interest expense. The Company s net interest income before provision for credit losses plus non-interest income increased 3.75 to 84,620,000 in 2022 compared to 81,559,000 in 2021 and 78,220,000 in 2020, while operating expenses increased 1.33 in 2022, 0.33 in 2021, and 3.44 in 2020. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity 
 
 Liquidity management involves our ability to meet cash flow requirements arising from fluctuations in deposit levels and demands of daily operations, which include providing for customers credit needs, funding of securities purchases, and ongoing repayment of borrowings. Our liquidity is actively managed on a daily basis and reviewed periodically by our management and Directors Asset/Liability Committee. This process is intended to ensure the maintenance of sufficient funds to meet our needs, including adequate cash flows for off-balance sheet commitments. Our primary sources of liquidity are derived from financing activities which include the acceptance of customer and, to a lesser extent, broker deposits, Federal funds facilities and advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco. We have available unsecured lines of credit with correspondent banks totaling approximately 110,000,000 and secured borrowing lines of approximately 319,309,000 with the Federal Home Loan Bank. These funding sources are augmented by collection of principal and interest on loans, the routine maturities and pay downs of securities from our investment securities portfolio, the stability of our core deposits, and the ability to sell investment securities. Primary uses of funds include origination and purchases of loans, withdrawals of and interest payments on deposits, purchases of investment securities, and payment of operating expenses. 
 We had liquid assets (cash and due from banks, interest-earning deposits in other banks, Federal funds sold, equity securities, and available-for-sale securities) totaling 686,553,000 or 28.34 of total assets at December 31, 2022 and 1,280,091,000 or 52.25 of total assets as of December 31, 2021. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Net Income 
 
 Net income was 26,645,000 in 2022 compared to 28,401,000 and 20,347,000 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Basic earnings per share was 2.27, 2.32, and 1.62 for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Diluted earnings per share was 2.27, 2.31, and 1.62 for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. ROE was 14.25 for 2022 compared to 11.50 for 2021 and 8.85 for 2020. ROA for 2022 was 1.09 compared to 1.25 for 2021 and 1.11 for 2020. 
 The decrease in net income for 2022 compared to 2021 was driven by a provision for credit losses compared to a reversal of provision for credit losses in 2021, an increase in non-interest expense, an increase in net realized losses on sales and calls of investment securities, compared to a gain in 2021, an increase in non-interest expense, and a decrease in loan placement fees, partially offset by an increase in net interest income, an increase in interchange fees, a decrease in the provision for income taxes, and an increase in service charge income. The increase in net income for 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to a reversal of provision for credit losses, an increase in net interest income, and an increase in interchange fees, partially offset by an increase in the provision for income taxes, an increase in non-interest expense, a decrease in net realized gains on sales and calls of investment securities, a decrease in loan placement fees, and a decrease in service charge income. 
 
 Interest Income and Expense 
 
 Net interest income is the most significant component of our income from operations. Net interest income (the interest rate spread) is the difference between the gross interest and fees earned on the loan and investment portfolios and the interest paid on deposits and other borrowings. Net interest income depends on the volume of and interest rate earned on interest-earning assets and the volume of and interest rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. 
 
 The following table sets forth a summary of average balances with corresponding interest income and interest expense as well as average yield and cost information for the periods presented. Average balances are derived from daily balances, and nonaccrual loans are not included as interest-earning assets for purposes of this table. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 SCHEDULE OF AVERAGE BALANCES, AVERAGE YIELDS AND RATES 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Interest Rate Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Interest Rate Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Interest Rate ASSETS Interest-earning deposits in other banks 
 48,032 391 0.81 104,710 129 0.12 76,924 246 0.32 Securities Taxable securities 862,079 20,011 2.32 678,093 14,044 2.07 479,894 11,740 2.45 Non-taxable securities (1) 270,014 8,454 3.13 238,870 7,096 2.97 66,299 2,489 3.75 Total investment securities 
 1,132,093 28,465 2.51 916,963 21,140 2.31 546,193 14,229 2.61 Total securities and interest-earning deposits 
 1,180,125 28,856 2.45 1,021,673 21,269 2.08 623,117 14,475 2.32 Loans (2) (3) 1,133,641 55,907 4.93 1,067,316 54,077 5.07 1,053,450 52,066 4.94 Total interest-earning assets 
 2,313,766 84,763 3.66 2,088,989 75,346 3.61 1,676,567 66,541 3.97 Allowance for credit losses 
 (10,005) (11,482) (12,242) Nonaccrual loans 
 278 2,337 2,262 Cash and due from banks 
 36,491 38,202 27,575 Bank premises and equipment 
 8,092 8,436 7,476 Other assets 
 90,772 141,133 131,349 Total average assets 2,439,394 2,267,615 1,832,987 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Interest-bearing liabilities: Savings and NOW accounts 
 581,285 232 0.04 529,043 182 0.03 433,742 341 0.08 Money market accounts 
 486,823 848 0.17 455,575 661 0.15 300,603 542 0.18 Time certificates of deposit 
 81,473 117 0.14 89,875 193 0.21 89,610 582 0.65 Total interest-bearing deposits 
 1,149,581 1,197 0.10 1,074,493 1,036 0.10 823,955 1,465 0.18 Other borrowed funds 63,752 2,225 3.49 9,864 266 2.70 5,155 130 2.52 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 1,213,333 3,422 0.28 1,084,357 1,302 0.12 829,110 1,595 0.19 Non-interest bearing demand deposits 
 1,006,511 900,083 744,239 Other liabilities 32,532 36,311 29,831 Shareholders equity 187,018 246,864 229,807 Total average liabilities and shareholders equity 
 2,439,394 2,267,615 1,832,987 Interest income and rate earned on average earning assets 
 84,763 3.66 75,346 3.61 66,541 3.97 Interest expense and interest cost related to average interest-bearing liabilities 
 3,422 0.28 1,302 0.12 1,595 0.19 Net interest income and net interest margin (4) 
 81,341 3.52 74,044 3.54 64,946 3.87 
 (1) Interest income is calculated on a fully tax equivalent basis, which includes Federal tax benefits relating to income earned on municipal bonds totaling 1,775, 1,490, and 523 in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Loan interest income includes loan fees of 274 in 2022, 6,474 in 2021, and 2,234 in 2020. 
 (3) Average loans do not include nonaccrual loans. 
 (4) Net interest margin is computed by dividing net interest income by total average interest-earning assets. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth a summary of the changes in interest income and interest expense due to changes in average asset and liability balances (volume) and changes in average interest rates for the periods indicated. The change in interest due to both rate and volume has been allocated to the change in rate. 
 Changes in Volume/Rate For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to 2021 For the Years Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to 2020 (In thousands) Volume Rate Net Volume Rate Net Increase (decrease) due to changes in: Interest income: Interest-earning deposits in other banks (69) 331 262 88 (205) (117) Investment securities: Taxable 3,811 2,154 5,965 4,848 (2,544) 2,304 Non-taxable (1) 925 433 1,358 6,478 (1,871) 4,607 Total investment securities 4,736 2,587 7,323 11,326 (4,415) 6,911 Loans 3,360 (1,530) 1,830 685 1,326 2,011 Total earning assets (1) 8,027 1,388 9,415 12,099 (3,294) 8,805 Interest expense: Deposits: Savings, NOW and MMA 62 174 236 353 (393) (40) Time certificate of deposits (18) (58) (76) 1 (390) (389) Total interest-bearing deposits 44 116 160 354 (783) (429) Other borrowed funds 1,453 506 1,959 119 17 136 Total interest bearing liabilities 1,497 622 2,119 473 (766) (293) Net interest income (1) 6,530 766 7,296 11,626 (2,528) 9,098 
 (1) Computed on a tax equivalent basis for securities exempt from federal income taxes. 
 
 Interest and fee income from loans increased 1,830,000 or 3.38 in 2022 compared to 2021. Interest and fee income from loans increased 2,011,000 or 3.86 in 2021 compared to 2020. The increase in 2022 is primarily attributable to an increase in average total loans outstanding. 
 Average total loans, including nonaccrual loans, for 2022 increased 64,266,000 to 1,133,919,000 compared to 1,069,653,000 for 2021 and 1,055,712,000 for 2020. The yield on loans for 2022 was 4.93 compared to 5.07 and 4.94 for 2021 and 2020, respectively. The impact to interest income from the accretion of the loan marks on acquired loans was an decrease to 521,000 from 802,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, 2021 included 6,205,000 in commercial loan fees from PPP activity compared to 120,000 in 2022. 
 Interest income from total investments on a non tax-equivalent basis, (total investments include investment securities, Federal funds sold, interest-bearing deposits in other banks, and other securities), increased 7,302,000 or 36.92 in 2022 compared to 2021. The yield on average investments increased 37 basis points to 2.45 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2.08 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Average total investments increased 158,452,000 to 1,180,125,000 in 2022 compared to 1,021,673,000 in 2021. In 2021, total investment income on a non tax-equivalent basis increased 5,827,000 or 41.76 compared to 2020. 
 Our investment portfolio consists primarily of securities issued by U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by mortgage backed obligations and obligations of states and political subdivision securities. However, a significant portion of the investment portfolio is mortgage-backed securities (MBS) and collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs). At December 31, 2022, we held 465,035,000 or 48.75 of the total market value of the investment portfolio in MBS and CMOs with an average yield of 4.42 . We invested in CMOs and MBS as part of our overall strategy to increase our net interest margin. CMOs and MBS by their nature are affected by prepayments which are impacted by changes in interest rates. In a normal declining rate environment, prepayments from MBS and CMOs would be expected to increase and the expected life of the investment would be expected to shorten. However, as interest rates have increased, prepayments likely have decline and therefore the average life of the MBS and CMOs are expected to extend. However, in the current economic environment, prepayments may not behave according to historical norms. Premium amortization and discount accretion of these investments affects our net interest income. Management monitors the prepayment trends of these investments and adjusts premium amortization and discount accretion based on several factors. These factors include the type of investment, the investment structure, interest rates, interest rates on new mortgage loans, expectation of interest rate changes, current economic conditions, the level of principal remaining on the bond, the bond coupon rate, the bond origination date, and volume of 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 available bonds in market. The calculation of premium amortization and discount accretion is by its nature inexact, and represents management s best estimate of principal pay downs inherent in the total investment portfolio. 
 The cumulative net-of-tax effect of the change in market value of the available-for-sale investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 was an unrealized loss of 81,227,000 and is reflected in the Company s equity. At December 31, 2022, the effective duration of the investment portfolio was 4.85 years and the market value reflected a pre-tax unrealized loss of 91,643,000. Management reviews market value declines on individual investment securities to determine whether they represent other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI). For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, no OTTI was recorded. Future deterioration in the market values of our investment securities may require the Company to recognize OTTI losses. 
 A component of the Company s strategic plan has been to use its investment portfolio to offset, in part, its interest rate risk relating to variable rate loans. Measured at December 31, 2022, an immediate rate increase of 200 basis points would result in an estimated decrease in the market value of the investment portfolio by approximately 61,000. Conversely, with an immediate rate decrease of 200 basis points, the estimated increase in the market value of the investment portfolio would be 60,000. The modeling environment assumes management would take no action during an immediate shock of 200 basis points. However, the Company uses those increments to measure its interest rate risk in accordance with regulatory requirements and to measure the possible future risk in the investment portfolio. For further discussion of the Company s market risk, refer to Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 Management s review of all investments before purchase includes an analysis of how the security will perform under several interest rate scenarios to monitor whether investments are consistent with our investment policy. The policy addresses issues of average life, duration, and concentration guidelines, prohibited investments, impairment, and prohibited practices. 
 Total interest income in 2022 increased 9,132,000 to 82,988,000 compared to 73,856,000 in 2021 and 66,018,000 in 2020, respectively. The increase in 2022 was the result of yield changes and asset mix changes. The tax-equivalent yield on interest earning assets increased to 3.66 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 3.61 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Average interest earning assets increased to 2,313,766,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2,088,989,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Average interest-earning deposits in other banks decreased 56,678,000 in 2022 compared to 2021. Average yield on these deposits was 0.81 compared to 0.12 on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. Average investments and interest-earning deposits increased 158,452,000 and the tax equivalent yield on those assets increased 37 basis points. Average total loans increased 64,266,000 but the yield on average loans decreased 14 basis points. 
 The increase in total interest income for 2021 was the result of yield changes, the decrease in interest rates being offset by asset mix changes. The tax-equivalent yield on interest-earning assets decreased to 3.61 for the year ended December 31, 2021 from 3.97 for the year ended December 31, 2020. Average interest-earning assets increased to 2,088,989,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 1,676,567,000 for the year ended December 31, 2020. Average total loans increased and the yield on average loans increased 13 basis points. 
 Interest expense on deposits in 2022 increased 161,000 or 15.54 to 1,197,000 compared to 1,036,000 in 2021 and decreased 268,000 as compared to 2020. The yield on interest-bearing deposits remained unchanged at 0.10 in 2022 and 2021. The yield on interest-bearing deposits decreased 8 basis points to 0.10 in 2021 from 0.18 in 2020. Average interest-bearing deposits were 1,149,581,000 for 2022 compared to 1,074,493,000 and 823,955,000 for 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Average other borrowings were 63,752,000 with an effective rate of 3.49 for 2022 compared to 9,864,000 with an effective rate of 2.70 for 2021. In 2020, the average other borrowings were 5,155,000 with an effective rate of 2.52 . Included in other borrowings are the junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures acquired from Service 1 st , subordinated debt, senior debit, advances on lines of credit, advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB), and overnight borrowings. The junior subordinated debentures carry a floating rate based on the three month LIBOR plus a margin of 1.60 . The rate was 5.68 for 2022, 1.73 for 2021, and 1.84 for 2020. The subordinated debt, issued in 2021, bears a fixed interest rate of 3.125 per year. The senior debt secured from Bell Bank has an interest rate cap of 6.75 which was reached in 2022. 
 The cost of all interest-bearing liabilities was 0.28 and 0.12 basis points for 2022 and 2021, respectively, compared to 0.19 for 2020. The cost of total deposits was 0.06 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.05 and 0.09 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Average demand deposits increased 11.82 to 1,006,511,000 in 2022 compared to 900,083,000 for 2021 and 744,239,000 for 2020. The ratio of average non-interest demand deposits to average total deposits increased to 46.68 for 2022 compared to 45.58 and 47.46 for 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Net Interest Income before Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 Net interest income before provision for credit losses for 2022 increased 7,012,000 or 9.66 to 79,566,000 compared to 72,554,000 for 2021 and 64,423,000 for 2020. The increase in 2022 was a result of yield changes, asset mix changes, and an increase in average earning assets, offset by an increase in average interest bearing liabilities. Our net interest margin (NIM) decreased 2 basis points. Yield on interest earning assets increased 5 basis points. T he decrease in net interest 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 margin in the period-to-period comparison resulted primarily from the increase in interest expense. Net interest income before provision for credit losses increased 8,131,000 in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due yield changes and asset mix changes. Average interest-earning assets were 2,313,766,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 with a NIM of 3.52 compared to 2,088,989,000 with a NIM of 3.54 in 2021, and 1,676,567,000 with a NIM of 3.87 in 2020. For a discussion of the repricing of our assets and liabilities, refer to Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk. 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 We provide for probable incurred credit losses through a charge to operating income based upon the composition of the loan portfolio, delinquency levels, historical losses, and nonperforming assets, economic and environmental conditions and other factors which, in management s judgment, deserve recognition in estimating credit losses. Credit risk is inherent in the business of making loans. Credit risk is inherent in the business of making loans. The Company establishes an allowance for credit losses on loans through charges to earnings, which are presented in the statements of income as the provision for credit losses on loans. Specifically identifiable and quantifiable known losses are promptly charged off against the allowance. Loans are charged off when they are considered uncollectible or when continuance as an active earning bank asset is not warranted. 
 The provision for credit losses on loans is determined by conducting a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of the Company s allowance for credit losses on loans and charging the shortfall or excess, if any, to the current quarter s expense. This has the effect of creating variability in the amount and frequency of charges to the Company s earnings. The provision for credit losses on loans and level of allowance for each period are dependent upon many factors, including loan growth, net charge offs, changes in the composition of the loan portfolio, delinquencies, management s assessment of the quality of the loan portfolio, the valuation of problem loans and the general economic conditions in the Company s market area. 
 The establishment of an adequate credit allowance is based on an allowance model that utilizes qualitative and quantitative factors, historical losses, loan level risk ratings and portfolio management tools. The Board of Directors has established initial responsibility for the accuracy of credit risk ratings with the individual credit officer and oversight from Credit Administration who ensures the accuracy of the risk ratings. Quarterly, the credit officers must certify the current risk ratings of the loans in their portfolio. Credit Administration reviews the certifications and reports to the Board of Directors Audit/Compliance Committee. At least annually the loan portfolio, including risk ratings, is reviewed by a third party credit reviewer. Regulatory agencies also review the loan portfolio on a periodic basis. See Allowance for Credit Losses for more information on the Company s Allowance for Loan Loss. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a provision for credit losses of 1,000,000 compared to a reversal of provision of 4,300,000 in 2021. A provision of 3,275,000 was recorded for 2020. The recorded provisions to the allowance for credit losses are primarily the result of our assessment of the overall adequacy of the allowance for credit losses considering a number of factors as discussed in the Allowance for Credit Losses section. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company had net recoveries totaling 248,000, 985,000, and 510,000, respectively. The net recovery ratio, which reflects net recoveries to average loans, was 0.02 , 0.09 and 0.05 for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Economic pressures may negatively impact the financial condition of borrowers to whom the Company has extended credit and as a result, when negative economic conditions are anticipated, we may be required to make significant provisions to the allowance for credit losses. The Bank conducts banking operations principally in California s Central Valley. The Central Valley is largely dependent on agriculture. The agricultural economy in the Central Valley is therefore important to our business, financial performance and results of operations. We are also dependent in a large part upon the business activity, population growth, income levels and real estate activity in this market area. A downturn in agriculture and the agricultural related businesses could have a material adverse effect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The agricultural industry has been affected by declines in prices and the changes in yields on various crops and other agricultural commodities. Similarly, weaker prices could reduce the cash flows generated by farms and the value of agricultural land in our local markets and thereby increase the risk of default by our borrowers or reduce the foreclosure value of agricultural land and equipment that serve as collateral for our loans. Further declines in commodity prices or collateral values may increase the incidence of default by our borrowers. Moreover, weaker prices might threaten farming operations in the Central Valley, reducing market demand for agricultural lending. In particular, farm income has seen recent declines, and in line with the downturn in farm income, farmland prices are coming under pressure. 
 We have been and will continue to be proactive in looking for signs of deterioration within the loan portfolio in an effort to manage credit quality and work with borrowers where possible to mitigate losses. As of December 31, 2022, there were 27.8 million in classified loans of which 1.7 million related to commercial and industrial loans, 2.2 million to real estate owner occupied, and 5.4 million to agricultural production. This compares to 8.5 million in classified loans as of December 31, 2021 of which 2.6 million related to commercial and industrial, 2.4 million to agricultural production, and 3.6 million to real estate owner occupied. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we believe, based on all current and available information, the allowance for credit losses is adequate to absorb probable incurred losses within the loan portfolio; however, no assurance can be given that we may not 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 sustain charge-offs which are in excess of the allowance in any given period. Refer to Allowance for Credit Losses below for further information. 
 
 Net Interest Income after Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 Net interest income, after the provision for credit losses was 78,566,000 for 2022 compared to 76,854,000 and 61,148,000 for 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Non-Interest Income 
 
 Non-interest income is comprised of customer service charges, gains on sales and calls of investment securities, income from appreciation in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance, loan placement fees, Federal Home Loan Bank dividends, and other income. Non-interest income was 5,054,000 in 2022 compared to 9,005,000 and 13,797,000 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The 3,951,000 or 43.88 decrease in non-interest income in 2022 was driven by an increase of 2,231,000 in net realized losses on sales and calls of investment securities, a decrease of 1,012,000 in other income, and a decrease in loan placement fees of 1,075,000, partially offset by an increase in service charge income of 113,000, an increase in interchange fees of 63,000 and an increase in appreciation in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance of 145,000. The 4,792,000 or 34.73 decrease in non-interest income in 2021 was driven by a decrease of 3,751,000 in net realized gains on sales and calls of investment securities, a decrease of 1,118,000 in other income, a decrease in service charge income of 170,000, and a decrease in loan placement fees of 317,000, partially offset by an increase in interchange fees of 437,000 and an increase in appreciation in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance of 129,000. Other income for the year ended December 31, 2020 included a 1,167,000 gain related to the collection of tax-exempt life insurance proceeds. 
 Customer service charges increased 113,000 to 2,014,000 in 2022 compared to 1,901,000 in 2021. Service charges were 2,071,000 in 2020. The decrease in 2021 resulted from decreases in our NSF fees and lower analysis service charge income. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we realized net losses on sales and calls of investment securities of 1,730,000, compared to net gains of 501,000 in 2021 and 4,252,000 in 2020. The net gains in 2021, and 2020 were the results of partial restructuring of the investment portfolio designed to improve the future performance of the portfolio. Realized loss recorded in 2022 was the result of strategic decisions to reduce the overall impact of the Company s investment portfolio. See Note 3 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements for more detail. 
 Income from the appreciation in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance (BOLI) totaled 985,000 in 2022 compared to 840,000 and 711,000 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Bank s salary continuation and deferred compensation plans and the related BOLI are used as retention tools for directors and key executives of the Bank. 
 Interchange fees totaled 1,847,000 in 2022 compared to 1,784,000 and 1,347,000 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 We earn loan placement fees from the brokerage of single-family residential mortgage loans provided for the convenience of our customers. Loan placement fees decreased 1,075,000 in 2022 to 899,000 compared to 1,974,000 in 2021 and 2,291,000 in 2020. 
 The Bank holds stock from the Federal Home Loan Bank in relationship with its borrowing capacity and generally receives quarterly dividends. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we held FHLB stock totaling 6,169,000 and 5,595,000, respectively. Dividends in 2022 increased to 367,000 compared to 321,000 in 2021 and 323,000 in 2020. 
 Other income decreased to 672,000 in 2022 compared to 1,684,000 and 2,802,000 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Other income for the year ended December 31, 2020 included a 1,167,000 gain related to the collection of tax-exempt life insurance proceeds. 
 
 Non-Interest Expenses 
 
 Salaries and employee benefits, occupancy and equipment, regulatory assessments, acquisition and integration-related expenses, data processing expenses, ATM/Debit card expenses, license and maintenance contract expenses, information technology, and professional services (consisting of audit, accounting, consulting and legal fees) are the major categories of non-interest expenses. Non-interest expenses increased 637,000 or 1.33 to 48,479,000 in 2022 compared to 47,842,000 in 2021, and 47,684,000 in 2020. 
 Our efficiency ratio, measured as the percentage of non-interest expenses (exclusive of amortization of core deposit intangibles, other real estate owned, and repossessed asset expenses) to net interest income before provision for credit losses plus non-interest income (exclusive of realized gains or losses on sale and calls of investments) was 54.51 for 2022 compared to 57.16 for 2021 and 64.08 for 2020. The improvement in the efficiency ratio in 2022 and 2021 was due to the growth in non-interest income outpacing the increase in non-interest expense. 
 Salaries and employee benefits increased 197,000 or 0.69 to 28,917,000 in 2022 compared to 28,720,000 in 2021 and 28,603,000 in 2020. Full time equivalents were 248 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 256 for the year 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 ended December 31, 2021. The increase in salaries and employee benefits in 2022 compared to 2021 was the result of an increase in salaries and benefits and lower loan origination costs. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the compensation cost recognized for equity-based compensation was 497,000, 405,000 and 470,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was 505,000 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested equity-based compensation arrangements granted under all plans. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.01 years. See Notes 1 and 14 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements for more detail. No options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock were issued during the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021. Restricted common stock awards of 56,089 and 31,496 shares were awarded in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Occupancy and equipment expense increased 249,000 or 5.10 to 5,131,000 in 2022 compared to 4,882,000 in 2021 and 4,626,000 in 2020. The Company made no changes in its depreciation expense methodology. The Company operated 19 full-service offices at December 31, 2022 and 20 full-service offices at December 31, 2020. 
 Regulatory assessments were 851,000 in 2022 compared to 831,000 and 490,000 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The assessment base for calculating the amount owed is based on the formula of average assets minus average tangible equity. 
 Information technology expense increased 476,000 to 3,344,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2,868,000 and 2,391,000 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Data processing expenses were 2,245,000 in 2022 compared to 2,394,000 in 2021 and 2,046,000 in 2020. Professional services decreased 146,000 in 2022 compared to 2021 due to lower legal expenses and consulting fees. 
 Amortization of core deposit intangibles was 454,000 for 2022, 661,000 for 2021, and 695,000 for 2020. During 2022, amortization expense related to FLB core deposit intangibles CDI was 317,000, and amortization expense related to Visalia Community Bank VCB CDI was 137,000. During 2021, amortization expense related to FLB CDI was 423,000, amortization expense related to SVB CDI was 101,000, and amortization expense related to VCB CDI was 137,000. During 2020, amortization expense related to FLB CDI was 423,000, amortization expense related to SVB CDI was 135,000, and amortization expense related to VCB CDI was 137,000. 
 ATM/Debit card expenses decreased 9,000 to 809,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 818,000 in 2021 and 819,000 in 2020. Other non-interest expenses decreased 502,000 or 13.44 to 4,236,000 in 2022 compared to 3,734,000 in 2021 and 3,688,000 in 2020. 
 
 The following table describes significant components of other non-interest expense as a percentage of average assets. 
 For the years ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) Other Expense 2022 Average Assets Other Expense 2021 Average Assets Other Expense 2020 Average Assets Stationery/supplies 155 0.01 150 0.01 228 0.01 Amortization of software 67 82 123 0.01 Telephone 376 0.02 224 0.01 193 0.01 Alarm 121 131 0.01 115 0.01 Postage 156 0.01 202 0.01 191 0.01 Armored courier fees 257 0.01 255 0.01 280 0.02 Risk management expense 99 94 149 0.01 Donations 225 0.01 197 0.01 152 0.01 Personnel other 323 0.01 374 0.02 161 0.01 Education/training 191 0.01 198 0.01 156 0.01 Loan related expenses 341 0.01 357 0.02 293 0.02 General insurance 237 0.01 202 0.01 171 0.01 Travel and mileage expense 170 0.01 103 127 0.01 Operating losses 260 0.01 147 0.01 142 0.01 Shareholder services 110 107 109 0.01 Other 1,148 0.05 911 0.04 1,098 0.06 Total other non-interest expense 4,236 0.17 3,734 0.17 3,688 0.22 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 Our effective income tax rate was 24.2 for 2022 compared to 25.3 for 2021 and 25.4 for 2020. The Company reported an income tax provision of 8,496,000, 9,616,000, and 6,914,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Some items of income and expense are recognized in different years for tax purposes than when applying generally accepted accounting principles leading to timing differences between the Company s actual tax liability, and the amount accrued for this liability based on book income. These temporary differences comprise the deferred portion of the Company s tax expense or benefit, which is accumulated on the Company s books as a deferred tax asset or deferred tax liability until such time as they reverse. 
 Realization of the Company s deferred tax assets is primarily dependent upon the Company generating sufficient future taxable income to obtain benefit from the reversal of net deductible temporary differences and the utilization of tax credit carryforwards and the net operating loss carryforwards for Federal and California state income tax purposes. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable is subject to adjustment in future periods based on estimates of future taxable income. Under generally accepted accounting principles, a valuation allowance is required to be recognized if it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The determination of the realization of the deferred tax assets is highly subjective and dependent upon judgment concerning management s evaluation of both positive and negative evidence, including forecasts of future income, cumulative losses, applicable tax-planning strategies, and assessments of current and future economic and business conditions. 
 The Company had the net deferred tax assets of 43.38 million and 6.31 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. After consideration of the matters in the preceding paragraph, the Company determined that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 will be fully realized in future years. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Summary of Changes in Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 Total assets were 2,422,519,000 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 2,450,139,000 as of December 31, 2021, a decrease of 1.13 or 27,620,000. Total gross loans were 1,256,304,000 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 1,039,111,000 as of December 31, 2021, an increase of 217,193,000 or 20.90 . The total investment portfolio (including Federal funds sold and interest-earning deposits in other banks) decreased 22.75 or 284,504,000 to 966,175,000. Total deposits decreased 1.09 or 23,148,000 to 2,099,649,000 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 2,122,797,000 as of December 31, 2021. Shareholders equity decreased 73,185,000 or 29.53 to 174,660,000 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 247,845,000 as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in shareholders equity was driven by the increase in net unrealized losses on the investment portfolio, net of estimated taxes, in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI), and share repurchases, partially offset by the retention of earnings, net of dividends paid. Accrued interest payable and other liabilities were 32,611,000 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 40,043,000 as of December 31, 2021, a decrease of 7,432,000. 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 The Company measures the fair value of its financial instruments utilizing a hierarchical framework associated with the level of observable pricing scenarios utilized in measuring financial instruments at fair value. The degree of judgment utilized in measuring the fair value of financial instruments generally correlates to the level of the observable pricing scenario. Financial instruments with readily available actively quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of observable pricing and a lesser degree of judgment utilized in measuring fair value. Conversely, financial instruments rarely traded or not quoted will generally have little or no observable pricing and a higher degree of judgment utilized in measuring fair value. Observable pricing scenarios are impacted by a number of factors, including the type of financial instrument, whether the financial instrument is new to the market and not yet established and the characteristics specific to the transaction. 
 See Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about the level of pricing transparency associated with financial instruments carried at fair value. 
 
 Investments 
 
 The following table reflects the balances for each category of securities at year end (in thousands): 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Amortized Cost at December 31, Available-for-Sale Securities 2022 2021 2020 U.S. Treasury securities 9,990 9,988 U.S. Government agencies 107 373 651 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 201,638 512,952 361,734 U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 117,292 213,471 214,203 Private label mortgage and asset backed securities 411,441 317,089 82,413 Corporate debt securities 44,500 30,000 Total Available-for-Sale Securities 740,468 1,098,373 689,001 
 
 Amortized Cost at December 31, Held-to-Maturity Securities 2022 2021 2020 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 192,004 U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 10,430 Private label mortgage and asset backed securities 56,691 Corporate debt securities 45,982 Total Held-to-Maturity Securities 305,107 
 
 Our investment portfolio consists primarily of U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by mortgage backed obligations and obligations of states and political subdivision securities and are classified at the date of acquisition as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity. As of December 31, 2022, investment securities with a fair value of 201,261,000, or 21.10 of our investment securities portfolio, were held as collateral for public funds, short and long-term borrowings, treasury, tax, and for other purposes. Our investment policies are established by the Board of Directors and implemented by our Investment/Asset Liability Committee. They are designed primarily to provide and maintain liquidity, to enable us to meet our pledging requirements for public money and borrowing arrangements, to generate a favorable return on investments without incurring undue interest rate and credit risk, and to complement our lending activities. 
 Our investment portfolio as a percentage of total assets is generally higher than our peers due primarily to our comparatively low loan-to-deposit ratio. Our loan-to-deposit ratio at December 31, 2022 was 59.83 compared to 48.95 at December 31, 2021. The loan to deposit ratio of our peers was 77.00 at December 31, 2021. Peer group information from S P Global Market Intelligence data includes bank holding companies in central California with assets from 1 billion to 3.5 billion. The total i nvestment portfolio, including Federal funds sold and interest-earning deposits in other banks, decreased 22.75 or 284,504,000 to 966,175,000 at December 31, 2022, from 1,250,679,000 at December 31, 2021. The market value of the portfolio reflected an unrealized loss of 91,643,000 at December 31, 2022, compared to an unrealized gain of 10,835,000 at December 31, 2021. 
 Losses recognized in 2022, 2021, and 2020 were incurred in order to reposition the investment securities portfolio based on the current rate environment. As market interest rates or risks associated with a security s issuer continue to change and impact the actual or perceived values of investment securities, the Company may determine that selling these securities and using proceeds to purchase securities that fit with the Company s current risk profile is appropriate and beneficial to the Company. 
 The Board and management have had periodic discussions about our strategy for risk management in dealing with potential losses as interest rates rise. We have been managing the portfolio with an objective of optimizing risk and return in various interest rate scenarios. We do not attempt to predict future interest rates, but we analyze the cash flows of our investment portfolio in different interest rate scenarios in connection with the rest of our balance sheet to design an investment portfolio that optimizes performance. 
 The Company periodically evaluates each investment security for other-than-temporary impairment, relying primarily on industry analyst reports, observation of market conditions and interest rate fluctuations. The portion of the impairment that is attributable to a shortage in the present value of expected future cash flows relative to the amortized cost should be recorded as a current period charge to earnings. The discount rate in this analysis is the original yield expected at time of purchase. 
 For those bonds that met the evaluation criteria, management obtained and reviewed the most recently published national credit ratings for those bonds. For those bonds that were obligations of states and political subdivisions with an investment grade rating by the rating agencies, management also evaluated the financial condition of the municipality and any 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 applicable municipal bond insurance provider and concluded that no credit related impairment existed. There were no OTTI losses recorded during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 The amortized cost, maturities and weighted average yield of investment securities at December 31, 2022 are summarized in the following table. 
 (Dollars in thousands) In one year or less After one through five years After five through ten years After ten years Total Available-for-Sale Securities Amount Yield(1) Amount Yield(1) Amount Yield(1) Amount Yield(1) Amount Yield(1) Debt securities(1) U.S. Treasury securities 9,990 1.25 9,990 1.25 U.S. Government agencies 
 107 4.25 107 4.25 Obligations of states and political subdivisions (2) 
 35,927 3.53 165,711 4.17 201,638 4.06 U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 35 5.92 9,196 3.53 108,061 4.53 117,292 4.38 Private label residential mortgage and asset backed securities 
 12,600 7.16 51,825 5.50 18,048 2.12 328,968 2.85 411,441 3.28 12,600 7.16 51,860 5.50 73,161 3.18 602,847 3.51 740,468 3.68 (Dollars in thousands) In one year or less After one through five years After five through ten years After ten years Total Held-to-Maturity Securities Amount Yield(1) Amount Yield(1) Amount Yield(1) Amount Yield(1) Amount Yield(1) Debt securities(1) Obligations of states and political subdivisions (2) 
 132 51,424 2.48 140,448 3.62 192,004 3.31 U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 10,430 3.00 10,430 3.00 Private label residential mortgage and asset backed securities 
 56,691 2.81 56,691 2.81 Corporate debt securities 45,982 4.40 45,982 4.40 132 97,406 3.38 207,569 3.36 305,107 3.37 
 (1) Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because the issuers of the securities may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Expected maturities will also differ from contractual maturities due to unscheduled principal pay downs. 
 (2) Not computed on a tax equivalent basis. 
 
 Loans 
 
 Total gross loans increased 217,193,000 or 20.90 to 1,256,304,000 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 1,039,111,000 as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth information concerning the composition of our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, and 2018. 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Loan Type (Dollars in thousands) Amount of Total Loans Amount of Total Loans Amount of Total Loans Amount of Total Loans Amount of Total Loans Commercial: Commercial and industrial 141,197 11.2 136,847 13.2 273,994 24.9 102,541 10.9 101,533 11.1 Agricultural production 39,007 3.1 40,860 3.9 21,971 2.0 23,159 2.6 7,998 0.9 Total commercial 180,204 14.3 177,707 17.1 295,965 26.9 125,700 13.5 109,531 12.0 Real estate: Owner occupied 194,663 15.5 212,234 20.4 208,843 18.9 197,946 21.0 183,169 19.9 Real estate-construction and other land loans 
 109,175 8.7 61,586 5.9 55,419 5.0 73,718 7.8 101,606 11.1 Commercial real estate 464,809 37.1 369,529 35.6 338,886 30.7 329,333 34.9 305,118 33.2 Agricultural real estate 117,648 9.4 98,481 9.5 84,258 7.6 76,304 8.1 76,884 8.4 Other real estate 24,586 2.0 26,084 2.5 28,718 2.6 31,241 3.3 32,799 3.6 Total real estate 910,881 72.7 767,914 73.9 716,124 64.8 708,542 75.1 699,576 76.2 Consumer: Equity loans and lines of credit 123,581 9.8 55,620 5.4 55,634 5.0 64,841 6.9 69,958 7.6 Consumer and installment 40,252 3.2 36,999 3.6 37,236 3.3 42,782 4.5 38,038 4.2 Total consumer 163,833 13.0 92,619 9.0 92,870 8.3 107,623 11.4 107,996 11.8 Deferred loan (fees) costs, net 1,386 871 (2,612) 1,515 1,592 Total gross loans (1) 1,256,304 100.0 1,039,111 100.0 1,102,347 100.0 943,380 100.0 918,695 100.0 Allowance for credit losses (10,848) (9,600) (12,915) (9,130) (9,104) Total loans (1) 1,245,456 1,029,511 1,089,432 934,250 909,591 (1) Includes nonaccrual loans of: 946 3,278 1,693 2,740 
 
 At December 31, 2022, loans acquired in the FLB, SVB and VCB acquisitions had a balance of 73,456,000, of which 2,049,000 were commercial loans, 66,583,000 were real estate loans, and 4,824,000 were consumer loans, and at December 31, 2021, the acquired loans had a balance of 93,201,000, of which 2,111,000 were commercial loans, 83,128,000 were real estate loans, and 7,962,000 were consumer loans. 
 At December 31, 2022, in management s judgment, a concentration of loans existed in commercial loans and real-estate-related loans, representing approximately 96.8 of total loans of which 14.3 were commercial and 82.5 were real-estate-related. This level of concentration is consistent with 96.4 at December 31, 2021. Although we believe the loans within this concentration have no more than the normal risk of collectability, a substantial decline in the performance of the economy in general or a decline in real estate values in our primary market areas, in particular, could have an adverse impact on collectability, increase the level of real estate-related nonperforming loans, or have other adverse effects which alone or in the aggregate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The Company was not involved in any sub-prime mortgage lending activities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 We believe that our commercial real estate loan underwriting policies and practices result in prudent extensions of credit, but recognize that our lending activities result in relatively high reported commercial real estate lending levels. Commercial real estate loans include certain loans which represent low to moderate risk and certain loans with higher risks. Contributing to the commercial and industrial loan growth in 2020 was the issuance of PPP loans. As of December 31, 2022, gross loans included 333,000 in PPP loans which are fully guaranteed by the SBA as compared to 18,553,000 as of December 31, 2021. 
 The Board of Directors review and approve concentration limits and exceptions to limitations of concentration are reported to the Board of Directors at least quarterly. 
 
 Loan Maturities 
 42 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents information concerning loan maturities and sensitivity to changes in interest rates of the indicated categories of our loan portfolio, as well as loans in those categories maturing after one year that have fixed or floating interest rates at December 31, 2022. 
 (In thousands) (net of deferred costs) One Year or Less After One Through Five Years After Five Years Total Loan Maturities: Commercial and agricultural 83,818 77,526 18,963 180,307 Real estate construction and other land loans 105,782 327 3,066 109,175 Other real estate 80,020 153,989 568,824 802,833 Consumer and installment 68,306 14,403 81,170 163,879 337,926 246,245 672,023 1,256,194 Sensitivity to Changes in Interest Rates: Loans with fixed interest rates 116,806 154,319 213,533 484,658 Loans with floating interest rates (1) 142,979 121,384 507,172 771,535 259,785 275,703 720,705 1,256,193 (1) Includes floating rate loans which are currently at their floor rate in accordance with their respective loan agreement 
 667 37,774 378,449 416,890 
 Nonperforming Assets 
 
 Nonperforming assets consist of nonperforming loans, other real estate owned (OREO), and repossessed assets. Nonperforming loans are those loans which have (i) been placed on nonaccrual status; (ii) been classified as doubtful under our asset classification system; or (iii) become contractually past due 90 days or more with respect to principal or interest and have not been restructured or otherwise placed on nonaccrual status. A loan is classified as nonaccrual when 1) it is maintained on a cost recovery method because of deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower; 2) payment in full of principal or interest under the original contractual terms is not expected; or 3) principal or interest has been in default for a period of 90 days or more unless the loan is both well secured and in the process of collection. We measure all loans placed on nonaccrual status for impairment based on the fair value of the underlying collateral or the net present value of the expected cash flows. 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared on the accrual basis of accounting, including the recognition of interest income on loans. Interest income from nonaccrual loans is recorded only if collection of principal in full is not in doubt and when cash payments, if any, are received. 
 Loans are placed on nonaccrual status and any accrued but unpaid interest income is reversed and charged against income when the payment of interest or principal is 90 days or more past due. Loans in the nonaccrual category are treated as nonaccrual loans even though we may ultimately recover all or a portion of the interest due. These loans return to accrual status when the loan becomes contractually current, future collectability of amounts due is reasonably assured, and a minimum of six months of satisfactory principal repayment performance has occurred. See Note 4 of the Company s audited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 At December 31, 2022, there were no nonperforming assets, compared to 946,000, or 0.04 of total assets at December 31, 2021. Nonperforming assets totaled 0.09 of gross loans as of December 31, 2021. Total nonperforming assets at December 31, 2022, included no nonaccrual loans, no OREO, and no repossessed assets. Nonperforming assets at December 31, 2021 consisted of 946,000 in nonaccrual loans, no OREO, and no repossessed assets. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had no loans considered a troubled debt restructuring TDR included in nonaccrual loans. See Note 4 of the Company s audited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report concerning our recorded investment in loans for which impairment has been recognized. 
 A summary of nonaccrual, restructured, and past due loans at December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, and 2018 is set forth below. The Company had no loans past due more than 90 days and still accruing interest at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Management is not aware of any potential problem loans, which were current and accruing at December 31, 2022, where serious doubt exists as to the ability of the borrower to comply with the present repayment terms. Management can give no assurance that nonaccrual and other nonperforming loans will not increase in the future. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Composition of Nonaccrual, Past Due and Restructured Loans 
 
 (As of December 31, Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Nonaccrual Loans: Commercial and industrial 312 752 187 298 Agricultural production 634 Owner occupied real estate 370 416 215 Real estate construction and other land loans 
 1,556 1,439 Agricultural real estate 
 321 Commercial real estate 512 381 418 Equity loans and line of credit 66 320 Consumer and installment 88 Restructured loans (non-accruing): Equity loans and line of credit 322 50 Total nonaccrual 946 3,278 1,693 2,740 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more Total nonperforming loans 946 3,278 1,693 2,740 Interest foregone 
 132 99 177 85 267 Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.09 0.30 0.18 0.30 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more 
 Accruing troubled debt restructurings 2,386 7,640 7,908 2,040 3,170 Ratio of nonperforming loans to allowance for credit losses 9.85 25.38 18.54 30.10 Loans considered to be impaired 2,372 8,586 11,186 3,734 5,909 Related allowance for credit losses on impaired loans 314 649 631 40 90 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had impaired loans totaling 2,372,000 and 8,586,000, respectively. We measure our impaired loans by using the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent and the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s original contractual interest rate if the loan is not collateral dependent. Impaired loans are identified from internal credit review reports, past due reports, overdraft listings, and third party reports of examination. Borrowers experiencing problems such as operating losses, marginal working capital, inadequate cash flow or business interruptions which jeopardize collection of the loan are also reviewed for possible impairment classification. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due, including principal and interest, according to the contractual terms of the original agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Loans determined to be impaired are individually evaluated for impairment. When a loan is impaired, the Company measures impairment based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, except that as a practical expedient, it may measure impairment based on a loan s observable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. A loan is collateral dependent if the repayment of the loan is expected to be provided solely by the underlying collateral. For collateral dependent loans secured by real estate, we obtain external appraisals which are updated periodically, but generally no less than annually to determine the fair value of the collateral, and we record an immediate charge-off for the difference between the book value of the loan and the net realizable value, which is generally defined as appraised value less costs to dispose of the collateral. We perform quarterly internal reviews on all criticized and classified loans. 
 We place loans on nonaccrual status and classify them as impaired when it becomes probable that we will not receive the full amount of interest and principal under the original contractual terms, or when loans are delinquent 90 days or more, 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 unless the loan is both well secured and in the process of collection. Management maintains certain loans that have been brought current by the borrower (less than 30 days delinquent) on nonaccrual status until such time as management has determined that the loans are likely to remain current in future periods. Foregone interest on nonaccrual loans totaled 132,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 of which none was attributable to troubled debt restructurings. Foregone interest on nonaccrual loans totaled 99,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 of which none was attributable to troubled debt restructurings. Foregone interest on nonaccrual loans totaled 177,000 for the year ended December 31, 2020, of which none was attributable to troubled debt restructurings. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of the change in non-accrual loans for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (In thousands) Balances December 31, 2021 Additions to Nonaccrual Loans Net Pay Downs Transfer to Foreclosed Collateral Returns to Accrual Status Charge-Offs Balances December 31, 2022 Non-accrual loans: 
 Commercial and industrial 
 312 (80) (232) Agricultural real estate 
 634 (634) Total non-accrual 946 (714) (232) 
 
 OREO represents real property taken either through foreclosure or through a deed in lieu thereof from the borrower. OREO is carried at the lesser of cost or fair market value less selling costs. As of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Bank had no OREO properties. The Company held no repossessed assets at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, which is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 We have established a methodology for determining the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses made up of general and specific allocations. The methodology is set forth in a formal policy and takes into consideration the need for an overall allowance for credit losses as well as specific allowances that are tied to individual loans. The allowance for credit losses is an estimate of probable incurred credit losses in the Company s loan portfolio. The allowance consists of two primary components, specific reserves related to impaired loans and general reserves for probable incurred losses related to loans that are not impaired. 
 For all portfolio segments, the determination of the general reserve for loans that are not impaired is based on estimates made by management including, but not limited to, consideration of historical losses by portfolio segment (and in certain cases peer loss data) over the most recent 56 quarters, and qualitative and quantitative factors including economic trends in the Company s service areas, industry experience and trends, industry and geographic concentrations, estimated collateral values, the Company s underwriting policies, the character of the loan portfolio, and probable losses incurred in the portfolio taken as a whole. Management has determined that the most recent 56 quarters was an appropriate look-back period based on several factors including the current global economic uncertainty and various national and local economic indicators, and a time period sufficient to capture enough data due to the size of the portfolio to produce statistically accurate historical loss calculations. We believe this period is an appropriate look-back period. 
 In originating loans, we recognize that losses will be experienced and that the risk of loss will vary with, among other things, the type of loan being made, the creditworthiness of the borrower over the term of the loan, general economic conditions and, in the case of a secured loan, the quality of the collateral securing the loan. The allowance is increased by provisions charged against earnings and recoveries, and reduced by net loan charge-offs. Loans are charged off when they are deemed to be uncollectible, or partially charged off when portions of a loan are deemed to be uncollectible. Recoveries are generally recorded only when cash payments are received. 
 The allowance for credit losses is maintained to cover probable incurred credit losses in the loan portfolio. The responsibility for the review of our assets and the determination of the adequacy lies with management and our Audit/Compliance Committee. They delegate the authority to the Chief Credit Officer (CCO) to determine the loss reserve ratio for each type of asset and to review, at least quarterly, the adequacy of the allowance based on an evaluation of the portfolio, past experience, prevailing market conditions, amount of government guarantees, concentration in loan types and other relevant factors. 
 The allowance for credit losses is an estimate of the probable incurred credit losses in our loan and lease portfolio. The allowance is based on principles of accounting: (i) losses accrued for on loans when they are probable of occurring and can be reasonably estimated and (ii) losses accrued based on the differences between the value of collateral, present value of future cash flows or values that are observable in the secondary market and the loan balance. 
 Management adheres to an internal asset review system and loss allowance methodology designed to provide for timely recognition of problem assets and adequate valuation allowances to cover probable incurred losses. The Bank s asset 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 monitoring process includes the use of asset classifications to segregate the assets, largely loans and real estate, into various risk categories. The Bank uses the various asset classifications as a means of measuring risk and determining the adequacy of valuation allowances by using a nine-grade system to classify assets. In general, all credit facilities exceeding 90 days of delinquency require classification and are placed on nonaccrual. 
 The following table summarizes the Company s loan loss experience, as well as provisions and recoveries (charge-offs) to the allowance and certain pertinent ratios for the periods indicated: 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Loans outstanding at December 31, 1,254,918 1,038,240 1,104,959 941,865 917,103 Average loans outstanding during the year 1,133,919 1,069,653 1,055,712 930,883 912,128 Allowance for credit losses: Balance at beginning of year 9,600 12,915 9,130 9,104 8,778 Deduct loans charged off: Commercial and industrial (27) (46) (121) (1,032) (94) Consumer loans (151) (221) (108) (164) (116) Total loans charged off (178) (267) (229) (1,196) (210) Add recoveries of loans previously charged off: Commercial and industrial 367 701 612 134 207 Owner occupied 21 Real estate construction and other land loans 319 Commercial real estate 81 Consumer loans 59 232 127 63 177 Total recoveries 426 1,252 739 197 486 Net recoveries (charge-offs) 248 985 510 (999) 276 Provision (Reversal of) for credit losses 1,000 (4,300) 3,275 1,025 50 Balance at end of year 10,848 9,600 12,915 9,130 9,104 Allowance for credit losses as a percentage of outstanding loan balance 
 0.86 0.92 1.17 0.97 0.99 Net recoveries (charge-offs) to average loans outstanding 0.02 0.09 0.05 (0.11) 0.03 
 
 Managing credits identified through the risk evaluation methodology includes developing a business strategy with the customer to mitigate our losses. Our management continues to monitor these credits with a view to identifying as early as possible when, and to what extent, additional provisions may be necessary. 
 The allowance for credit losses is reviewed at least quarterly by the Bank s and our Board of Directors Audit/Compliance Committee. Reserves are allocated to loan portfolio segments using percentages which are based on both historical risk elements such as delinquencies and losses and predictive risk elements such as economic, competitive and environmental factors. We have adopted the specific reserve approach to allocate reserves to each impaired asset for the purpose of estimating potential loss exposure. Although the allowance for credit losses is allocated to various portfolio categories, it is general in nature and available for the loan portfolio in its entirety. Additions may be required based on the results of independent loan portfolio examinations, regulatory agency examinations, or our own internal review process. Additions are also required when, in management s judgment, the reserve does not properly reflect the potential loss exposure. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 The allocation of the allowance for credit losses is set forth below: 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Loan Type (Dollars in thousands) Amount Percent of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans Amount Percent of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans Amount Percent of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans Amount Percent of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans Amount Percent of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans Commercial: Commercial and industrial 1,591 11.2 1,691 13.2 1,764 24.9 1,115 10.9 1,604 11.1 Agricultural production 
 229 3.1 320 3.9 255 2.0 313 2.6 67 0.9 Real estate: Owner occupied 814 15.5 1,355 20.4 2,128 18.9 1,319 21.0 1,131 19.9 Real estate construction and other land loans 
 1,678 8.7 812 5.9 1,204 5.0 932 7.8 1,271 11.1 Commercial real estate 4,388 37.1 3,805 35.6 4,781 30.7 3,453 34.9 3,017 33.2 Agricultural real estate 863 9.4 697 9.5 838 7.6 925 8.1 947 8.4 Other real estate 60 2.0 72 2.5 223 2.6 140 3.3 173 3.6 Consumer: Equity loans and lines of credit 
 607 9.8 256 5.4 457 5.0 425 6.9 419 7.6 Consumer and installment 278 3.2 312 3.6 634 3.3 472 4.5 407 4.2 Unallocated reserves 340 280 631 36 68 Total allowance for credit losses 
 10,848 100.0 9,600 100.0 12,915 100.0 9,130 100.0 9,104 100.0 
 
 Loans are charged to the allowance for credit losses when the loans are deemed uncollectible. It is the policy of management to make additions to the allowance so that it remains adequate to cover all probable loan charge-offs that exist in the portfolio at that time. We assign qualitative and quantitative factors (Q factors) to each loan category. Q factors include reserves held for the effects of lending policies, experience, economic trends, and portfolio trends along with other dynamics which may cause additional stress to the portfolio. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses (ACL) was 10,848,000, compared to 9,600,000 at December 31, 2021, a net increase of 1,248,000. The net increase in the ACL was primarily attributed to loan growth, with additional consideration reflected in the net recoveries during the year ended December 31, 2022. Net recoveries totaled 248,000 while the provision for credit losses was 1,000,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The balance of classified loans and loans graded special mention, totaled 27,785,000 and 31,023,000 at December 31, 2022 and 8,540,000 and 40,845,000 at December 31, 2021, respectively. The balance of undisbursed commitments to extend credit on construction and other loans and letters of credit was 288,141,000 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 326,108,000 as of December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of a contingent allocation for probable loan loss experience on unfunded obligations was 110,000 and 115,000, respectively. The contingent allocation for probable loan loss experience on unfunded obligations is calculated by management using appropriate, systematic, and consistently applied processes. While related to credit losses, this allocation is not a part of ACL and is considered separately as a liability for accounting and regulatory reporting purposes. Risks and uncertainties exist in all lending transactions and our management and Directors Loan Committee have established reserve levels based on economic uncertainties and other risks that exist as of each reporting period. 
 The ACL as a percentage of total loans was 0.86 at December 31, 2022, and 0.92 at December 31, 2021. Total loans include FLB, SVB and VCB loans that were recorded at fair value in connection with the acquisitions of 73,456,000 at December 31, 2022 and 93,201,000 at December 31, 2021. Excluding these acquired loans from the calculation, the ACL to total gross loans was 0.92 and 1.01 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and general reserves associated with non-impaired loans to total non-impaired loans was 0.89 and 0.98 , respectively. The loan portfolio acquired in the mergers was booked at fair value with no associated allocation in the ACL. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 gross loans included loans related to PPP loans which are fully guaranteed by the SBA in the amount of 333,000 and 18,553,000.00, respectively. Excluding PPP loans and the acquired loans from the calculation, the allowance for credit losses to total gross loans was 0.92 and 1.04 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company s loan portfolio balances in 2022 increased from 2021. Net loans increased 215.9 million or 20.98 , at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. The net loan increase consisted of a decrease of 18.2 million in SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loans, offset by an increase of 234.2 million in non-PPP loan growth. Management believes that the change in the allowance for credit losses to total loans ratios is dir ectionally consistent with the composition of loans and the level of nonperforming and classified loans, and by the general economic conditions experienced in the central California communities serviced by the Company, partially offset by recent improvements in real estate collateral values. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Assumptions regarding the collateral value of various under-performing loans may affect the level and allocation of the allowance for credit losses in future periods. The allowance may also be affected by trends in the amount of charge-offs experienced or expected trends within different loan portfolios. However, the total reserve rates on non-impaired loans include qualitative and quantitative factors which are systematically derived and consistently applied to reflect conservatively estimated losses from loss contingencies at the date of the financial statements. Based on the above considerations and given recent changes in historical charge-off rates included in the ACL modeling and the changes in other factors, management determined that the ACL was appropriate as of December 31, 2022. 
 There were no non-performing loans as of December 31, 2022, compared to 946,000 as of December 31, 2021. Nonperforming loans as a percentage of total loans were 0.09 at December 31, 2021. The Company had no other real estate owned at December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020. No foreclosed assets were recorded at December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020. The allowance for credit losses as a percentage of nonperforming loans was 10,848.00 and 1,014.80 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. In addition, management believes that the likelihood of recoveries on previously charged-off loans continues to improve based on the collection efforts of management combined with improvements in the value of real estate which serves as the primary source of collateral for loans. Management believes the allowance at December 31, 2022 is adequate based upon its ongoing analysis of the loan portfolio, historical loss trends and other factors. However, no assurance can be given that the Company may not sustain charge-offs which are in excess of the allowance in any given period. 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 
 Business combinations involving the Bank s acquisition of the equity interests or net assets of another enterprise give rise to goodwill. Total goodwill at December 31, 2022 was 53,777,000 consisting of 13,466,000, 10,394,000, 6,340,000, 14,643,000 and 8,934,000 representing the excess of the cost of FLB, SVB, VCB, Service 1 st Bancorp, and Bank of Madera County, respectively, over the net amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transactions accounted for under the purchase method of accounting. The value of goodwill is ultimately derived from the Company s ability to generate net earnings after the acquisitions and is not deductible for tax purposes. The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are subject to adjustment during the first twelve months after the acquisition date if additional information becomes available to indicate a more accurate or appropriate value for an asset or liability. A significant decline in net earnings, among other factors, could be indicative of a decline in the fair value of goodwill and result in impairment. For that reason, goodwill is assessed at least annually for impairment. 
 Management performed an annual impairment test in the third quarter of 2022 utilizing various qualitative factors. Management believes these factors are sufficient and comprehensive and as such, no further factors need to be assessed at this time. Based on management s analysis performed, no impairment was required. 
 Goodwill is also assessed for impairment between annual tests if a triggering event occurs or circumstances change that may cause the fair value of a reporting unit to decline below its carrying amount. Management considers the entire Company to be one reporting unit. No such events or circumst ances arose during for the year ended December 31, 2022 . Changes in the economic environment, operations of the reporting unit or other adverse events could result in future impairment charges which could have a material adverse impact on the Company s operating results. 
 The intangible assets at December 31, 2022 represent the estimated fair value of the core deposit relationships acquired in the 2013 acquisition of VCB of 1,365,000. Core deposit intangibles are being amortized using the straight-line method over an estimated life of five to ten years from the date of acquisition. The carrying value of intangible assets at December 31, 2022 was 68,000, net of 1,297,000 in accumulated amortization expense. The carrying value at December 31, 2021 was 522,000, net of 3,230,000 in accumulated amortization expense. Management evaluates the remaining useful lives quarterly to determine whether events or circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining periods of amortization. Based on the evaluation, no changes to the remaining useful life was required. Amortization expense recognized was 454,000 for 2022, 661,000 for 2021 and 695,000 for 2020. The remaining 68,000 core deposit intangible will be amortized during 2023. 
 
 Deposits and Borrowings 
 
 The Bank s deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to applicable legal limits. All of a depositor s accounts at an insured depository institution, including all non-interest bearing transactions accounts, will be insured by the FDIC up to the standard maximum deposit insurance amount of 250,000 for each deposit insurance ownership category. 
 Total deposits decreased 23,148,000 or 1.09 to 2,099,649,000 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 2,122,797,000 as of December 31, 2021. Interest-bearing deposits decreased 116,131,000 or 10.02 to 1,043,082,000 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 1,159,213,000 as of December 31, 2021. Non-interest bearing deposits increased 92,983,000 or 9.65 to 1,056,567,000 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 963,584,000 as of December 31, 2021. The Company s deposit balances for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased through normal customer deposit related activity. Average non-interest bearing deposits to average total deposits was 46.68 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 45.58 for the same period in 2021. Based on FDIC deposit market share information published as of June 2022, our total market share of deposits in Fresno, Madera, San Joaquin, and Tulare counties was 3.66 in 2022 compared to 3.83 in 2021. Our total market share in the other counties as of June 2022 and 2021 we operate in (Merced, Placer, Sacramento, and Stanislaus), was less than 1.00 . 
 The composition of the deposits and average interest rates paid at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is summarized in the table below. 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 of Total Deposits Effective Rate December 31, 2021 of Total Deposits Effective Rate NOW accounts 324,089 15.4 0.06 360,462 17.0 0.05 MMA accounts 435,783 20.8 0.17 511,448 24.1 0.15 Time deposits 67,923 3.2 0.14 90,030 4.2 0.21 Savings deposits 215,287 10.3 0.01 197,273 9.3 0.01 Total interest-bearing 1,043,082 49.7 0.10 1,159,213 54.6 0.10 Non-interest bearing 1,056,567 50.3 963,584 45.4 Total deposits 2,099,649 100.0 2,122,797 100.0 
 We have no known foreign deposits. The following table sets forth the average amount of and the average rate paid on certain deposit categories which were in excess of 10 of average total deposits for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Balance Rate Balance Rate Balance Rate Savings and NOW accounts 581,285 0.04 529,043 0.03 433,742 0.08 Money market accounts 486,823 0.17 455,575 0.15 300,603 0.18 Non-interest bearing demand 1,006,511 900,083 744,239 Total deposits 2,156,092 0.06 1,974,576 0.05 1,568,194 0.09 
 
 The following table sets forth the maturity of time certificates of deposit and other time deposits of 100,000 or more at December 31, 2022. 
 (In thousands) Three months or less 20,931 Over 3 through 6 months 8,348 Over 6 through 12 months 12,411 Over 12 months 5,697 47,387 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 46,000,000 in short-term Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) of San Francisco advances. There was no short-term FHLB advances as of December 31, 2021. We maintain a line of credit with the FHLB collateralized by government securities and loans. Refer to Liquidity section below for further discussion of FHLB advances. The Bank had unsecured lines of credit with its correspondent banks which, in the aggregate, amounted to 110,000,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, at interest rates which vary with market conditions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no overnight borrowings outstanding under these credit facilities. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 
 Capital serves as a source of funds and helps protect depositors and shareholders against potential losses. Historically, the primary sources of capital for the Company have been internally generated capital through retained earnings and the issuance of common and preferred stock. 
 The Company has historically maintained substantial levels of capital. The assessment of capital adequacy is dependent on several factors including asset quality, earnings trends, liquidity and economic conditions. Maintenance of adequate capital levels is integral to providing stability to the Company. The Company needs to maintain substantial levels of regulatory capital to give it maximum flexibility in the changing regulatory environment and to respond to changes in the market and economic conditions. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Our shareholders equity was 174,660,000 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 247,845,000 as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in shareholders equity is the result of decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) of 88,859,000, an increase in the unrealized loss recorded on the Company s investment portfolio, the payment of common stock cash dividends of 5,638,000, and the repurchase and retirement of common stock of 6,814,000. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in retained earnings from our net income of 26,645,000, the exercise of stock options in the amount of 489,000, the effect of share-based compensation expense of 497,000, and stock issued under our employee stock purchase plan of 216,000. 
 During 2022, the Company made a capital contribution to the Bank in the amount of 38,000,000 in connection with the senior and subordinated debt proceeds approved by the Company s Board of Directors. The Company declared and paid a total of 5,638,000 or 0.48 per common share cash dividend to shareholders of record during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and retired common stock in the amount of 6,814,000. 
 During 2021, the Bank declared and paid cash dividends to the Company in the amount of 7,679,000 in connection with the cash dividends to the Company s shareholders approved by the Company s Board of Directors. The Company declared and paid a total of 5,757,000 or 0.47 per common share cash dividend to shareholders of record during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased and retired common stock in the amount of 13,619,000. 
 During 2020 the Bank declared and paid cash dividends to the Company in the amount of 15,622,000 in connection with the cash dividends to the Company s shareholders approved by the Company s Board of Directors. The Company declared and paid a total of 5,530,000 or 0.44 per common share cash dividend to shareholders of record during the year ended December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repurchased and retired common stock in the amount of 11,052,000. 
 The following table sets forth certain financial ratios for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 2022 2021 2020 Net income: To average assets 1.09 1.25 1.11 To average shareholders equity 14.25 11.50 8.85 Dividends declared per share to net income per share 21.14 19.75 26.99 Average shareholders equity to average assets 7.67 10.89 12.54 
 Management considers capital requirements as part of its strategic planning process. The strategic plan calls for continuing increases in assets and liabilities, and the capital required may therefore be in excess of retained earnings. The ability to obtain capital is dependent upon the capital markets as well as our performance. Management regularly evaluates sources of capital and the timing required to meet its strategic objectives. 
 The Board of Governors, the FDIC and other federal banking agencies have issued risk-based capital adequacy guidelines intended to provide a measure of capital adequacy that reflects the degree of risk associated with a banking organization s operations for both transactions reported on the balance sheet as assets, and transactions, such as letters of credit and recourse arrangements, which are reported as off-balance-sheet items. 
 The following table presents the Company s regulatory capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 (Dollars in thousands) Actual Ratio December 31, 2022 Amount Ratio Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 205,154 8.37 Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET 1) 200,154 11.92 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 205,154 12.22 Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 250,556 14.92 December 31, 2021 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 189,020 8.03 Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET 1) 184,020 12.48 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 189,020 12.82 Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 233,034 15.80 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the Bank s regulatory capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Actual Ratio Minimum regulatory requirement (1) Minimum requirement for Well-Capitalized 
 Institution 
 December 31, 2022 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 266,373 10.86 98,075 4.00 122,594 5.00 Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET 1) 266,373 15.87 75,516 7.00 109,079 6.50 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 266,373 15.87 100,688 8.50 134,251 8.00 Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 277,331 16.53 134,251 10.50 167,814 10.00 December 31, 2021 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 199,329 8.47 94,156 4.00 117,695 5.00 Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET 1) 199,329 13.52 66,355 7.00 95,846 6.50 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 199,329 13.52 88,473 8.50 117,964 8.00 Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 209,044 14.18 117,964 10.50 147,455 10.00 (1) The minimum regulatory requirement threshold includes the capital conservation buffer of 2.50 . 
 The Company succeeded to all of the rights and obligations of the Service 1 st Capital Trust I, a Delaware business trust, in connection with the acquisition of Service 1 st as of November 12, 2008. The Trust was formed on August 17, 2006 for the sole purpose of issuing trust preferred securities fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Service 1 st . Under applicable regulatory guidance, the amount of trust preferred securities that is eligible as Tier 1 capital is limited to 25 of the Company s Tier 1 capital on a pro forma basis. At December 31, 2022, all of the trust preferred securities that have been issued qualify as Tier 1 capital. The trust preferred securities mature on October 7, 2036, are redeemable at the Company s option beginning five years after issuance, and require quarterly distributions by the Trust to the holder of the trust preferred securities at a variable interest rate which will adjust quarterly to equal the three-month LIBOR plus 1.60 . 
 The Trust used the proceeds from the sale of the trust preferred securities to purchase approximately 5,155,000 in aggregate principal amount of Service 1 st s junior subordinated notes (the Notes). The Notes bear interest at the same variable interest rate during the same quarterly periods as the trust preferred securities. The Notes are redeemable by the Company on any January 7, April 7, July 7, or October 7 on or after October 7, 2012 or at any time within 90 days following the occurrence of certain events, such as: (i) a change in the regulatory capital treatment of the Notes (ii) in the event the Trust is deemed an investment company or (iii) upon the occurrence of certain adverse tax events. In each such case, the Company may redeem the Notes for their aggregate principal amount, plus any accrued but unpaid interest. 
 The Notes may be declared immediately due and payable at the election of the trustee or holders of 25 of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes in the event that the Company defaults in the payment of any interest following the nonpayment of any such interest for 20 or more consecutive quarterly periods. Holders of the trust preferred securities are entitled to a cumulative cash distribution on the liquidation amount of 1,000 per security. For each January 7, April 7, July 7 or October 7 of each year, the rate will be adjusted to equal the three month LIBOR plus 1.60 . As of December 31, 2022, the rate was 5.68 . Interest expense recognized by the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was 188,000, 93,000 and 130,000, respectively. 
 On November 12, 2021, the Company completed a private placement of 35.0 million aggregate principal amount of its fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes Subordinated Debt due December 1, 2031. The Subordinated Debt initially bears a fixed interest rate of 3.125 per year. Commencing on December 1, 2026, the interest rate on the Subordinated Debt will reset each quarter at a floating interest rate equal to the then-current three month term SOFR plus 210 basis points. The Company may at its option redeem in whole or in part the Subordinated Debt on or after November 12, 2026 without a premium. The Subordinated Debt is treated as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory purposes. 
 On September 15, 2022, the Company entered into a 30 million loan agreement with Bell Bank. Initially, payments of interest only are payable in 12 quarterly payments commencing December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 the rate had reached its interest rate cap of 6.75 . Commencing December 31, 2025, 27 equal quarterly principal and interest payments are payable based on the outstanding balance of the loan on August 30, 2025 and an amortization of 48 quarters. A final payment of outstanding principal and accrued interest is due at maturity on September 30, 2032. Variable interest is payable at the Prime Rate (published by the Wall Street Journal) less 50 basis points. The loan is secured by the assets of the Company and a pledge of the outstanding common stock of Central Valley Community Bank, the Company s banking subsidiary. The Company may prepay the loan without penalty with one exception. If the loan is prepaid prior to August 30, 2025 with funds received from a financing source other than Bell Bank, the Company will incur a 2 prepayment penalty. The loan contains customary representations, covenants, and events of default. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY 
 
 Liquidity management involves our ability to meet cash flow requirements arising from fluctuations in deposit levels and demands of daily operations, which include funding of securities purchases, providing for customers credit needs and ongoing repayment of borrowings. Our liquidity is actively managed on a daily basis and reviewed periodically by our management and Directors Asset/Liability Committees. This process is intended to ensure the maintenance of sufficient funds to meet our needs, including adequate cash flows for off-balance sheet commitments. 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are derived from financing activities which include the acceptance of customer and, to a lesser extent, broker deposits, Federal funds facilities and advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (FHLB). These funding sources are augmented by payments of principal and interest on loans, the routine maturities and pay downs of securities from the securities portfolio, the stability of our core deposits and the ability to sell investment securities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unpledged securities totaling 759,229,000 available as a secondary source of liquidity and total cash and cash equivalents of 31,170,000. Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 decreased 80.93 compared to December 31, 2021. Primary uses of funds include withdrawal of and interest payments on deposits, origination and purchases of loans, purchases of investment securities, and payment of operating expenses. 
 To augment our liquidity, we have established Federal funds lines with various correspondent banks. At December 31, 2022, our available borrowing capacity includes approximately 110,000,000 in Federal funds lines with our correspondent banks and 319,309,000 in unused FHLB advances. At December 31, 2022, we were not aware of any information that was reasonably likely to have a material effect on our liquidity position. 
 The following table reflects the Company s credit lines, balances outstanding, and pledged collateral at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Credit Lines (In thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Unsecured Credit Lines (interest rate varies with market): Credit limit 110,000 110,000 Balance outstanding Federal Home Loan Bank (interest rate at prevailing interest rate): Credit limit 319,309 277,130 Balance outstanding 46,000 Collateral pledged 687,357 481,437 Fair value of collateral 565,869 435,089 Federal Reserve Bank (interest rate at prevailing discount interest rate): Credit limit 4,702 9,961 Balance outstanding Collateral pledged 5,508 10,361 Fair value of collateral 4,893 10,241 
 
 The liquidity of our parent company, Central Valley Community Bancorp, is primarily dependent on the payment of cash dividends by its subsidiary, Central Valley Community Bank, subject to limitations imposed by state and federal regulations. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP requires management to make a number of judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, income and expense in the financial statements. Various elements of our accounting policies, by their nature, involve the application of highly sensitive and judgmental estimates and assumptions. Some of these policies and estimates relate to matters that are highly complex and contain inherent uncertainties. It is possible that, in some instances, different estimates and assumptions could reasonably have been made and used by management, instead of those we applied, which might have produced different results that could have had a material effect on the financial statements. 
 We have identified the following accounting policies and estimates that, due to the inherent judgments and assumptions and the potential sensitivity of the financial statements to those judgments and assumptions, are critical to an understanding of our financial statements. We believe that the judgments, estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the Company s financial statements are appropriate. For a further description of our accounting policies, see Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the financial statements included in this Form 10 K. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Use of Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 Our allowance for credit losses is an estimate of probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio. Loans are charged off against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance for credit losses. Management s methodology for estimating the allowance balance consists of several key elements, which include specific allowances on individual impaired loans and the formula driven allowances on pools of loans with similar risks. The allowance is only an estimate of the inherent loss in the loan portfolio and may not represent actual losses realized over time, either of losses in excess of the allowance or of losses less than the allowance. Our accounting for estimated loan losses is discussed and disclosed primarily in Note 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements under the heading Allowance for Credit Losses . 
 
 INFLATION 
 
 The impact of inflation on a financial institution differs significantly from that exerted on other industries primarily because the assets and liabilities of financial institutions consist largely of monetary items. However, financial institutions are affected by inflation in part through non-interest expenses, such as salaries and occupancy expenses, and to some extent by changes in interest rates. 
 At December 31, 2022, we do not believe that inflation will have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. However, if inflation concerns cause short term rates to rise in the near future, we may benefit by immediate repricing of a portion of our loan portfolio. Higher inflation rates may increase operating expenses or have other adverse effects on our borrowers, making collection on extensions of credit more difficult for us. Refer to Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for further discussion. 

ITEM 7A - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Interest rate risk (IRR) and credit risk constitute the two greatest sources of financial exposure for insured financial institutions that operate like we do. IRR represents the impact that changes in absolute and relative levels of market interest rates may have upon our net interest income (NII). Changes in the NII are the result of changes in the net interest spread between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities (timing risk), the relationship between various rates (basis risk), and changes in the shape of the yield curve. 
 We realize income principally from the differential or spread between the interest earned on loans, investments, other interest-earning assets and the interest incurred on deposits and borrowings. The volumes and yields on loans, deposits and borrowings are affected by market interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, 61.42 of our loan portfolio was tied to adjustable-rate indices. The majority of our adjustable rate loans are tied to prime and reprice within 90 days. Several of our loans, tied to prime, are at their floors and will not reprice until prime plus the factor is greater than the floor. The majority of our time deposits have a fixed rate of interest. As of December 31, 2022, 84.77 of our time deposits mature within one year or less. 
 Changes in the market level of interest rates directly and immediately affect our interest spread, and therefore profitability. Sharp and significant changes to market rates can cause the interest spread to shrink or expand significantly in the near term, principally because of the timing differences between the adjustable rate loans and the maturities (and therefore repricing) of the deposits and borrowings. 
 Our management and Board of Directors Asset/Liability Committees (ALCO) are responsible for managing our assets and liabilities in a manner that balances profitability, IRR and various other risks including liquidity. The ALCO operates under policies and within risk limits prescribed, reviewed, and approved by the Board of Directors. 
 The ALCO seeks to stabilize our NII by matching rate-sensitive assets and liabilities through maintaining the maturity and repricing of these assets and liabilities at appropriate levels given the interest rate environment. When the amount of rate-sensitive liabilities exceeds rate-sensitive assets within specified time periods, NII generally will be negatively impacted by an increasing interest rate environment and positively impacted by a decreasing interest rate environment. Conversely, when the amount of rate-sensitive assets exceeds the amount of rate-sensitive liabilities within specified time periods, net interest income will generally be positively impacted by an increasing interest rate environment and negatively impacted by a decreasing interest rate environment. Our mix of assets consists primarily of loans and securities, none of which are held for trading 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 purposes. The value of these securities is subject to interest rate risk, which we must monitor and manage successfully in order to prevent declines in value of these assets if interest rates rise in the future. The speed and velocity of the repricing of assets and liabilities will also contribute to the effects on our NII, as will the presence or absence of periodic and lifetime interest rate caps and floors. 
 Simulation of earnings is the primary tool used to measure the sensitivity of earnings to interest rate changes. Earnings simulations are produced using a software model that is based on actual cash flows and repricing characteristics for all of our financial instruments and incorporates market-based assumptions regarding the impact of changing interest rates on current volumes of applicable financial instruments. 
 Interest rate simulations provide us with an estimate of both the dollar amount and percentage change in NII under various rate scenarios. All assets and liabilities are normally subjected to up to 400 basis point increases and decreases in interest rates in 100 basis point increments. Under each interest rate scenario, we project our net interest income. From these results, we can then develop alternatives in dealing with the tolerance thresholds. 
 The assets and liabilities of a financial institution are primarily monetary in nature. As such they represent obligations to pay or receive fixed and determinable amounts of money that are not affected by future changes in prices. Generally, the impact of inflation on a financial institution is reflected by fluctuations in interest rates, the ability of customers to repay their obligations and upward pressure on operating expenses. Although inflationary pressures are not considered to be of any particular hindrance in the current economic environment, they may have an impact on the company s future earnings in the event those pressures become more prevalent. 
 As a financial institution, the Company s primary component of market risk is interest rate volatility. Fluctuations in interest rates will ultimately impact both the level of interest income and interest expense recorded on a large portion of the Company s assets and liabilities, and the market value of all interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, other than those which possess a short term to maturity. Virtually all of the Company s interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities are located at the Bank level. Thus, virtually all of the Company s interest rate risk exposure lies at the Bank level other than 5.2 million in subordinated notes issued by the Company s subsidiary, Service 1 st Capital Trust I. As a result, all significant interest rate risk procedures are performed at the Bank level. 
 The fundamental objective of the Company s management of its assets and liabilities is to maximize the Company s economic value while maintaining adequate liquidity and an exposure to interest rate risk deemed by management to be acceptable. Management believes an acceptable degree of exposure to interest rate risk results from the management of assets and liabilities through maturities, pricing and mix to attempt to neutralize the potential impact of changes in market interest rates. The Company s profitability is dependent to a large extent upon its net interest income, which is the difference between its interest income on interest earning assets, such as loans and investments, and its interest expense on interest bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. The Company is subject to interest rate risk to the degree that its interest earning assets re-price differently than its interest bearing liabilities. The Company manages its mix of assets and liabilities with the goals of limiting its exposure to interest rate risk, ensuring adequate liquidity, and coordinating its sources and uses of funds. 
 The Company seeks to control interest rate risk exposure in a manner that will allow for adequate levels of earnings and capital over a range of possible interest rate environments. The Company has adopted formal policies and practices to monitor and manage interest rate risk exposure. Management believes historically it has effectively managed the effect of changes in interest rates on its operating results and believes that it can continue to manage the short-term effects of interest rate changes under various interest rate scenarios. 
 Management employs asset and liability management software and engages consultants to measure the Company s exposure to future changes in interest rates. The software measures the expected cash flows and re-pricing of each financial asset/liability separately in measuring the Company s interest rate sensitivity. Based on the results of the software s output, management believes the Company s balance sheet is evenly matched over the short term and slightly asset sensitive over the longer term as of December 31, 2022. This means that the Company would expect (all other things being equal) to experience a limited change in its net interest income if rates rise or fall. The level of potential or expected change indicated by the tables below is considered acceptable by management and is compliant with the Company s ALCO policies. Management will continue to perform this analysis each quarter. 
 The hypothetical impacts of sudden interest rate movements applied to the Company s asset and liability balances are modeled quarterly. The results of these models indicate how much of the Company s net interest income is at risk from various rate changes over a one year horizon. This exercise is valuable in identifying risk exposures. Management believes the results for the Company s December 31, 2022 balances indicate that the net interest income at risk over a one year time horizon for a 100 basis points bps ), 200 bps, 300 bps, and 400 bps rate increase and a 100 bps decrease is acceptable to management and within policy guidelines at this time. Given the low interest rate environment, 200 bps, 300 bps, and 400 bps decreases are not considered a realistic possibility and are therefore not modeled. 
 The results in the table below indicate the change in net interest income the Company would expect to see as of December 31, 2022, if interest rates were to change in the amounts set forth: 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Sensitivity Analysis of Impact of Rate Changes on Interest Income 
 Hypothetical Change in Rates (Dollars in thousands) Projected Net Interest Income Change from Rates at December 31, 2022 Change from Rates at December 31, 2022 Up 400 bps 95,957 (4,094) (4.09) Up 300 bps 96,748 (3,303) (3.30) Up 200 bps 97,520 (2,531) (2.53) Up 100 bps 98,589 (1,462) (1.46) Unchanged 100,051 Down 100 bps 95,904 (4,147) (4.14) 
 It is important to note that the above table is a summary of several forecasts and actual results may vary from any of the forecasted amounts and such difference may be material and adverse. The forecasts are based on estimates and assumptions made by management, and that may turn out to be different, and may change over time. Factors affecting these estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to: 1) competitor behavior, 2) economic conditions both locally and nationally, 3) actions taken by the Federal Reserve Board, 4) customer behavior and 5) management s responses to each of the foregoing. Factors that vary significantly from the assumptions and estimates may have material and adverse effects on the Company s net interest income; therefore, the results of this analysis should not be relied upon as indicative of actual future results. 
 The following table shows management s estimates of how the loan portfolio is segregated between variable-daily, variable other than daily, and fixed rate loans, and estimates of re-pricing opportunities for the entire loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Rate Type (Dollars in thousands) Balance Percent of Total Balance Percent of Total Variable rate 771,535 61.42 683,357 65.82 Fixed rate 484,658 38.58 354,883 34.18 Total gross loans 1,256,193 100.00 1,038,240 100.00 
 Approximately 61.42 of our loan portfolio is tied to adjustable rate indices and 18.42 of our loan portfolio reprices within 90 days. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,146 commercial and real estate loans totaling 578,407,341 with floors ranging from 0.50 to 9.00 and ceilings ranging from 4.50 to 25.00 . 
 The following table shows the repricing categories of the Company s loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Repricing (Dollars in thousands) Balance Percent of Total Balance Percent of Total 5 Years 628,310 50.02 203,546 19.60 Total gross loans 1,256,193 100.00 1,038,240 100.00 
 Assumptions are inherently uncertain, and, consequently, the model cannot precisely measure net interest income or precisely predict the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest income. Actual results will differ from simulated results due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes, as well as changes in market conditions and management strategies which might moderate the negative consequences of interest rate deviations. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
 Central Valley Community Bancorp and Subsidiary 
 Fresno, California 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Central Valley Community Bancorp and Subsidiary (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive (loss) income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses (ACL) Qualitative Factors 
 
 As described in Notes 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and 4 Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses to the consolidated financial statements, the ACL is a valuation allowance for probable incurred credit losses in the Company s loan portfolio. The ACL consists of two primary components, specific reserves related to impaired loans and general reserves for inherent losses related to loans that are not impaired. The general reserve consists of a simple average of historical losses by portfolio segment and qualitative factors. The qualitative factors include consideration of economic trends in the Company s service areas, industry experience and trends, industry and geographic concentrations, estimated collateral values, the Company s underwriting policies, the character of the loan portfolio, and probable losses inherent in the portfolio taken as a whole. 
 
 Given the significance of the qualitative factors to the overall allowance for credit losses, that management s determination of the qualitative factors is subjective and involves significant management judgments, we have identified auditing the qualitative factors used in the ACL as a critical audit matter. Our audit procedures involved a high degree of auditor judgment and required significant audit effort, including the need to involve more experienced audit personnel. 

56 

Table of Contents 

 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Evaluation of the relevance and reliability of the internal and external data used and its appropriateness and sensitivity as a basis for the adjustments relating to the qualitative factors. 
 Evaluation of the reasonableness of management s significant judgments and assumptions used in the determination of the qualitative factors. 
 Analytically evaluating the directional consistency and magnitude of the change of the qualitative factors to trends in the loan portfolio and other economic data for reasonableness, which included a comparison to the prior period end and evaluating the reasonableness of the qualitative factors as of period end. 
 Testing the mathematical accuracy of the qualitative factors. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2011. March 9, 2023 
 57 

Table of Contents 

CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits in other banks Total cash and cash equivalents Available-for-sale investment securities Held-to-maturity investment securities Equity securities Loans, less allowance for credit losses of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 
 Bank premises and equipment, net Bank owned life insurance Federal Home Loan Bank stock Goodwill Core deposit intangibles Accrued interest receivable and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Deposits: Non-interest bearing Interest bearing Total deposits Short-term borrowings Senior debt and subordinated debentures Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) Shareholders equity : 
 Preferred stock, no par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, no par value; 80,000,000 shares authorized; issued and outstanding: 11,735,291 at December 31, 2022 and 11,916,651 at December 31, 2021 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Interest income: Interest and fees on loans Interest on deposits in other banks Interest and dividends on investment securities: Taxable Exempt from Federal income taxes Total interest income Interest expense: Interest on deposits Interest on subordinated debentures and borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income before provision for credit losses Provision for (reversal of) credit losses ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Non-interest income: Service charges Appreciation in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance Interchange fees Loan placement fees Net realized (losses) gains on sales and calls of investment securities ) Federal Home Loan Bank dividends Other income Total non-interest income Non-interest expenses: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Regulatory assessments Data processing expense Professional services ATM/Debit card expenses Information technology Directors expenses Advertising Internet banking expenses Amortization of core deposit intangibles Other expense Total non-interest expenses Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Cash dividends per common share 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income: Unrealized (losses) gains on securities: Unrealized holdings (losses) gains arising during the period ) ) Less: reclassification for net losses (gains) included in net income ) ) Amortization of net unrealized losses transferred Other comprehensive (loss) income, before tax ) ) Tax benefit (expense) related to items of other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

60 

Table of Contents 

 CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Net of Taxes) Total Shareholders Equity Common Stock Retained Earnings (In thousands, except share amounts) Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income Restricted stock granted, net of forfeitures Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan 
 Stock awarded to employees Stock-based compensation expense 
 Cash dividend 0.44 per common share) ) ) Stock options exercised Repurchase and retirement of common stock 
 ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Restricted stock granted, net of forfeitures Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan 
 Stock awarded to employees Stock-based compensation expense 
 Cash dividend 0.47 per common share) ) ) Stock options exercised Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Net income 
 Other comprehensive loss ) ) Restricted stock granted, net of forfeitures Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan 
 Stock awarded to employees Stock-based compensation expense 
 Cash dividend 0.48 per common share) ) ) Stock options exercised Repurchase and retirement of common stock 
 ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net (increase) decrease in deferred loan costs ) ) Depreciation Accretion ) ) ) Amortization Stock-based compensation Provision (reversal) for credit losses ) Net realized losses (gains) on sales and calls of available-for-sale investment securities ) ) Net gain on sale and disposal of equipment ) ) ) Net change in equity investments ) Increase in bank owned life insurance, net of expenses ) ) ) Net gain on bank owned life insurance ) Net increase in accrued interest receivable and other assets ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in accrued interest payable and other liabilities ) Benefit (provision) for deferred income taxes ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Purchases of available-for-sale investment securities ) ) ) Proceeds from sales or calls of available-for-sale investment securities Proceeds from maturity and principal repayment of available-for-sale investment securities Proceeds from principal repayments of held-to-maturity investment securities Net (increase) decrease in loans ) ) Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of bank owned life insurance ) ) FHLB stock (purchased) redeemed ) Proceeds from bank owned life insurance Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Net (decrease) increase in demand, interest-bearing and savings deposits ) Net (decrease) increase in time deposits ) ) Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt Proceeds from short-term borrowings from Federal Home Loan Bank Repayments of short-term borrowings to Federal Home Loan Bank ) Proceeds of issuance of senior debt Purchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Proceeds from exercise of stock options Cash dividend payments on common stock ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes Operating cash flows from operating leases Non-cash investing and financing activities: Transfer of securities from held-to-maturity to available-for-sale Transfer of unrealized loss on securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Central Valley Community Bancorp and Subsidiary 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 full service offices throughout California s San Joaquin Valley and Greater Sacramento Region. The Bank s primary source of revenue is providing loans to customers who are predominately small and middle-market businesses and individuals. 
 The deposits of the Bank are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to applicable legal limits. Depositors accounts at an insured depository institution, including all non-interest bearing transactions accounts, will be insured by the FDIC up to the standard maximum deposit insurance amount of 250,000 for each deposit insurance ownership category. 
 The accounting and reporting policies of the Company and the Bank conform with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and prevailing practices within the banking industry. 
 Management has determined that because all of the banking products and services offered by the Company are available in each branch of the Bank, all branches are located within the same economic environment and management does not allocate resources based on the performance of different lending or transaction activities, it is appropriate to aggregate the Bank branches and report them as a single operating segment. No customer accounts for more than 10 percent of revenues for the Company or the Bank. 

64 

Table of Contents 

65 

Table of Contents 

quarters, and qualitative factors including economic trends in the Company s service areas, industry experience and trends, industry and geographic concentrations, estimated collateral values, the Company s underwriting policies, the character of the loan portfolio, and probable losses inherent in the portfolio taken as a whole. 
 The Company segregates the allowance by portfolio segment. These portfolio segments include commercial, real estate, and consumer loans. The relative significance of risk considerations vary by portfolio segment. For commercial and real estate loans, the primary risk consideration is a borrower s ability to generate sufficient cash flows to repay their loan. Secondary considerations include the creditworthiness of guarantors and the valuation of collateral. In addition to the creditworthiness of a borrower, the type and location of real estate collateral is an important risk factor for real estate loans. The primary risk considerations for consumer loans are a borrower s personal cash flow and liquidity, as well as collateral value. The allowance for credit losses attributable to each portfolio segment, which includes both impaired loans and loans that are not impaired, is combined to determine the Company s overall allowance, which is included on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Commercial: 
 Commercial and industrial - Commercial and industrial loans are generally underwritten to existing cash flows of operating businesses. Additionally, economic trends influenced by unemployment rates and other key economic indicators are closely correlated to the credit quality of these loans. Past due payments may indicate the borrower s capacity to repay their obligations may be deteriorating. 
 Agricultural production - Loans secured by crop production and livestock are especially vulnerable to two risk factors that are largely outside the control of Company and borrowers: commodity prices and weather conditions. 
 
 Real Estate: 
 Owner-occupied commercial real estate - Real estate collateral secured by commercial or professional properties with repayment arising from the owner s business cash flows. To meet this classification, the owner s operation must occupy no less 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 67 

Table of Contents 

and years. The useful lives of improvements to Bank premises, furniture, fixtures and equipment are estimated to be three to . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the life of the asset or the term of the related lease, whichever is shorter. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in income for the period. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. 
 The Bank evaluates premises and equipment for financial impairment as events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully recoverable. 

percent. In accordance with ASU No. 2014-01, Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323), we elected to account for the investments in qualified affordable housing tax credit funds using the proportional amortization method. Under the proportional amortization method, the initial cost of the investment is amortized in proportion to the tax credits and other tax benefits received and the net investment performance is recognized as part of income tax expense (benefit). Each of the partnerships must meet the regulatory minimum requirements for affordable housing for a minimum 15-year compliance period to fully utilize the tax credits. If the partnerships cease to qualify during the compliance period, the credit may be denied for any period in which the project is not in compliance and a portion of the credit previously taken is subject to recapture with interest. The Company s investment in Low Income Housing Tax Credit LIHTC partnerships is reported in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 

carrying value for foreclosed assets at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. 

68 

Table of Contents 

from the date of acquisition. Management evaluates the remaining useful lives quarterly to determine whether events or circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining periods of amortization. Based on the evaluation, no changes to the remaining useful lives was required. Management performed an annual impairment test on core deposit intangibles as of September 30, 2022 and determined no impairment was necessary. Core deposit intangibles are also tested for impairment between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value below its carrying amount. No such events or circumstances arose during the fourth quarter of 2022, so core deposit intangibles were not required to be retested. 

. 

69 

Table of Contents 

70 

Table of Contents 

2. F 
 71 

Table of Contents 

Interest-earning deposits in other banks Available-for-sale investment securities Held-to-maturity investment securities Equity securities Loans, net Federal Home Loan Bank stock N/A N/A N/A N/A Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: Deposits Short-term borrowings Senior debt and subordinated debentures Accrued interest payable 
 December 31, 2021 Carrying Amount Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial assets: Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits in other banks Available-for-sale investment securities Equity securities Loans, net Federal Home Loan Bank stock N/A N/A N/A N/A Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: Deposits Senior debt and subordinated debentures Accrued interest payable 
 
 These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering the Company s entire holdings of a particular financial instrument for sale at one time, nor do they attempt to estimate the value of anticipated future business related to the instruments. In addition, the tax ramifications related to the realization of unrealized gains and losses can have a significant effect on fair value estimates and have not been considered in any of these estimates. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 73 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Government agencies 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 Private label mortgage and asset backed securities Equity Securities Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 
 Fair Value Measurements Using Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 December 31, 2021 Available-for-sale securities Debt Securities: U.S. Treasury securities U.S. Government agencies Obligations of states and political subdivisions U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 Private label residential mortgage and asset backed securities 
 Corporate debt securities Equity Securities Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 
 Securities in Level 1 are mutual funds and fair values are based on quoted market prices for identical instruments traded in active markets. Fair values for available-for-sale investment securities in Level 2 are based on quoted market prices for similar securities in active markets. For securities where quoted prices or market prices of similar securities are not available, fair values are calculated using discounted cash flows or other market indicators. 
 Management evaluates the significance of transfers between levels based upon the nature of the financial instrument and size of the transfer relative to total assets, total liabilities or total earnings. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no transfers between levels occurred. 
 There were no Level 3 assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. Also there were no liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 impaired loans measured for impairment using the fair value. Those measured at December 31, 2021 were (in thousands): 
 Total assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis 

At the time a loan is considered impaired, it is valued at the lower of cost or fair value. Impaired loans carried at fair value generally receive specific allocations of the allowance for credit losses. For collateral dependent loans, fair value is commonly based on recent real estate appraisals. These appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available. Such adjustments are usually significant and typically result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. Non-real estate collateral may be valued using an appraisal, net book value per the borrower s financial statements, or aging reports, adjusted or discounted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of the valuation, and management s expertise and knowledge of the client and client s business, resulting in a Level 3 fair value classification. The fair value of impaired loans is based on the fair value of the collateral. Impaired loans were determined to be collateral dependent and categorized as Level 3 due to ongoing real estate market conditions resulting in inactive market data, which in turn required the use of unobservable inputs and assumptions in fair value measurements. Impaired loans evaluated under the discounted cash flow method are excluded from the table above. The discounted cash flow method as prescribed by ASC 310 is not a fair value measurement since the discount rate utilized is the loan s effective interest rate which is not a market rate. There were no changes in valuation techniques used during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Appraisals for collateral-dependent impaired loans are performed by certified general appraisers (for commercial properties) or certified residential appraisers (for residential properties) whose qualifications and licenses have been reviewed and verified by the Company. Once received, the assumptions and approaches utilized in the appraisal as well as the overall resulting fair value is compared with independent data sources such as recent market data or industry-wide statistics. 
 There were impaired loans that were measured for impairment using the fair value of the collateral for collateral dependent loans at December 31, 2022. Impaired loans that are measured for impairment using the fair value of the collateral for collateral dependent loans had a principal balance of with a valuation allowance of at December 31, 2021, and a resulting fair value of . The valuation allowance represents specific allocations for the allowance for credit losses for impaired loans. 
 , compared to during the year ended December 31, 2021. There were net charge-offs related to loans carried at fair value at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

75 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 
 ) U.S. Government agencies ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 ) Private label mortgage and asset backed securities ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2022 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Held to Maturity Debt Securities: Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 ) Private label mortgage and asset backed securities ) Corporate debt securities ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized 
 Gains 
 Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated 
 Fair Value 
 Available-for-Sale Securities Debt Securities: U.S. Treasury securities ) U.S. Government agencies Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 ) Private label mortgage and asset backed securities ) Corporate debt securities ) ` ) 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Gross realized gains from sales or calls Gross realized losses from sales or calls ) ) ) 
 During the second quarter of 2022, the Company re-designated certain securities previously classified as available-for-sale to the held-to-maturity classification. The securities re-designated consisted of obligations of states and political subdivision securities, U.S. Government sponsored entity and agency securities collateralized by residential mortgage obligations, private label mortgage and asset backed securities, and corporate debt securities with a total carrying value of million at April 1, 2022. At the time of re-designation, the securities included million of pretax unrealized losses in other comprehensive income; which is being amortized over the remaining life of the securities in a manner consistent with the amortization of a premium or discount. 
 As market interest rates or risks associated with an avail able-for-sale security s issuer continue to change and impact the actual or perceived values of investment securities, the Company may determine that selling these securities and using proceeds to purchase securities that fit with the Company s current risk profile is appropriate and beneficial to the Company. 
 Losses recognized in 2022, 2021, and 2020 were incurred in order to reposition the investment securities portfolio based on the current rate environment. The securities sold at a loss were acquired when the rate environment was not as volatile. The securities sold were primarily purchased to serve a purpose in the rate environment in which the securities were purchased. The Company addressed risks in the security portfolio by selling these securities and using the proceeds to purchase securities that fall within the Company s current risk profile. 
 The provision for income taxes includes ), , and income (benefit)/tax impact from the reclassification of unrealized net (losses)/gains on available-for-sale securities to realized net (losses)/gains on available-for-sale securities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 ) ) U.S. Government agencies ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 ) ) ) Private label residential mortgage and asset backed securities 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) 

77 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 ) ) Private label residential mortgage and asset backed securities 
 ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) ) ) ) 

December 31, 2021 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Available-for-Sale Securities Debt Securities: U.S. Treasury securities ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 ) ) ) Private label residential mortgage backed securities 
 ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 The Company periodically evaluates each investment security for other-than-temporary impairment, relying primarily on industry analyst reports, observation of market conditions and interest rate fluctuations. The portion of the impairment that is attributable to a shortage in the present value of expected future cash flows relative to the amortized cost should be recorded as a current period charge to earnings. The discount rate in this analysis is the original yield expected at time of purchase. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company performed an analysis of the investment portfolio to determine whether any of the investments held in the portfolio had an other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI). The Company evaluated all individual available-for-sale investment securities with an unrealized loss at December 31, 2022 and identified those that had an unrealized loss for at least a consecutive 12 month period, which had an unrealized loss at December 31, 2022 greater than of the recorded book value on that date, or which had an unrealized loss of more than . The Company also analyzed any securities that may have been downgraded by credit rating agencies. 
 For those bonds that met the evaluation criteria, management obtained and reviewed the most recently published national credit ratings for those bonds. There were OTTI losses recorded during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 
 U.S. Treasury Securities - At December 31, 2022, the Company held U.S. Treasury security which was in a loss position for more than 12 months. The unrealized losses on the Company s investments in U.S. Treasury securities were caused by interest rate changes. Because the decline in market value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, and because the Company does not intend to sell, and it is more likely than not that it will not be required to sell those investments until a recovery of fair value, which may be maturity, the Company does not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2022. 
 
 U.S. Government Agencies - At December 31, 2022, the Company held U.S. Government agency security which was in a loss position for more than 12 months. The unrealized losses on the Company s investments in U.S. Government agency 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 obligations of states and political subdivision securities of which were in a loss position for less than 12 months, and 18 have been in a loss position for more than 12 months. Because the decline in market value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, and because the Company does not intend to sell and it is more likely than not that it will not be required to sell those investments until a recovery of fair value, which may be maturity, the Company does not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2022. 
 
 U.S. Government Sponsored Entities and Agencies Collateralized by Residential Mortgage Obligations - At December 31, 2022, the Company held U.S. Government sponsored entity and agency securities collateralized by residential mortgage obligation securities of which were in a loss position for less than 12 months and have been in a loss position for more than 12 months. The unrealized losses on the Company s investments in U.S. Government sponsored entity and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations were caused by interest rate changes. The contractual cash flows of those investments are guaranteed or supported by an agency or sponsored entity of the U.S. Government. Accordingly, it is expected that the securities would not be settled at a price less than the amortized cost of the Company s investment. Because the decline in market value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, and because the Company does not intend to sell, and it is more likely than not that it will not be required to sell those investments until a recovery of fair value, which may be maturity, the Company does not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Private Label Mortgage and Asset Backed Securities - At December 31, 2022, the Company had a total of Private Label Mortgage and Asset Backed Securities (PLMBS). of these securities were in a loss position for less than 12 months and have been in a loss position for more than 12 months at December 31, 2022. Because the decline in market value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, and because the Company does not intend to sell, and it is more likely than not that it will not be required to sell those investments until a recovery of fair value, which may be maturity, the Company does not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2022. The Company continues to monitor these securities for changes in credit ratings or other indications of credit deterioration. 

79 

Table of Contents 

 After one year through five years After five years through ten years After ten years Investment securities not due at a single maturity date: U.S. Government agencies U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 Private label mortgage and asset backed securities 
 Corporate debt securities 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Held-to-Maturity Securities Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Within one year After one year through five years After five years through ten years After ten years Investment securities not due at a single maturity date: U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 Private label mortgage and asset backed securities 
 Corporate debt securities 

and and fair values totaling and were pledged as collateral for borrowing arrangements, public funds and for other purposes at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

80 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 
 Agricultural production Total commercial Real estate: Owner occupied Real estate construction and other land loans Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Other real estate Consumer: Equity loans and lines of credit Consumer and installment Total consumer Net deferred origination costs (fees) Total gross loans Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total loans 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans originated under Small Business Administration (SBA) programs totaling and , respectively, were included in the real estate and commercial categories. In addition, the Company participated in the SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) to help provide loans to our business customers to provide them with additional working capital. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, PPP loans totaling and , respectively, were outstanding and included in the commercial and industrial category above. Approximately in loans were pledged under a blanket lien as collateral to the FHLB for the Bank s remaining borrowing capacity of as of December 31, 2022. The Bank s credit limit varies according to the amount and composition of the investment and loan portfolios pledged as collateral. 
 Salaries and employee benefits totaling , , and have been deferred as loan origination costs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The allowance for credit losses (the allowance is a valuation allowance for probable incurred credit losses in the Company s loan portfolio. The allowance is established through a provision for credit losses which is charged to expense. Additions to the allowance are expected to maintain the adequacy of the total allowance after credit losses and loan growth. Credit exposures determined to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance. Cash received on previously charged-off credits is recorded as a recovery to the allowance. The overall allowance consists of two primary components, specific reserves related to impaired loans and general reserves for probable incurred losses related to loans that are not impaired. 
 For all portfolio segments, the determination of the general reserve for loans that are not impaired is based on estimates made by management, including but not limited to, consideration of historical losses by portfolio segment (and in certain cases peer loss data) over the most recent quarters, and qualitative factors including economic trends in the Company s service areas, industry experience and trends, industry and geographic concentrations, estimated collateral values, the Company s underwriting policies, the character of the loan portfolio, and probable losses inherent in the portfolio taken as a whole. 

81 

Table of Contents 

 Provision (reversal) charged to operations ) Losses charged to allowance ) ) ) Recoveries Balance, end of year 
 
 The following table shows the summary of activities for the allowance for credit losses as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 by portfolio segment (in thousands): 
 Commercial Real Estate Consumer Unallocated Total Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance, January 1, 2022 Provision (reversal) charged to operations ) Losses charged to allowance ) ) ) Recoveries Ending balance, December 31, 2022 Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance, January 1, 2021 Reversal of provision charged to operations ) ) ) ) ) Losses charged to allowance ) ) ) Recoveries Ending balance, December 31, 2021 Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance, January 1, 2020 Provision charged to operations Losses charged to allowance ) ) ) Recoveries Ending balance, December 31, 2020 
 
 The following is a summary of the allowance for credit losses by impairment methodology and portfolio segment as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 
 Commercial Real Estate Consumer Unallocated Total Allowance for credit losses: Ending balance, December 31, 2022 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment Ending balance, December 31, 2021 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 
 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 
 Loans: Ending balance, December 31, 2021 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 
 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 

Agricultural production Real Estate: Owner occupied Real estate construction and other land loans 
 Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Other real estate Consumer: Equity loans and lines of credit Consumer and installment Total 
 
 The following table shows the loan portfolio by class allocated by management s internally assigned risk grade ratings at December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 
 Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial: Commercial and industrial Agricultural production Real Estate: Owner occupied Real estate construction and other land loans 
 Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Other real estate Consumer: Equity loans and lines of credit Consumer and installment Total 
 83 

Table of Contents 

Agricultural production 
 Real estate: Owner occupied Real estate construction and other land loans 
 Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Other real estate Consumer: Equity loans and lines of credit 
 Consumer and installment 
 Total 
 
 The following table shows an aging analysis of the loan portfolio by class and the time past due at December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 
 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due Greater 
 Than 
 90 Days 
 Past Due 
 Total Past Due Current Total Loans Recorded Investment > 90 Days Accruing Non- accrual Commercial: Commercial and industrial 
 Agricultural production 
 Real estate: Owner occupied Real estate construction and other land loans 
 Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Other real estate Consumer: Equity loans and lines of credit 
 Consumer and installment 
 Total 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

Total with no related allowance recorded With an allowance recorded: Commercial: Commercial and industrial Real estate: Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Total real estate Total with an allowance recorded Total 
 
 The recorded investment in loans excludes accrued interest receivable and net loan origination fees, due to immateriality. 
 The following table shows information related to impaired loans by class at December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 
 Recorded Investment Unpaid Principal Balance Related Allowance With no related allowance recorded: Consumer: Equity loans and lines of credit Total with no related allowance recorded With an allowance recorded: Commercial: Commercial and industrial Agricultural land and production Total commercial Real estate: Real estate construction and other land loans Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Total real estate Consumer: Equity loans and lines of credit Total consumer Total with an allowance recorded Total 
 
 The recorded investment in loans excludes accrued interest receivable and net loan origination fees, due to immateriality. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Agricultural production Total commercial Real estate: Owner occupied Real estate construction and other land loans 
 Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Total real estate Consumer: Equity loans and lines of credit Total with no related allowance recorded With an allowance recorded: Commercial: Commercial and industrial Agricultural production Total commercial Real estate: Real estate construction and other land loans 
 Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Total real estate Consumer: Equity loans and lines of credit Consumer and installment Total consumer Total with an allowance recorded Total 
 Foregone interest on nonaccrual loans totaled , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Interest income recognized on cash basis during the years presented above was not considered significant for financial reporting purposes. 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings: 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has a recorded investment in troubled debt restructurings TDR of and, , respectively. The Company has allocated and of specific reserves for those loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has committed to lend additional amounts as of December 31, 2022 to customers with outstanding loans that are classified as troubled debt restructurings. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020 the terms of certain loans were modified as TDRs. The modification of the terms of such loans included one or a combination of the following: a reduction of the stated interest rate of the loan or an extension of the maturity date at a stated rate of interest lower than the current market rate for new debt with 
 86 

Table of Contents 

Real Estate: Real estate construction and other land loans 
 Total 
 
 (1) Amounts represent the recorded investment in loans before recognizing effects of the TDR, if any. 
 (2) Balance outstanding after principal modification, if any borrower reduction to recorded investment. 
 
 The following table presents loans by class modified as TDRs that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2020 (dollars in thousands): 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings: Number of Loans Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment (1) Principal Modification Post Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment (2) Outstanding Recorded Investment Commercial: Commercial and Industrial 
 (1) Amounts represent the recorded investment in loans before recognizing effects of the TDR, if any. 
 (2) Balance outstanding after principal modification, if any borrower reduction to recorded investment. 
 
 defaults on troubled debt restructurings within 12 months following the modification during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

5. 
 Buildings and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Leasehold improvements Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

6. 
 
 . Total goodwill at December 31, 2022 consisted of , , , , and representing the excess of the cost of Folsom Lake Bank, Sierra Vista Bank, Visalia Community Bank, Service 1 st Bancorp, and Bank of Madera County, respectively, over the net of the amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transactions accounted for under the purchase method of accounting. The value of goodwill is ultimately derived from the Company s ability to generate net earnings after the acquisitions and is not deductible for tax purposes. A decline in net earnings could be indicative of a decline in the fair value of goodwill and result in impairment. For that reason, goodwill is assessed at least annually for impairment. 
 The Company has selected September 30 as the date to perform the annual impairment test. Management assessed qualitative factors including performance trends and noted no factors indicating goodwill impairment. 
 Goodwill is also tested for impairment between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the Company below its carrying amount. No such events or circumstances arose during the fourth quarter of 2022, so goodwill was not required to be retested. 
 . Core deposit intangibles are being amortized using the straight-line method over an estimated life of five to from the date of acquisition. At December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining amortization period is less than . The carrying value of intangible assets at December 31, 2022 was , net of in accumulated amortization expense. The carrying value at December 31, 2021 was , net of in accumulated amortization expense. Management evaluates the remaining useful lives quarterly to determine whether events or circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining periods of amortization. Based on the evaluation, no changes to the remaining useful lives was required. Amortization expense recognized was for 2022, for 2021, and for 2020. The remaining core deposit intangible will be amortized during 2023. 

7. 
 Money market NOW accounts Time, 250,000 or more Time, under 250,000 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Money market NOW accounts Time certificates of deposit 

8. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of San Francisco advances with an interest rate of as compared to advance at December 31, 2021. Approximately in loans were pledged under a blanket lien as collateral to the FHLB for the Bank s remaining borrowing capacity of as of December 31, 2022. FHLB advances are also secured by investment securities with amortized costs totaling and and market values totaling and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Bank s credit limit varies according to the amount and composition of the investment and loan portfolios pledged as collateral. 
 
 Lines of Credit - The Bank had unsecured lines of credit with its correspondent banks which, in the aggregate, amounted to and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, at interest rates which vary with market conditions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no Federal funds purchased. 
 
 Federal Reserve Line of Credit - The Bank has a line of credit in the amount of and with the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco (FRB) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which bears interest at the prevailing discount rate collateralized by investment securities with amortized costs totaling and and market values totaling and , respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank had no outstanding borrowings with the FRB. 

9. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 Weighted average discount rate 
 The table below shows operating lease right of use assets and operating lease liabilities as of : 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Operating lease right-of-use assets Operating lease liabilities 

90 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 Deferred Provision for income taxes 2021 Current Deferred Provision for income taxes 2020 Current Deferred ) ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 
 Deferred compensation Unrealized loss on available-for-sale investment securities Net operating loss carryovers Mark-to-market adjustment Other deferred tax assets Other-than-temporary impairment Loan and investment impairment Operating lease liabilities Partnership income State taxes Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Finance leases ) ) Unrealized gain on available-for-sale investment securities ) Core deposit intangible ) ) FHLB stock ) ) Loan origination costs ) ) Bank premises and equipment ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 The determination of the amount of deferred income tax assets which are more likely than not to be realized is primarily dependent on projections of future earnings, which are subject to uncertainty and estimates that may change given economic conditions and other factors. The realization of deferred income tax assets is assessed and a valuation allowance is recorded if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. More likely than not is 
 91 

Table of Contents 

State taxes, net of Federal tax benefit Tax exempt investment security income, net ) ) ) Bank owned life insurance, net ) ) ) Compensation - Stock Compensation ) ) ) Other ) ) Effective tax rate 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had Federal and California net operating loss NOL carry-forwards of and , respectively. These NOLs were acquired through business combinations and are subject to IRC 382 will begin expiring at various dates between 2029 and 2035, for federal purposes and various dates between 2030 and 2036 for California purposes. While they are subject to IRC Section 382, management has determined that all of the NOLs are more than likely than not to be utilized before they expire. 
 The Company and its subsidiary file income tax returns in the U.S. federal and California jurisdictions. The Company conducts all of its business activities in the State of California. There are no pending U.S. federal or state income tax examinations by those taxing authorities. The Company is no longer subject to the examination by U.S. federal taxing authorities for the years ended before December 31, 2019 and by the state taxing authorities for the years ended before December 31, 2018. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no unrecognized tax benefits and does not expect any material changes in the next 12 months. 
 interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

11. SENIOR DEBT AND 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Floating rate senior debt bank loan, due 2032 Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures, due October 2036 Total subordinated debentures 
 
 Junior Subordinated Debentures 
 
 Service 1 st Capital Trust I is a Delaware business trust formed by Service 1 st . The Company succeeded to all of the rights and obligations of Service 1 st in connection with the merger with Service 1 st as of November 12, 2008. The Trust was formed on August 17, 2006 for the sole purpose of issuing trust preferred securities fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Service 1 st . Under applicable regulatory guidance, the amount of trust preferred securities that is eligible as Tier 1 capital is limited to of the Company s Tier 1 capital on a pro forma basis. At December 31, 2022, all of the trust preferred securities that have been issued qualify as Tier 1 capital. The trust preferred securities mature on October 7, 2036, are redeemable at the Company s option, and require quarterly distributions by the Trust to the holder of the trust preferred securities at a variable interest rate which will adjust quarterly to equal the three month LIBOR plus . 
 The Trust used the proceeds from the sale of the trust preferred securities to purchase approximately in aggregate principal amount of Service 1 st s junior subordinated notes (the Notes). The Notes bear interest at the same variable interest rate during the same quarterly periods as the trust preferred securities. The Notes are redeemable by the Company on 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 days following the occurrence of certain events, such as: (i) a change in the regulatory capital treatment of the Notes (ii) in the event the Trust is deemed an investment company or (iii) upon the occurrence of certain adverse tax events. In each such case, the Company may redeem the Notes for their aggregate principal amount, plus any accrued but unpaid interest. 
 The Notes may be declared immediately due and payable at the election of the trustee or holders of of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes in the event that the Company defaults in the payment of any interest following the nonpayment of any such interest for or more consecutive quarterly periods. 
 Holders of the trust preferred securities are entitled to a cumulative cash distribution on the liquidation amount of per security. For each January 7, April 7, July 7 or October 7 of each year, the rate will be adjusted to equal the three month LIBOR plus . As of December 31, 2022, the rate was . Interest expense recognized by the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 
 Subordinated Debentures 
 
 On November 12, 2021, the Company completed a private placement of million aggregate principal amount of its fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes Subordinated Debt due December 1, 2031. The Subordinated Debt initially bears a fixed interest rate of per year. Commencing on December 1, 2026, the interest rate on the Subordinated Debt will reset each quarter at a floating interest rate equal to the then-current three month term SOFR plus basis points. The Company may at its option redeem in whole or in part the Subordinated Debt on or after November 12, 2026 without a premium. The Subordinated Debt is treated as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory purposes. 
 
 Senior Debt 
 
 On September 15, 2022, the Company entered into a million loan agreement with Bell Bank. Initially, payments of interest only are payable in 12 quarterly payments commencing December 31, 2022. Commencing December 31, 2025, 27 equal quarterly principal and interest payments are payable based on the outstanding balance of the loan on August 30, 2025 and an amortization of 48 quarters. A final payment of outstanding principal and accrued interest is due at maturity on September 30, 2032. Variable interest is payable at the Prime Rate (published by the Wall Street Journal) less basis points. The loan is secured by the assets of the Company and a pledge of the outstanding common stock of Central Valley Community Bank, the Company s banking subsidiary. The Company may prepay the loan without penalty with one exception. If the loan is prepaid prior to August 30, 2025 with funds received from a financing source other than Bell Bank, the Company will incur a prepayment penalty. The loan contains customary representations, covenants, and events of default. 
 
 Interest expense recognized by the Company for the Subordinated and Senior Debt for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

12. 
 
 at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Financial Instruments With Off-Balance-Sheet Risk - The Bank is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business in order to meet the financing needs of its customers and to reduce its own exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. These financial instruments consist of commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized on the balance sheet. 
 The Bank s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Bank uses the same credit policies in making commitments and standby letters of credit as it does for loans included on the balance sheet. 
 Standby letters of credit 
 
 Commitments to extend credit consist primarily of unfunded commercial loan commitments and revolving lines of credit, single-family residential equity lines of credit and commercial and residential real estate construction loans. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 of total commitments and are generally secured by collateral other than real estate or unsecured. Real estate loan commitments represent of total commitments and are generally secured by property with a loan-to-value ratio not to exceed . Consumer loan commitments represent the remaining of total commitments and are generally unsecured. In addition, the majority of the Bank s loan commitments have variable interest rates. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of a contingent allocation for probable loan loss experience on unfunded obligations was and , respectively. The contingent allocation for probable loan loss experience on unfunded obligations is calculated by management using an appropriate, systematic, and consistently applied process. While related to credit losses, this allocation is not a part of the allowance for credit losses and is considered separately as a liability for accounting and regulatory reporting purposes. Changes in this contingent allocation are recorded in other non-interest expense. 
 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk - At December 31, 2022, in management s judgment, a concentration of loans existed in commercial loans and real-estate-related loans, representing approximately of total loans of which were commercial and were real-estate-related. 
 At December 31, 2021, in management s judgment, a concentration of loans existed in commercial loans and real-estate-related loans, representing approximately of total loans of which were commercial and were real-estate-related. 
 Management believes the loans within these concentrations have no more than the typical risks of collectability. However, in light of the current economic environment, additional declines in the performance of the economy in general, or a continued decline in real estate values or drought-related decline in agricultural business in the Company s primary market area could have an adverse impact on collectability, increase the level of real-estate-related nonperforming loans, or have other adverse effects which alone or in the aggregate could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company. 
 
 Contingencies - The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the amount of ultimate liability with respect to such actions will not materially affect the consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations of the Company. 
 
 and , respectively. All commitments will be paid by the Company by 2038. 

13. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET 1) Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio December 31, 2021 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET 1) Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 
 
 The following table presents the Bank s regulatory capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 (Dollars in thousands) Actual Ratio Minimum regulatory requirement (1) December 31, 2022 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Tier 1 Leverage Ratio Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET 1) Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio December 31, 2021 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET 1) Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio (1) The minimum regulatory requirement threshold includes the capital conservation buffer of 2.50 . 
 Dividends - During 2022, the Company paid dividends to the Bank in the amount of in connection with the senior and subordinated debt proceeds approved by the Company s Board of Directors. The Company declared and paid a total of 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 or per common share cash dividend to shareholders of record during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and retired common stock in the amount of . 
 During 2021, the Bank declared and paid cash dividends to the Company in the amount of , in connection with the cash dividends to the Company s shareholders approved by the Company s Board of Directors. The Company declared and paid a total of or per common share cash dividend to shareholders of record during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased and retired common stock in the amount of . 
 During 2020, the Bank declared and paid cash dividends to the Company in the amount of , in connection with the cash dividends to the Company s shareholders approved by the Company s Board of Directors. The Company declared and paid a total of or per common share cash dividend to shareholders of record during the year ended December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repurchased and retired common stock in the amount of . 
 The Company s primary source of income with which to pay cash dividends is dividends from the Bank. The California Financial Code restricts the total amount of dividends payable by a bank at any time without obtaining the prior approval of the California Department of Business Oversight to the lesser of (1) the Bank s retained earnings or (2) the Bank s net income for its last three fiscal years, less distributions made to shareholders during the same three-year period. At December 31, 2022, of the Bank s retained earnings were free of these restrictions. 
 Weighted average shares outstanding Net income per common share Diluted Earnings Per Common Share: Net income Weighted average shares outstanding Effect of dilutive stock options and warrants Weighted average shares of common stock and common stock equivalents 
 Net income per diluted common share 

outstanding options and restricted stock awards were anti-dilutive at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

14. EQUITY 
 equity-based compensation plans, which are described below. The Plans do not provide for the settlement of awards in cash and new shares are issued upon option exercise or restricted share grants. 
 In May 2015, the Company adopted the Central Valley Community Bancorp 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (2015 Plan). The plan provides for awards in the form of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, and restricted stock. The plan also allows for performance awards that may be in the form of cash or shares of the Company s common stock, including restricted stock. The 2015 plan requires that the exercise price may not be less than the fair market value of the stock at the date the option is granted, and that the option price must be paid in full at the time it is exercised. The options and awards under the plan expire on dates determined by the Board of Directors, but not later than from the date of grant. The vesting period for the options, restricted common stock awards and option related stock appreciation rights is determined by the Board of Directors and is over one to . The maximum number of shares that can be issued with respect to all awards under the plan is . Currently under the 2015 Plan, shares remain reserved for future grants as of December 31, 2022. 
 Effective June 2, 2017, the Company adopted an Employee Stock Purchase Plan whereby our employees may purchase Company common shares through payroll deductions of between percent and 15 percent of pay in each pay period. Shares are purchased at the end of an offering period at a discount of percent from the lower of the closing market price on the Offering Date (first trading day of each offering period) or the Investment Date (last trading day of each offering period). The plan calls for common shares to be set aside for employee purchases, and there were shares available for future purchase under the plan as of December 31, 2022. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 , , and , respectively. The recognized tax benefit for share-based compensation expense was , , and for 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 
 
 options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock were granted during the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 from any of the Company s stock based compensation plans. 
 Options exercised ) Options forfeited ) Options outstanding at December 31, 2020 Options exercised ) Options outstanding at December 31, 2021 Options exercised ) Options forfeited ) Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 Information related to the stock option plan during each year follows (in thousands): 
 2022 2021 2020 Intrinsic value of options exercised Cash received from options exercised Excess tax benefit realized for option exercises 
 As of December 31, 2022, there is unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options granted under all Plans. All options are fully vested. 
 
 Restricted Common Stock Awards - The 2015 Plan provide for the issuance of shares to directors and officers. Restricted common stock grants typically vest over a one to five-year period. Restricted common stock (all of which are shares of our common stock) is subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to vesting. The cost of these awards is recognized over the vesting period of the awards based on the fair value of our common stock on the date of the grant. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested outstanding shares at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested outstanding shares at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 
 The shares awarded to employees and directors under the restricted stock agreements vest on applicable vesting dates only to the extent the recipient of the shares is then an employee or a director of the Company or one of its subsidiaries, and each recipient will forfeit all of the shares that have not vested on the date his or her employment or service is terminated. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of restricted stock that are nonvested and expected to vest. Share-based compensation cost charged against income for restricted stock awards was , , and for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 
 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted common stock. Restricted stock compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of years and will be adjusted for subsequent changes in estimated forfeitures. Restricted common stock awards had an intrinsic value of at December 31, 2022. 

15. 
 of service. Bank contributions to the profit sharing plan are determined at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Participants are automatically vested in all employer contributions. The Bank contributed , , and to the profit sharing plan in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Additionally, the Bank may elect to make a matching contribution to the participants 401(k) plan accounts. The amount to be contributed is announced by the Bank at the beginning of the plan year. For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 and 2020, the Bank made a matching contribution on all deferred amounts up to of eligible compensation. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Bank made matching contributions totaling , , and , respectively. 
 
 Deferred Compensation Plans - The Bank has a nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan which provides directors with an unfunded, deferred compensation program. Under the plan, eligible participants may elect to defer some or all of their current compensation or director fees. Deferred amounts earn interest at an annual rate determined by the Board of Directors at December 31, 2022). At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total net deferrals included in accrued interest payable and other liabilities were and , respectively. 
 In connection with the implementation of the above plan, single premium universal life insurance policies on the life of each participant were purchased by the Bank, which is the beneficiary and owner of the policies. The cash surrender value of the policies totaled and and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Income recognized on these policies, net of related expenses, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was , , and , respectively. 
 In October 2015, the Board of Directors of the Company and the Bank adopted a board resolution to create the Central Valley Community Bank Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (the Executive Plan). Pursuant to the Executive Plan, all 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 percent of their compensation for each deferral year. Deferred amounts earn interest at an annual rate determined by the Board of Directors at December 31, 2022). At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total net deferrals included in accrued interest payable and other liabilities were and , respectively. 
 
 Salary Continuation Plans - The Board of Directors has approved salary continuation plans for certain key executives. Under these plans, the Bank is obligated to provide the executives with annual benefits for - years after retirement. In connection with the acquisitions of Folsom Lake Bank (FLB), Service 1 st Bank, and Visalia Community Bank (VCB), the Bank assumed a liability for the estimated present value of future benefits payable to former key executives of FLB, Service 1 st, and VCB. The liability relates to change in control benefits associated with their salary continuation plans. The benefits are payable to the individuals when they reach retirement age. These benefits are substantially equivalent to those available under split-dollar life insurance policies purchased by the Bank on the life of the executives. The (benefit)/expense recognized under these plans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, totaled ), , and , respectively. Note, the expense is effected by the changing discount rate used to calculate the liability. Accrued compensation payable under the salary continuation plans totaled and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These benefits are substantially equivalent to those available under split-dollar life insurance policies acquired. 
 In connection with these plans, the Bank purchased single-premium life insurance policies with cash surrender values totaling and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Income recognized on these policies, net of related expense, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 totaled , , and , respectively. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan - During 2017, the Company adopted an Employee Stock Purchase Plan which allows employees to purchase the Company s stock at a discount to fair market value as of the date of purchase. The Company bears all costs of administering the plan, including broker s fees, commissions, postage and other costs actually incurred. 

16. 
 
 Disbursements Amounts repaid ) Balance, December 31, 2022 Undisbursed commitments to related parties, December 31, 2022 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 17. 
 Investment in Bank subsidiary Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities: Senior debt and subordinated debentures Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity: Common stock Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 100 

Table of Contents Other income Total income ) Expenses: Interest on subordinated debentures and borrowings Professional fees Other expenses Total expenses (Loss) income before equity in undistributed net income of Subsidiary ) Equity in undistributed net income of Subsidiary, net of distributions Income before income tax benefit Benefit from income taxes Net income Comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Undistributed net income of subsidiary, net of distributions ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Amortization of unamortized issuance cost Net (increase) decrease in other assets ) ) Net increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) Benefit for deferred income taxes Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows used in investing activities: Investment in subsidiary Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of subordinated and senior debt Cash dividend payments on common stock ) ) ) Purchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Net cash used in financing activities ) (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Cash paid during the year for interest 

ITEM 9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 
 Not Applicable. 

ITEM 9A - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Based on management s evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to, and are effective to, provide assurance at a reasonable level that the information we are required to disclose in this report is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as 
 such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- l 5(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the guidelines established in the Internal Control--Integrated Framework (2013 framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Based on the results of our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. We reviewed the results of management s assessment with our Audit Committee. 
 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Pursuant to SEC rules applicable to small reporting companies and non-accelerated filers, this Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an audit report on internal control over financial reporting from the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 (d) Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

ITEM 9B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Not Applicable. 

ITEM 9C - DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not Applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10 - DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 For information required of this Item can be found in the definitive Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A (the Proxy Statement), which section of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 CODE OF ETHICS 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 We maintain and enforce Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all employees, including our CEO and CFO. A copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics , has been posted on the Investor Relations portion of our website, under the Investment Menu - Governance Documents, at www.cvcb.com. 
 
 We intend to disclose and changes or amendments to our code of ethics or waivers from our code of ethics applicable to our CEO and by posting such changes or waivers to our website. 

ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 
 The information required by this Item can be found in the definitive Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A (the Proxy Statement), which section of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 
 For information concerning security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management, see PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS and ELECTION OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY in the definitive Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A (the Proxy Statement), which section of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 
 The following chart sets forth information for the year ended December 31, 2022, regarding equity-based compensation plans of the Company. 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Plan Category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 681,466 (2) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 N/A N/A N/A Total 681,466 
 (1) Under the Central Valley Community Bancorp 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (2015 Plan), the Company is authorized to issue restricted stock awards. Restricted stock awards are not included in the total in column (a). See Note 14 in the audited Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 (2) Includes securities available for issuance of stock options and restricted stock. 
 At December 31, 2022, there were shares of restricted common stock issued and outstanding. No options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock were issued during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 from any of the Company s equity-based compensation plans. During the year ended December 31, 2022, shares of restricted common stock were granted under the 2015 Plan, and shares of restricted common stock were granted during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS. 
 
 For information concerning certain relationships and related transactions, see CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS and INDEBTEDNESS OF MANAGEMENT in the definitive Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A (the Proxy Statement), which section of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 For information concerning principal accounting fees and services, see PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES in the definitive Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A (the Proxy Statement), which section of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a)(1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 The Financial Statements of the Company and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: are set forth in Part II, Item 8 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 (a)(2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 All schedules to the Financial Statements are omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they are required or because the required information is included in the Financial Statements or accompanying notes. 
 
 (a)(3) EXHIBITS 
 
 The exhibits filed as part of this report and exhibits incorporated by reference to other documents are as follows: 

Exhibit Number Exhibit 1 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and Merger dated December 19, 2012, by and among Central Valley Community Bancorp, Central Valley Community Bank and Visalia Community Bank, incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the proxy statement-prospectus contained in the Amendment No. 2 to Form S-4, Registration Statement No. 333-187260, filed May 8, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 2 The Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and Merger among Central Valley Community Bancorp, Central Valley Community Bank, and Sierra Vista Bank, dated April 28, 2016, attached as Exhibit 2.2 to the Form 8-K, filed April 29, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3 The Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and Merger among Central Valley Community Bancorp, Central Valley Community Bank, and Folsom Lake Bank, dated April 27, 2017, incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the proxy statement-prospectus contained in the Amendment No. 1 to Form S-4, Registration Statement No. 333-218664, filed June 26, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.1 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation, dated June 28, 2000, attached as Exhibit 3.1.2 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, filed on March 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation, dated January 6, 2003, attached as Exhibit 3.1.3 to Registrant s Annual report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2003, filed March 26, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation, dated January 6, 2003, attached as Exhibit 3.1.3 to Registrant s Annual report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2003, filed March 26, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation, dated October 31, 2005, attached as Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant s Quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, filed November 14, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 3.5 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Central Valley Community Bancorp, attached as Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 10-Q for quarter ended June 30, 2010, filed August 16, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.6 Revised and Restated Bylaws of the Company as amended her e in. 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of August 17, 2006 between Service 1st Bancorp, as Issuer, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, attached as Exhibit 4.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August June 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.2 Declaration of Trust for Service 1st Capital Trust I, dated as of August 17, 2006, between Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as trustee, and Central Valley Community Bancorp as successor through merger to Service 1st Bancorp, attached as Exhibit 4.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August June 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.3 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, attached as Exhibit 4.3 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed on March 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.1 Deferred Fee Agreement by and between Clovis Corporation and Daniel N. Cunningham, attached as Exhibit 10.10 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, filed on March 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.2 Deferred Fee Agreement by and between Clovest Corporation and Louis McMurray, attached as Exhibit 10.12 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, filed on March 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.3 Deferred Fee Agreement by and between Clovest Corporation and William S. Smittcamp, attached as Exhibit 10.14 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, filed on March 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.4 Executive Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Clovis Community Bank and Daniel J. Doyle, dated June 7, 2000, attached as Exhibit 10.19 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, filed on March 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.5 Executive Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Clovis Community Bank and Gary Quisenberry, dated June 7, 2000, attached as Exhibit 10.21 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, filed on March 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.6 Clovis Community Bank Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Agreement for Daniel N. Cunningham, attached as Exhibit 10.23 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, filed on March 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.7 Clovis Community Bank Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Agreement for Steven McDonald, attached as Exhibit 10.24 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, filed on March 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.8 Clovis Community Bank Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Agreement for Louis McMurray, attached as Exhibit 10.25 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, filed on March 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.9 Clovis Community Bank Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Agreement for William S. Smittcamp, attached as Exhibit 10.27 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, filed on March 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 10.10 Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement by and between Clovis Community Bank and Daniel J. Doyle, dated June 21, 2000, attached as Exhibit 10.28 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, filed on March 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.11 Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement by and between Clovis Community Bank and Gary Quisenberry, dated June 21, 2000, attached as Exhibit 10.30 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, filed on March 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.12 Director Deferred Fee Agreement by and between Clovis Community Bank and Edwin S. Darden. Jr., effective August 1, 2001, attached as Exhibit 10.34 to the Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2001, filed March 21, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.13 Addendum A, Clovis Community Bank Split Dollar Agreement and Endorsement by and between Clovis Community Bank and Edwin S. Darden Jr., effective November 29, 2001, attached as Exhibit 10.35 to the Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2001, filed March 21, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.14 Form of Second Amended and Restated Director Deferred Fee Agreement by and between Clovis Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, Steven McDonald, Louis McMurray, and William S. Smittcamp, effective February 13, 2002, attached as Exhibit 10.36 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, filed August 12, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.15 Schedule A, Participants Normal Retirement Age and Form of Benefit Elected to Second Amended and Restated Director Deferred Fee Agreement by and between Clovis Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, Steven McDonald, Louis McMurray, and William S. Smittcamp, effective February 13, 2002, attached as Exhibit 10.37 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, filed August 12, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.16 Addendum A, Clovis Community Bank Split Dollar Agreement and Endorsement by and between Clovis Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, Steven McDonald, Louis McMurray, and William S. Smittcamp, effective February 13, 2002, attached as Exhibit 10.38 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, filed August 12, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.17 Schedule B, Participants and Their Executive Interest in Clovis Community Bank Split Dollar Agreement and Endorsement, by and between Clovis Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, Steven McDonald, Louis McMurray, and William S. Smittcamp, effective February 13, 2002, attached as Exhibit 10.39 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, filed August 12, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.18 Amendment No. 1 to Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel J. Doyle effective October 16, 2002, attached as Exhibit 10.42 to the Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2002, filed March 31, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.19 Form of Amendment to the Split Dollar Agreement and Policy Endorsement with Central Valley Community Bank by and between Central Valley Community Bank f/k/a Clovis Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, Steven McDonald, Louis McMurray, and William S. Smittcamp, effective January 1, 2003, attached as Exhibit 10.43 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, filed May 8, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.20 Schedule C, Participants and life insurance policies in Central Valley Community Bank Amended Split Dollar Agreement and Policy Endorsement by and between Central Valley Community Bank f/k/a Clovis Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, Steven McDonald, Louis McMurray, and William S. Smittcamp, effective January 1, 2003, attached as Exhibit 10.44 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, filed May 8, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 10.21 Schedule C, Participants and life insurance policies in Central Valley Community Bank Amended Split Dollar Agreement and Policy Endorsement by and between Central Valley Community Bank f/k/a Clovis Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, Steven McDonald, Louis McMurray, and William S. Smittcamp, effective January 1, 2003, attached as Exhibit 10.44 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, filed May 8, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.22 Schedule C, Participants and life insurance policies in Central Valley Community Bank Amended Split Dollar Agreement and Policy Endorsement by and between Central Valley Community Bank f/k/a Clovis Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, Steven McDonald, Louis McMurray, and William S. Smittcamp, effective January 1, 2003, attached as Exhibit 10.44 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, filed May 8, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.23 Second Amendment to the Clovest Corporation Director Deferred Compensation Plan Agreement Dated November 14, 1996 by and between Clovest Corporation and Daniel N. Cunningham effective October 31, 2003, attached as Exhibit 10.47 to the Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2003, filed March 26, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.24 Second Amendment to the Clovest Corporation Director Deferred Compensation Plan Agreement Dated November 14, 1996 by and between Clovest Corporation and William S. Smittcamp effective October 31, 2003, attached as Exhibit 10.48 to the Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2003, filed March 26, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.25 Second Amendment to the Clovest Corporation Director Deferred Compensation Plan Agreement Dated November 14, 1996 by and between Clovest Corporation and Louis McMurray effective October 31, 2003, attached as Exhibit 10.49 to the Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2003, filed March 26, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.26 Form of Amendment No. 1 To Salary Continuation Agreement dated June 7, 2000 by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Gary Quisenberry and Tom Sommer effective February 1, 2005, attached as Exhibit 10.52 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June, 30 2005, filed August 15, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.27 Exhibit 1 to Amendment No. 1 to Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Gary Quisenberry effective February 1, 2005, attached as Exhibit 10.54 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June, 30 2005, filed August 15, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.28 Form of Amendment No. 1 To Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Gary Quisenberry and Tom Sommer effective February 1, 2005, attached as Exhibit 10.57 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June, 30 2005, filed August 15, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.29 Form of Amendment No. 1 To Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Gary Quisenberry and Tom Sommer effective February 1, 2005, attached as Exhibit 10.57 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June, 30 2005, filed August 15, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.30 Amendment No. 3 To Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel Doyle effective February 1, 2005, attached as Exhibit 10.62 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June, 30 2005, filed August 15, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.31 Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and David Kinross, dated July 1, 2006, attached as Exhibit 10.65 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June, 30 2006, filed August 11, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.32 Executive Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and David Kinross, dated July 1, 2006, attached as Exhibit 10.66 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June, 30 2006, filed August 11, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 10.33 Amended and Restated Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel J. Doyle, dated December 31, 2006, attached as Exhibit 10.67 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, filed March 29, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.34 Amended and Restated Executive Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel J. Doyle, dated December 31, 2006, attached as Exhibit 10.68 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, filed March 29, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.35 Amended Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and David Kinross, dated March 1, 2007, attached as Exhibit 10.73 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, filed March 29, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.36 Amended Executive Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and David Kinross, dated March 1, 2007, attached as Exhibit 10.74 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, filed March 29, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.37 Amended Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Gary Quisenberry, dated March 1, 2007, attached as Exhibit 10.77 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, filed March 29, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.38 Amended Executive Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Gary Quisenberry, dated March 1, 2007, attached as Exhibit 10.78 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, filed March 29, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.39 Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Lydia E. Shaw, dated January 2, 2008, attached as Exhibit 10.79 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, filed March 5, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.40 Executive Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Lydia E. Shaw, dated January 2, 2008, attached as Exhibit 10.80 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, filed March 5, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.41 Form of Salary Continuation Agreement Amendment dated March 1, 2008 by and between Central Valley Community Bank and David Kinross, Tom Sommer, Lydia Shaw and Gary Quisenberry, attached as Exhibit 10.81 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, filed March 5, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.42 Salary Continuation Agreement Amendment dated March 1, 2008 by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel J. Doyle, attached as Exhibit 10.82 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, filed March 5, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.43 Form of Second Amendment to the Director Deferred Compensation Agreement effective January 1, 2009 by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, Edwin S. Darden, Jr., Steven D. McDonald, Louis C. McMurray, and William S. Smittcamp, attached as Exhibit 10.83 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009, filed November 13, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.44 Second Executive Salary Continuation Agreement effective April 1, 2010 by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Gary Quisenberry, attached as Exhibit 10.85 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, filed on May 13, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 10.45 Second Amended and Restated Executive Salary Continuation Agreement effective July 1, 2011, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel J. Doyle, attached as Exhibit 10.89 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011, filed on November 14, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.46 Second Amended and Restated Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement effective July 1, 2011, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel J. Doyle, attached as Exhibit 10.90 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011, filed on November 14, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.47 Amended Executive Salary Continuation Agreement effective January 1, 2012, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Lydia Shaw, attached as Exhibit 10.91 to Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed March 21, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.48 Amended Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Agreement effective January 1, 2012, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Lydia Shaw, attached as Exhibit 10.92 to Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed March 21, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.49 Second Amended Executive Salary Continuation Agreement effective January 1, 2012, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and David Kinross, attached as Exhibit 10.93 to Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed March 21, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.50 Second Amended Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Agreement effective January 1, 2012, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and David Kinross, attached as Exhibit 10.94 to Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed March 21, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.51 Amended Second Executive Salary Continuation Agreement effective January 1, 2012, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Gary Quisenberry, attached as Exhibit 10.95 to Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed March 21, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.52 Second Amended Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Agreement effective January 1, 2012, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Gary Quisenberry, attached as Exhibit 10.96 to Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed March 21, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.53 Amended Split Dollar Plan Agreement and Endorsement effective March 21, 2012, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and William S. Smittcamp, attached as Exhibit 10.99 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, filed May 11, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.54 Amended Split Dollar Plan Agreement and Endorsement effective March 21, 2012, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, attached as Exhibit 10.100 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, filed May 11, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.55 Amended Split Dollar Plan Agreement and Endorsement effective March 21, 2012, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Louis McMurray, attached as Exhibit 10.101 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, filed May 11, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.56 Amended Split Dollar Plan Agreement and Endorsement effective March 21, 2012, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Steven D. McDonald, attached as Exhibit 10.102 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, filed May 11, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.57 Amended Split Dollar Plan Agreement and Endorsement effective March 21, 2012, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Edwin S. Darden, attached as Exhibit 10.103 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, filed May 11, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 10.58 Amended Split Dollar Plan Agreement and Endorsement effective December 18, 2013, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, attached as Exhibit 10.104 to Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2013, filed March 21, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.59 Amended Split Dollar Plan Agreement and Endorsement effective December 18, 2013, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Edwin S. Darden, attached as Exhibit 10.105 to Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2013, filed March 21, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.60 Amended Split Dollar Plan Agreement and Endorsement effective December 18, 2013, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Louis McMurray, attached as Exhibit 10.106 to Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2013, filed March 21, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.61 Amended Split Dollar Plan Agreement and Endorsement effective December 18, 2013, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Steven D. McDonald, attached as Exhibit 10.107 to Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2013, filed March 21, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.62 Amended Split Dollar Plan Agreement and Endorsement effective December 18, 2013, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and William S. Smittcamp, attached as Exhibit 10.108 to Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2013, filed March 21, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.63 Executive Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and James M. Ford, dated April 4, 2014, attached as Exhibit 10.110 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014, filed May 13, 2014 incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.64 Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and James M. Ford, dated April 4, 2014, attached as Exhibit 10.111 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014, filed May 13, 2014 incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.65 Central Valley Community Bank Executive Deferred Compensation Plan dated October 21, 2015, attached as Exhibit 10.110 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed March 15, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.66 Central Valley Community Bancorp 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan dated May 20, 2015, attached as Exhibit 10.114 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed March 29, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.67 Service 1st Bank Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Service 1st Bank and Patrick J. Carman effective August 22, 2008, as amended, attached as Exhibit 10.11 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed on March 29, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.68 Central Valley Community Bancorp Employee Stock Purchase Plan dated June 1, 2017, attached as Exhibit 4.3 to Registration Statement No. 333-218408 on Form S-8, filed June 1, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.69 Executive Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and James J. Kim, dated February 1, 2019, attached as Exhibit 10.83 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed March 8, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.70 Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and James J. Kim, dated February 1, 2019, attached as Exhibit 10.84 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed March 8, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.71 Executive Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Teresa Gilio, dated May 1, 2019, attached as Exhibit 10.84 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed as March 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 10.72 Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Teresa Gilio, dated May 1, 2019. attached as Exhibit 10.85 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed on March 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.73 Amended Executive Salary Continuation Agreement effective April 1, 2020, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and James J. Kim, attached as Exhibit 10.86 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 filed May 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.74 Amended Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Agreement effective April 1, 2020, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and James J. Kim, attached as Exhibit 10.87 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 filed May 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.75 Executive Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Ken Ramos, dated April 1, 2020, attached as Exhibit 10.88 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 filed May 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.76 Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Ken Ramos, dated April 1, 2020, attached as Exhibit 10.89 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 filed May 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.77 Third Amended Executive Salary Continuation Agreement effective April 1, 2020, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and David Kinross, attached as Exhibit 10.90 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 filed May 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.78 Third Amended Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Agreement effective April 1, 2020, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and David Kinross, attached as Exhibit 10.91 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 filed May 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.79 Change in Control Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and David A. Kinross, James J. Kim, Patrick A. Luis, A. Kenneth Ramos, Teresa Gilio, and Blaine C. Lauhon, Dated April 30, 2021, attached as Exhibit 99.1 to file Form 8-K, filed May 5, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.80 Executive Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Patrick Luis, dated July 1, 2021, attached as Exhibit 10.93 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 filed August 4, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.81 Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Patrick Luis, dated July 1, 2021, attached as Exhibit 10.94 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 filed August 4, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.82 Employment Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and James J. Kim effective November 1, 2021, attached as Exhibit 99.2 to the Form 8K filed September 10, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.83 Restricted Stock Award Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bancorp and James J. Kim, dated February 1, 2022. 
 10.84 Change in Control Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Jeffrey Martin, effective June 3, 2022 , attached as Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 8K filed June 3 , 2022 and incorporated herein by reference . 
 21 Subsidiaries, attached as Exhibit 21 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and incorporated by reference. 
 22 N/A 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 23 Consent of Crowe LLP 
 24 Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) [Section 302] Certification Of Principal Executive Officer 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) [Section 302] Certification Of Principal Financial Officer 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Link Document 
 
 Management contract and compensatory plans. 
 
 ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 Omitted at registrant s option 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP Date: March 9, 2023 By: /s/ James J. Kim James J. Kim President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 9, 2023 By: /s/ Dawn P. Crusinberry Dawn P. Crusinberry Executive Vice President (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY AND SIGNATURES 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENT, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints James J. Kim, his or her attorney-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ James J. Kim Date: March 9, 2023 James J. Kim, President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Dawn P. Crusinberry Date: March 9, 2023 Dawn P. Crusinberry, Executive Vice President (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Daniel J. Doyle Date: March 9, 2023 Daniel J. Doyle, Chairman of the Board and Director /s/ Daniel N. Cunningham Date: March 9, 2023 Daniel N. Cunningham, Vice Chairman of the Board and Director /s/ F.T. Tommy Elliott, IV Date: March 9, 2023 F.T. Tommy Elliott, IV, Director /s/ Robert J. Flautt Date: March 9, 2023 Robert J. Flautt, Director /s/ Gary D. Gall Date: March 9, 2023 Gary D. Gall, Director /s/ Andriana D. Majarian Date: March 9, 2023 Andriana D. Majarian, Director /s/ Steven D. McDonald Date: March 9, 2023 Steven D. McDonald, Director /s/ Louis McMurray Date: March 9, 2023 Louis McMurray, Director /s/ Karen Musson Date: March 9, 2023 Karen Musson, Director /s/ Dorothea D. Silva Date: March 9, 2023 Dorothea D. Silva, Director /s/ William S. Smittcamp Date: March 9, 2023 William S. Smittcamp, Director 
 115 

<EX-3.6>
 2
 exhibit36revisedandrestate.htm
 EX-3.6 REVISED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF THE COMPANY

Document 

Exhibit 3.6 Revised and Restated Bylaws of the Company 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 OF 
 CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP A California Corporation 
 BN 31277883v1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 
 ARTICLE 1. OFFICES 
 1 
 Section 1.1 Principal Executive Office. 
 1 
 Section 1.2 Other Offices. 
 1 
 ARTICLE 2. MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS 
 1 
 Section 2.1 Place of Meetings. 
 1 
 Section 2.2 Annual Meeting. 
 1 
 Section 2.3 Notice of Annual Meeting. 
 1 
 Section 2.4 Nominations for Director. 
 3 
 Section 2.5 Shareholder Proposals at Annual Meetings. 
 3 
 Section 2.6 Special Meetings. 
 4 
 Section 2.7 Annual or Special Meeting by Electronic Communication. 
 4 
 Section 2.8 Notice of Special Meetings. 
 5 
 Section 2.9 Conduct of Meetings. 
 5 
 Section 2.10 Quorum. 
 6 
 Section 2.11 Adjourned Meeting and Notice. 
 6 
 Section 2.12 Record Date. 
 6 
 Section 2.13 Voting. 
 7 
 Section 2.14 Proxies. 
 8 
 Section 2.15 Validation of Defectively Called or Noticed Meetings. 
 9 
 Section 2.16 Action Without Meeting. 
 9 
 Section 2.17 Inspectors of Election. 
 10 
 ARTICLE 3. BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 11 
 Section 3.1 Powers Approval of Loans to Officers. 
 11 
 Section 3.2 Number and Qualification of Directors. 
 11 
 Section 3.3 Election and Term of Office. 
 12 
 Section 3.4 Vacancies. 
 12 
 Section 3.5 Time and Place of Meetings. 
 13 
 Section 3.6 Notice of Special Meetings. 
 13 
 Section 3.7 Action at a Meeting Quorum and Required Vote. 
 14 
 Section 3.8 Action Without a Meeting. 
 14 
 Section 3.9 Adjourned Meeting and Notice. 
 15 
 Section 3.10 Fees and Compensation. 
 15 
 Section 3.11 Appointment of Executive and Other Committees. 
 15 
 ARTICLE 4. OFFICERS 
 16 
 Section 4.1 Officers. 
 16 
 Section 4.2 The Chairman of the Board. 
 17 
 Section 4.3 Chief Executive Officer. 
 17 
 Section 4.4 The President. 
 17 
 Section 4.5 Vice-Presidents. 
 17 
 Section 4.6 The Secretary. 
 18 
 Section 4.7 Chief Financial Officer. 
 18 
 
 i 
 BN 31277883v1 

Section 4.8 The Controller. 
 19 
 ARTICLE 5. EXECUTION OF CORPORATE INSTRUMENTS, RATIFICATION, AND VOTING OF STOCKS OWNED BY THE CORPORATION 
 19 
 Section 5.1 Execution of Corporate Instruments. 
 19 
 Section 5.2 Ratification by Shareholders. 
 19 
 Section 5.3 Voting of Stocks Owned by the Corporation. 
 20 
 ARTICLE 6. ANNUAL AND OTHER REPORTS 
 20 
 Section 6.1 Reports to Shareholders. 
 20 
 Section 6.2 Report of Shareholder Vote. 
 21 
 Section 6.3 Reports to the Secretary of State. 
 21 
 ARTICLE 7. SHARES OF STOCK 
 22 
 Section 7.1 Stock Certificates. 
 22 
 Section 7.2 Certificated and Uncertificated Shares. 
 22 
 ARTICLE 8. INSPECTION OF CORPORATE RECORDS 
 23 
 Section 8.1 General Records. 
 23 
 Section 8.2 Inspection of Bylaws. 
 24 
 ARTICLE 9. INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS 
 24 
 Section 9.1 Right to Indemnification. 
 24 
 Section 9.2 Authority to Advance Expenses. 
 25 
 Section 9.3 Right of Claimant to Bring Suit. 
 26 
 Section 9.4 Provisions Nonexclusive. 
 26 
 Section 9.5 Authority to Insure. 
 26 
 Section 9.6 Survival of Rights. 
 26 
 Section 9.7 Settlement of Claims. 
 27 
 Section 9.8 Effect of Amendment. 
 27 
 Section 9.9 Subrogation. 
 27 
 Section 9.10 No Duplication of Payments. 
 27 
 ARTICLE 10. AMENDMENTS 
 27 
 Section 10.1 Power of Shareholders. 
 27 
 Section 10.2 Power of Directors. 
 27 
 ARTICLE 11. DEFINITIONS 
 28 

ii 
 BN 31277883v1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 OF 
 CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP A California Corporation 
 ARTICLE 1. OFFICES 
 Section 1.a Principal Executive Office. 
 The principal executive office for the transaction of the business of the corporation shall be established and maintained by the Board of Directors at any place within or without the State of California. The Board of Directors is hereby granted full power and authority to change said principal executive office from one location to another. 
 Section 1.b Other Offices. 
 Other business offices may at any time be established at any place or places specified by the Board of Directors. 
 ARTICLE 2. MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS 
 Section 1.a Place of Meetings. 
 All meetings of shareholders shall be held at the principal executive office of the corporation or at any other place within or without the State of California specified by the Board of Directors, or, to the extent permitted by and in accordance with Section 2.7 , by electronic transmission by and to the corporation (as these terms are defined in Article 11 hereof) or by electronic video screen communication. 
 Section 1.b Annual Meeting. 
 The annual meeting of the shareholders shall be held at the time and date in each year fixed by the Board of Directors. At the annual meeting directors shall be elected, reports of the affairs of the corporation shall be considered, and any other business may be transacted that is within the power of the shareholders. 
 Section 1.c Notice of Annual Meeting. 
 (i) Written notice of each annual meeting shall be given to each shareholder entitled to vote, either personally, by electronic transmission by the corporation (as defined in Article 11 hereof), or by first-class mail, or, if the corporation has outstanding shares held of record by 500 or more persons (determined in accordance with Section 605 of the General Corporation Law) on the record date for the meeting, by third-class mail, or by other means of written communication, charges prepaid, addressed to such shareholder at the shareholder s address appearing on the books of the corporation or given by such shareholder to the corporation for the purpose of notice. 
 BN 31277883v1 

(ii) If any notice or report addressed to the shareholder at the address of such shareholder appearing on the books of the corporation is returned to the corporation by the United States Postal Service marked to indicate that the United States Postal Service is unable to deliver the notice or report to the shareholder at such address, all future notices or reports shall be deemed to have been duly given without further mailing if the same shall be available for the shareholder upon written demand of the shareholder at the principal executive office of the corporation for a period of one year from the date of the giving of the notice or report to all other shareholders. If a shareholder gives no address, notice shall be deemed to have been given to such shareholder if addressed to the shareholder at the place where the principal executive office of the corporation is situated, or if published at least once in some newspaper of general circulation in the county in which said principal executive office is located. 
 (iii) Notice given by electronic transmission by the corporation (as defined in Article 11 hereof) shall be valid only if such notice complies with the procedures set forth in such definition and as long as neither of the following has occurred (i) the corporation is unable to deliver two consecutive notices to the shareholder by that means or (ii) the inability to so deliver the notices to the shareholder becomes known to the secretary, any assistant secretary, the transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of the notice. If the circumstances described in either clauses (i) or (ii) above occurs with respect to a shareholder, the corporation shall again obtain the consent of such shareholder as required by the definition of electronic transmission by the corporation set forth in Article 11 hereof prior to utilizing electronic transmission by the corporation to provide notices of shareholders meetings to such shareholder. 
 (iv) All such notices shall be given to each shareholder entitled thereto not less than ten (10) days (or, if sent by third-class mail, thirty (30) days) nor more than sixty (60) days before each annual meeting. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given at the time when delivered personally, sent by electronic transmission by the corporation (as defined in Article 11 hereof), or deposited in the mail or sent by other means of written communication. An affidavit of mailing or electronic transmission of any such notice in accordance with the foregoing provisions, executed by the Secretary, Assistant Secretary or any transfer agent of the corporation, shall be prima facie evidence of the giving of the notice. 
 Such notice shall specify 
 (a) the place (unless the meeting is to be conducted solely by electronic transmission by and to the corporation (as these terms are defined in Article 11 hereof) if permitted by Section 2.7 ), the date, and the hour of such meeting 
 (b) if the meeting is to be conducted in whole or in part by means of electronic communication by and to the corporation, (i) the means of electronic transmission by and to the corporation (as these terms are defined in Article 11 hereof) or electronic video screen communication, if any, by which shareholders may participate in that meeting and (ii) notice that absent the valid consent of all of the shareholders of the corporation for the utilization of electronic transmission by and to the corporation (as these terms are defined in Article 11 hereof) as required by such definitions, the meeting shall include a physical location 
 (c) those matters that the Board of Directors, at the time of the mailing of the notice, intends to present for action by the shareholders (but, subject to the provisions of Section 2.5 below, any proper matter may be presented at the meeting for such action) 
 (d) if directors are to be elected, the names of nominees intended at the time of the notice to be presented by the Board of Directors for election 
 BN 31277883v1 

(e) the general nature of a proposal, if any, to take action with respect to approval of (i) a contract or other transaction with an interested director, (ii) amendment of the Articles of Incorporation, (iii) a reorganization of the corporation as defined in Section 181 of the General Corporation Law, (iv) voluntary dissolution of the corporation, or (v) a distribution in dissolution other than in accordance with the rights of outstanding preferred shares, if any and 
 (f) such other matters, if any, as may be expressly required by statute. 
 Section 1.d Nominations for Director. 
 Nominations for election of members of the Board of Directors may be made by the Board of Directors or by any shareholder of any outstanding class of voting stock of the Corporation entitled to vote for election of directors. Notice of intention to make any nominations, other than by the Board of Directors, shall be made in writing and shall be received by the Chief Executive Officer or President of the Corporation not less than twenty-one (21) days nor more than sixty (60) days prior to any meeting of shareholders called for the election of directors provided, however, that if less than 21 days notice of the meeting is given to shareholders, such notice of intention to nominate shall be mailed or delivered to the Chief Executive Officer or President of the Corporation not later that the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which the notice of meeting is mailed. Such notification shall contain the following information to the extent known to the notifying shareholder (A) the name and address of each proposed nominee (B) the principal occupation of each proposed nominee (C) the number of shares of voting stock of the Corporation owned by each proposed nominee (D) the name and residence address of the notifying shareholder and (E) the number of shares of voting stock of the Corporation owned by the notifying shareholder. Nominations not made in accordance herewith shall be disregarded by the chairman of the meeting, and the inspectors of election shall then disregard all votes cast for each such nominee. 
 Section 1.e Shareholder Proposals at Annual Meetings. 
 At an annual meeting of the shareholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting, business must be specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a shareholder. In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a shareholder, the shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing (as defined in Article 11 to the Secretary of the corporation. To be timely, a shareholder s notice shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day nor earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting (provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after such anniversary date of the annual meeting, notice by the shareholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation). In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting of shareholders commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a shareholder s notice as described above. A shareholder s notice to the Secretary shall set forth as to each matter the shareholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (ii) the name and record address of the shareholder proposing such business, 
 BN 31277883v1 

(iii) the class and number of shares of the corporation which are beneficially owned by the shareholder, and (iv) any material interest of the shareholder in such business. 
 Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at the annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.5 provided , however , that nothing in this Section 2.5 shall be deemed to preclude discussion by any shareholder of any business properly brought before the annual meeting in accordance with said procedure. 
 The chair of an annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.5 , and if the chair should so determine, the chair shall so declare to the meeting, and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. 
 Nothing in this Section 2.5 shall affect the right of a shareholder to request inclusion of a proposal in the corporation s proxy statement to the extent that such right is provided by an applicable rule of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Section 1.f Special Meetings. 
 Special meetings of the shareholders for any purpose or purposes whatsoever may be called at any time by the Chairman of the Board (if there be such an officer appointed), by the President, by the Board of Directors, or by one or more shareholders entitled to cast not less than ten percent (10 of the votes at the meeting. 
 Section 1.g Annual or Special Meeting by Electronic Communication. 
 A meeting of the shareholders may be conducted, in whole or in part, by electronic transmission by and to the corporation (as these terms are defined in Article 11 hereof) or by electronic video screen communication (a) if the corporation implements measures to provide shareholders (in person or by proxy) an opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the shareholders, including an opportunity to read or hear the proceedings of the meeting concurrently with those proceedings, and (b) if any shareholder votes or takes other action at the meeting by means of electronic transmission to the corporation (as defined in Article 11 hereof) or electronic video screen communication, a record of that vote or action is maintained by the corporation. If authorized by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, and subject to the statutory requirements of shareholder consent then in effect and those guidelines and procedures as the Board of Directors may adopt, shareholders not physically present in person or by proxy at a meeting of shareholders may, by electronic transmission by and to the corporation (as these terms are defined in Article 11 hereof) or by electronic video screen communication, participate in a meeting of shareholders, be deemed present in person or by proxy, and vote at a meeting of shareholders whether that meeting is to be held at a designated place or in whole or in part by means of electronic transmission by and to the corporation (as these terms are defined in Article 11 hereof) or by electronic video screen communication, in accordance with this Section 2.7 . A shareholder s participation in a meeting of the shareholders by electronic communication by and to the corporation (as these terms are defined in Article 11 is predicated upon the consent of such shareholder to electronic communication by the corporation (as such term is defined in Article 11 and as required by such definition). Unless all of the shareholders have consented to the use of electronic transmission by and to the corporation (as these terms are defined in Article 11 for the purposes of a shareholders meeting (or to the use of such transmissions for such meetings generally) a shareholders meeting shall include a physical location determined in accordance with Section 2.1 . 
 BN 31277883v1 

Section 1.h Notice of Special Meetings. 
 Upon request in writing (as defined in Article 11 that a special meeting of shareholders be called for any proper purpose, directed to the Chairman of the Board (if there be such an officer appointed), Chief Executive Officer, President, Vice President or Secretary by any person (other than the Board of Directors) entitled to call a special meeting of shareholders, the officer forthwith shall cause notice to be given to the shareholders entitled to vote that a meeting will be held at a time requested by the person or persons calling the meeting, not less than thirty-five (35) nor more than sixty (60) days after the receipt of the request. Except in special cases where other express provision is made by statute, notice of any special meeting of shareholders shall be given in the same manner as for annual meetings of shareholders. In addition to the matters required by Section 2.3(d)(1) and, if applicable, Sections 2.3(d)(2)-(6) of these Bylaws, notice of any special meeting shall specify the general nature of the business to be transacted, and no other business may be transacted at such meeting. 
 Section 1.i Conduct of Meetings. 
 The Board of Directors of the Corporation may adopt such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of the shareholders as it shall deem appropriate. The Secretary of the Corporation or, in his or her absence or inability to act, the person whom the chairman of the meeting shall appoint secretary of the meeting, shall act as secretary of the meeting and keep the minutes thereof. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board of Directors, the chairman of any meeting of the shareholders shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following (a) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting (b) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present (c) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall determine (d) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof and (e) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. The chairman of the meeting shall also rule on the precedence of and procedure on motions and other procedural matters, and exercise discretion with respect to such procedural matters. Should any person in attendance become unruly or obstruct the meeting proceedings, the chairman of the meeting shall have the power to have such person removed from the meeting. 
 Section 1.j Quorum. 
 The presence in person or by proxy of persons entitled to vote a majority of the voting shares at any meeting shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares represented and voting at the meeting (which shares voting affirmatively also constitute at least a majority of the required quorum) shall be the act of the shareholders, unless the vote of a different number or voting by classes is required by the General Corporation Law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws. Any meeting of shareholders, whether or not a quorum is present, may be adjourned from time to time by the vote of the holders of a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy thereat and entitled to vote, but in the absence of a quorum no other business may be transacted at such meeting, except that the shareholders present or represented by proxy at a duly called or held meeting, at which a quorum is present, may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough shareholders to leave less than a quorum, if any action taken (other than adjournment) is approved by at least a majority of the shares required to 
 BN 31277883v1 

constitute a quorum, or if required by the General Corporation Law or the Articles of Incorporation, the vote of a greater number or voting by classes. 
 Section 1.k Adjourned Meeting and Notice. 
 When any shareholders meeting, either annual or special, is adjourned for more than forty-five (45) days, or if after adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Except as provided above, it shall not be necessary to give any notice of the time and place of the adjourned meeting (or the means of electronic transmission by and to the corporation (as these terms are defined in Article 11 hereof) or electronic video screen communication, if any, by which the shareholders may participate), or of the business to be transacted thereat, other than by announcement of the time and place thereof at the meeting at which such adjournment is taken. 
 Section 1.l Record Date. 
 (i) The Board of Directors may fix a time in the future as a record date for the determination of the shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote at any meeting of shareholders or entitled to give consent to corporate action in writing (as defined in Article 11 without a meeting, to receive any report, to receive any dividend or other distribution, or allotment of any rights, or to exercise rights in respect of any other lawful action. The record date so fixed shall be not more than sixty (60) days nor less than ten (10) days prior to the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty (60) days prior to any other action. A determination of shareholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of shareholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting unless the Board of Directors fixes a new record date for the adjourned meeting, but the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date if the meeting is adjourned for more than forty-five (45) days from the date set for the original meeting. When a record date is so fixed, only shareholders of record at the close of business on that date are entitled to notice of and to vote at any such meeting, to give consent without a meeting, to receive any report, to receive the dividend, distribution, or allotment of rights, or to exercise the rights, as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of any shares on the books of the corporation after the record date, except as otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws. 
 (ii) If no record date is fixed 
 (a) The record date for determining shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of shareholders shall be at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which notice is given or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the business day preceding the day on which the meeting is held. 
 (b) The record date for determining shareholders entitled to give consent to corporate action in writing (as defined in Article 11 without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors has been taken, shall be the day on which the first written consent is given. 
 (c) The record date for determining shareholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto, or the sixtieth (60th) day prior to the date of such other action, whichever is later. 
 Section 1.m Voting. 
 (i) Except as may be otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation (as amended), each outstanding share, regardless of class, shall be entitled to one vote on each 
 BN 31277883v1 

matter submitted to a vote of shareholders. Any holders of shares entitled to vote on any matter may vote part of the shares in favor of the proposal and refrain from voting the remaining shares or vote them against the proposal, other than elections to office, but, if the shareholder fails to specify the number of shares such shareholder is voting affirmatively, it will be conclusively presumed that the shareholder s approving vote is with respect to all shares such shareholder is entitled to vote. 
 (ii) Subject to the provisions of Sections 702 through 704 of the General Corporation Law (relating to voting of shares held by a fiduciary, receiver, pledgee, or minor, in the name of a corporation, or in joint ownership), persons in whose names shares entitled to vote stand on the stock records of the corporation at the close of business on the record date shall be entitled to vote at the meeting of shareholders. Such vote may be viva voce or by ballot provided , however , that all elections for directors must be by ballot upon demand made by a shareholder at any election and before the voting begins. Shares of this corporation owned by a corporation more than twenty-five percent (25 of the voting power of which is owned directly by this corporation, or indirectly through one or more majority-owned subsidiaries of this corporation, shall not be entitled to vote on any matter. 
 (iii) No shareholder shall be entitled to cumulate votes on any matters, including, without limitation, the election of directors. 
 (iv) The candidates for directors receiving the highest number of affirmative votes of shares entitled to be voted for them, up to the number of directors to be elected by such shares, shall be elected and votes against a director and votes withheld shall have no legal effect. 
 Section 1.n Proxies. 
 (i) Every person entitled to vote shares (including voting by written consent) may authorize another person or other persons to act by proxy with respect to such shares. Proxy means a written authorization signed or an electronic transmission authorized by a shareholder or the shareholder s attorney-in-fact giving another person or persons power to vote with respect to the shares of such shareholder. Signed for the purpose of this Section 2.14 means the placing of the shareholder s name or other authorization on the proxy (whether by manual signature, typewriting, telegraphic, or electronic transmission or otherwise) by the shareholder or the shareholder s attorney-in-fact. A proxy may be transmitted by an oral telephone transmission if it is submitted with information from which it may be determined that the proxy was authorized by the shareholder, or his or her attorney-in-fact. Any proxy duly executed is not revoked and continues in full force and effect until (i) a written instrument revoking it is filed with the Secretary of the corporation prior to the vote pursuant thereto, (ii) a subsequent proxy executed by the person executing the prior proxy is presented to the meeting, (iii) the person executing the proxy attends the meeting and votes in person, or (iv) written notice of the death or incapacity of the maker of such proxy is received by the corporation before the vote pursuant thereto is counted provided that no such proxy shall be valid after the expiration of eleven (11) months from the date of its execution, unless otherwise provided in the proxy. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, a proxy that states that it is irrevocable, is irrevocable for the period specified therein to the extent permitted by Section 705(e) and (f) of the General Corporation Law. The dates contained on the forms of proxy presumptively determine the order of execution, regardless of the postmark dates on the envelopes in which they are mailed. 
 (ii) As long as no outstanding class of securities of the corporation is registered under of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or is not exempted from such registration by Section 12(g)(2) of such Act, any form of proxy or written consent distributed to ten (10) or more shareholders of the corporation when outstanding shares of the corporation are held of record by 100 or more persons shall afford an opportunity on the proxy or form of written 
 BN 31277883v1 

consent to specify a choice between approval and disapproval of each matter or group of related matters intended to be acted upon at the meeting for which the proxy is solicited or by such written consent, other than elections to office, and shall provide, subject to reasonable specified conditions, that where the person solicited specifies a choice with respect to any such matter the shares will be voted in accordance therewith. In any election of directors, any form of proxy in which the directors to be voted upon are named therein as candidates and which is marked by a shareholder withhold or otherwise marked in a manner indicating that the authority to vote for the election of directors is withheld shall not be voted for the election of a director. 
 Section 1.o Validation of Defectively Called or Noticed Meetings. 
 The transactions of any meeting of shareholders, however called and noticed, and wherever held, are as valid as though had at a meeting duly held after regular call and notice, if a quorum is present either in person or by proxy, and if, either before or after the meeting, each of the persons entitled to vote, not present in person or by proxy, provides a waiver of notice or consent to the holding of the meeting or approval of the minutes thereof in writing (as defined in Article 11 ). All such waivers, consents and approvals shall be filed with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of and presence at such meeting, except when the person objects, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened and except that attendance at a meeting is not a waiver of any right to object to the consideration of matters required by these Bylaws or by the General Corporation Law to be included in the notice if such objection is expressly made at the meeting. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any regular or special meeting of shareholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice, consent to the holding of the meeting or approval of the minutes thereof, unless otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, or unless the meeting involves one or more matters specified in Section 2.3(d)(4) of these Bylaws. 
 Section 1.p Action Without Meeting. 
 (i) Directors may be elected without a meeting by a consent in writing (as defined in Article 11 ), setting forth the action so taken, signed by all of the persons who would be entitled to vote for the election of directors, provided that , without notice except as hereinafter set forth, a director may be elected at any time to fill a vacancy not filled by the directors (other than a vacancy created by removal of a director) by the written consent of persons holding a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote for the election of directors. 
 Any other action that may be taken at a meeting of the shareholders, may be taken without a meeting, and without prior notice except as hereinafter set forth, if a consent in writing (as defined in Article 11 ), setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding shares having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. 
 (ii) Unless the consents of all shareholders entitled to vote have been solicited in writing (as defined in Article 11 
 (a) notice of any proposed shareholder approval of (i) a contract or other transaction with an interested director, (ii) indemnification of an agent of the corporation, (iii) a reorganization of the corporation as defined in Section 181 of the General Corporation Law, or (iv) a distribution in dissolution other than in accordance with the rights of outstanding preferred shares, if any, without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent, shall be given at least ten (10) days before the consummation of the action authorized by such approval in accordance with Section 2.3 of these Bylaws and 
 BN 31277883v1 

(b) prompt notice shall be given of the taking of any other corporate action approved by shareholders without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent to those shareholders entitled to vote who have not consented in writing (as defined in Article 11 ). Such notices shall be given in the manner provided in Section 2.3 of these Bylaws. 
 Any shareholder giving a written consent, or the shareholder s proxyholders, or a transferee of the shares or a personal representative of the shareholder or their respective proxyholders, may revoke the consent personally or by proxy by a writing (as defined in Article 11 received by the corporation prior to the time that written consents of the number of shares required to authorize the proposed action have been filed with the Secretary of the corporation, but may not do so thereafter. Such revocation is effective upon its receipt by the Secretary of the corporation. 
 Section 1.q Inspectors of Election. 
 (i) In advance of any meeting of shareholders, the Board of Directors may appoint inspectors of election to act at the meeting and any adjournment thereof. If inspectors of election are not so appointed, or if any persons so appointed fail to appear or refuse to act, the chair of any such meeting may, and on the request of any shareholder or the holder of such shareholder s proxy shall, appoint inspectors of election (or persons to replace those who so fail or refuse) at the meeting. The number of inspectors shall be either one or three. If inspectors are appointed at a meeting on the request of one or more shareholders or holders of proxies, the majority of shares represented in person or by proxy shall determine whether one inspector or three inspectors are to be appointed. 
 (ii) The inspectors of election shall determine the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each, the shares represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum and the authenticity, validity and effect of proxies receive votes, ballots or consents hear and determine all challenges and questions in any way arising in connection with the right to vote count and tabulate all votes or consents determine when the polls shall close determine the result and do such acts as may be proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all shareholders. 
 (iii) The inspectors of election shall perform their duties impartially, in good faith, to the best of their ability and as expeditiously as is practical. If there are three inspectors of election, the decision, act or certificate of a majority is effective in all respects as the decision, act or certificate of all. Any report or certificate made by the inspectors of election is prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. 
 ARTICLE 3. BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 Section 1.a Powers. 
 Subject to the provisions of the General Corporation Law and any limitations in the Articles of Incorporation relating to action required to be approved by the shareholders or by the outstanding shares, the business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may delegate the management of the day-to-day operation of the business of the corporation to a management company or other person, provided that the business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised under the ultimate direction of the Board of Directors. 
 BN 31277883v1 

Section 1.b Number and Qualification of Directors. 
 The authorized number of directors of the corporation shall not be less than nine (9) nor more than fifteen (15) until changed by amendment of the Articles of Incorporation or by a Bylaw amending this Section 3.2 duly adopted by the vote or written consent of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, provided , however , that if the minimum or fixed number of directors is five (5) or more, an amendment reducing the fixed number or minimum number of directors to a number less than five (5) cannot be adopted if the votes cast against its adoption at a meeting, or the shares not consenting in the case of action by written consent, are equal to more than sixteen and two-thirds percent (16-2 3 of the outstanding shares entitled to vote. No amendment may change the stated maximum number of authorized directors to a number greater than two times the stated minimum minus one. The exact number of directors within the range of authorized directors shall be fixed from time to time, within the limits specified in the Articles of Incorporation or in this Section 3.2 , (a) by a bylaw or amendment thereof duly adopted by the vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote represented at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present, or by the written consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, or (b) by resolution adopted from time-to-time by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 1.c Election and Term of Office. 
 The directors shall be elected at each annual meeting of shareholders, but, if any such annual meeting is not held or the directors are not elected thereat, the directors may be elected at any special meeting of shareholders held for that purpose. Each director, including a director elected to fill a vacancy, shall hold office until the expiration of the term for which elected and until a successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s prior death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office. 
 Section 1.d Vacancies. 
 A vacancy in the Board of Directors shall be deemed to exist in case of the death, resignation or removal of any director, if a director has been declared of unsound mind by order of court or convicted of a felony, if the authorized number of directors is increased, if the incorporator or incorporators have failed to appoint the authorized number of directors in any resolution for appointment of directors upon the initial organization of the corporation, or if the shareholders fail, at any annual or special meeting of shareholders at which any director or directors are elected, to elect the full authorized number of directors to be voted for at that meeting. 
 Vacancies in the Board of Directors, except for a vacancy created by the removal of a director, may be filled by a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present, or if the number of directors then in office is less than a quorum, (a) by the unanimous written consent of the directors then in office, (b) by the vote of a majority of the directors then in office at a meeting held pursuant to notice or waivers of notice in compliance with these Bylaws, or (c) by a sole remaining director. Each director so elected shall hold office until his or her successor is elected at an annual or a special meeting of the shareholders. A vacancy in the Board of Directors created by the removal of a director may be filled only by the vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote represented at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present, or by the written consent of all of the holders of the outstanding shares. 
 The shareholders may elect a director or directors at any time to fill any vacancy or vacancies not filled by the directors. Any such election by written consent other than to fill a vacancy created by removal which requires the unanimous written consent of all shares entitled to vote for the election of directors shall require the consent of holders of a majority of the 
 BN 31277883v1 

outstanding shares entitled to vote. Any such election by written consent to fill a vacancy created by removal shall require the unanimous written consent of all shares entitled to vote for the election of directors. 
 Any director may resign effective upon giving written notice to the Chairman of the Board (if there be such an officer appointed), the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Secretary or the Board of Directors of the corporation, unless the notice specifies a later time for the effectiveness of such resignation. If the resignation is effective at a future time, a successor may be elected to take office when the resignation becomes effective. 
 No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director prior to the expiration of the director s term of office. 
 Section 1.e Time and Place of Meetings. 
 The Board of Directors shall hold a regular meeting immediately after the meeting of shareholders at which it is elected and at the place where such meeting is held, or as shall otherwise be fixed by the Board of Directors, for the purpose of organization, election of officers of the corporation and the transaction of other business. Notice of such meeting is hereby dispensed with. Other regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held without notice at such times and places as are fixed by the Board of Directors. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time whenever called by the Chairman of the Board (if there be such an officer appointed), the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Vice-President, the Secretary or any two directors. 
 Except as hereinabove provided in this Section 3.5 , all meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any place within or without the State of California that has been designated by resolution of the Board of Directors as the place for the holding of regular meetings, or by written consent of all directors as specified in the notice for the meeting or, if designated by the Board of Directors, by means of conference telephone, electronic video screen communication or electronic transmission by and to the corporation (as these terms are defined in Article 11 hereof). In the absence of such designation, meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at the principal executive office of the corporation. 
 Section 1.f Notice of Special Meetings. 
 Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be delivered personally to each director or communicated to each director by telephone, telegraph, facsimile (or other electronic transmission by the corporation (as defined in Article 11 hereof)), or mail, charges prepaid, addressed to the director at the director s address as it is shown upon the records of the corporation or, if it is not so shown on such records or is not readily ascertainable, at the place at which the meetings of the directors are regularly held. In case such notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least four (4) days prior to the time of the holding of the meeting. In case such notice is delivered personally or by telephone, telegraph, facsimile, electronic mail message or other electronic transmission by the corporation (as defined in Article 11 hereof), it shall be so delivered at least forty-eight (48) hours prior to the time of the holding of the meeting. Any such transmission of notice, as above provided, shall be due, legal and personal notice to such director. As used herein, notice by telephone shall be deemed to include a voice messaging system or other system or technology designed to record and communicate messages, or wireless, to the recipient, including the recipient s designated voice mailbox or address on such a system. 
 Notice of a meeting need not be given to any director who provides a waiver of notice or a consent to holding the meeting or an approval of the minutes thereof in writing (as defined in 
 BN 31277883v1 

Article 11 ), whether before or after the meeting, or who attends the meeting without protesting, prior thereto or at its commencement, the lack of notice to such director. All such waivers, consents and approvals shall be filed with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of the meetings. 
 Section 1.g Action at a Meeting Quorum and Required Vote. 
 (i) Presence of a majority of the authorized number of directors at a meeting of the Board of Directors constitutes a quorum for the transaction of business, except as hereinafter provided. 
 (ii) Members of the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting through use of conference telephone, electronic video screen communication or electronic transmission by and to the corporation (as these terms are defined in Article 11 hereof). Participation in a meeting through use of conference telephone or electronic video screen communication pursuant to this subsection (b) constitutes presence in person at such meeting as long as all members participating in the meeting are able to hear one another. Participation in a meeting through electronic transmission by and to the corporation (as these terms are defined in Article 11 hereof), other than conference telephone or electronic video screen communication (to which the restrictions in this sentence do not apply), pursuant to this subsection (b) constitutes presence in person at such meeting, if both of the following apply (i) each member participating in the meeting can communicate with all of the other members concurrently, and (ii) each member is provided the means of participating in all matters before the Board of Directors, including, without limitation, the capacity to propose, or to interpose an objection to, a specific action to be taken by the corporation. 
 (iii) Every act or decision done or made by a majority of the directors present at a meeting duly held at which a quorum is present is the act of the Board of Directors, unless a greater number, or the same number after disqualifying one or more directors from voting, is required by law, by the Articles of Incorporation, or by these Bylaws. A meeting at which a quorum is initially present may continue to transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, if any action taken is approved by at least a majority of the required quorum for such meeting. 
 Section 1.h Action Without a Meeting. 
 Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board of Directors shall individually or collectively consent in writing (as defined in Article 11 to such action. Such written consent or consents shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors. Such action by written consent shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote of such directors. All members of the board shall include an interested director or a common director as described in Sections 310(a) or (b) of the General Corporation Law, who abstains in writing from providing consent, where the material facts of the contract or transaction, and the interest or other directorship of the interested or common director are fully disclosed to the non-interested or non-common directors prior to their execution of the written consent or consents, such disclosures are conspicuously included in the written consent or consents executed by the noninterested or noncommon directors, and noninterested or noncommon directors constituting a quorum approve the action. 
 Section 1.i Adjourned Meeting and Notice. 
 A majority of the directors present, whether or not a quorum is present, may adjourn any meeting to another time and place. If the meeting is adjourned for more than twenty-four (24) 
 BN 31277883v1 

hours, notice of any adjournment to another time or place shall be given prior to the time of the adjourned meeting to the directors who were not present at the time of the adjournment. 
 Section 1.j Fees and Compensation. 
 Directors and members of committees may receive such compensation, if any, for their services, and such reimbursement for expenses, as may be fixed or determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. 
 Section 1.k Appointment of Executive and Other Committees. 
 The Board of Directors may, by resolution adopted by a majority of the authorized number of directors, designate one or more committees, each consisting of two or more directors, to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent member at any meeting of the committee. The appointment of members or alternate members of a committee requires the vote of a majority of the authorized number of directors. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors or in these Bylaws, shall have all the authority of the Board of Directors, except with respect to 
 (i) The approval of any action for which the General Corporation Law also requires shareholders approval or approval of the outstanding shares. 
 (ii) The filling of vacancies on the Board of Directors or in any committee. 
 (iii) The fixing of compensation of the directors for serving on the Board of Directors or on any committee. 
 (iv) The amendment or repeal of these Bylaws or the adoption of new Bylaws. 
 (v) The amendment or repeal of any resolution of the Board of Directors that by its express terms is not so amendable or repealable. 
 (vi) A distribution to the shareholders of the corporation, except at a rate, in a periodic amount or within a price range determined by the Board of Directors. 
 (vii) The appointment of other committees of the Board of Directors or the members thereof. 
 The provisions of Sections 3.5 through 3.9 of these Bylaws apply also to committees of the Board of Directors and action by such committees, mutatis mutandis (with the necessary changes having been made in the language thereof). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, all committees of the corporation in existence as of the date these Bylaws are adopted shall continue without any additional action until terminated by the Board of Directors. 
 ARTICLE 4. OFFICERS 
 Section 1.a Officers. 
 The officers of the corporation shall consist of the Chief Executive Officer or a President, or both, the Secretary and the Chief Financial Officer (collectively, Specified Officers ), and each of them shall be appointed by the Board of Directors. The corporation may also have a 
 BN 31277883v1 

Chairman of the Board, one or more Vice-Chairmen, a Lead Independent Director, one or more Vice-Presidents, a Controller, one or more Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Chief Financial Officers, and such other officers as may be appointed by the Board of Directors, or with authorization from the Board of Directors by the Chief Executive Officer or the President. The order of the seniority of the Vice-Chairmen and Vice-Presidents shall be in the order of their nomination, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors. Any two or more of such offices may be held by the same person. The Board of Directors may appoint, and may empower the Chief Executive Officer or President to appoint, such other officers as the business of the corporation may require, each of whom shall have such authority and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. 
 The Board of Directors shall appoint the Specified Officers each year at its regular meeting of the Board of Directors following the meeting of shareholders at which the Board of Directors is elected. Specified Officers shall hold office from the date appointed to the date of the next succeeding regular meeting of the Board of Directors following the meeting of shareholders at which the Board of Directors is elected, and until their successors are elected provided that all officers, as well as any other employee or agent of the corporation, may be removed at any time at the pleasure of the Board of Directors, or, except in the case of an officer chosen by the Board of Directors, by any officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the Board of Directors, and upon the removal, resignation, death or incapacity of any officer, the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer or the President, in cases where he or she has been vested by the Board of Directors with power to appoint, may declare such office vacant and fill such vacancy. Nothing in these Bylaws shall be construed as creating any kind of contractual right to employment with the corporation. 
 Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or the Secretary of the corporation, without prejudice, however, to the rights, if any, of the corporation under any contract to which such officer is a party. Any such resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 
 The salary and other compensation of the officers shall be fixed from time to time by resolution of or in the manner determined by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 1.b The Chairman of the Board. 
 The Board of Directors may appoint one of its members to be the Chairman of the Board to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board (if there be such an officer appointed) shall, when present, preside at all meetings of the shareholders and of the Board of Directors, and shall perform all the duties commonly incident to that office. The Chairman of the Board shall have authority to execute in the name of the corporation bonds, contracts, deeds, leases and other written instruments to be executed by the corporation (except where by law the signature of Chief Executive Officer or the President is required), and shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. 
 Section 1.c Vice-Chairmen and Lead Independent Director. 
 The Board of Directors may appoint one or more of its members to be a Vice Chairman or Lead Independent Director to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. One or more Vice-Chairmen or a Lead Independent Director (if there be such officer or officers appointed), in the order of their seniority (unless otherwise established by the Board of Directors), may assume and perform the duties of the Chairman of the Board in the absence or disability of the Chairman of the Board or whenever the office of the Chairman of the Board is vacant. Any Vice-Chairman 
 BN 31277883v1 

or Lead Independent Director shall have such titles, perform such other duties, and have such other powers as the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or these Bylaws may designate from time to time. A Lead Independent Director shall be deemed independent by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 1.d Chief Executive Officer. 
 Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board of Directors to the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation and shall perform all the duties commonly incident to that office. The Chief Executive Officer shall have authority to execute in the name of the corporation bonds, contracts, deeds, leases and other written instruments to be executed by the corporation. In the absence of the Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairman, and the Lead Independent Director, if any, the Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all meetings of the shareholders and of the Board of Directors. The Chief Executive Officer shall also perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. 
 Section 1.e The President. 
 Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board of Directors to the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, the President shall perform all the duties commonly incident to that office. The President shall have authority to execute in the name of the corporation bonds, contracts, deeds, leases and other written instruments to be executed by the corporation. In the absence of the Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairman, the Lead Independent Director and the Chief Executive Officer, if any, the President shall preside at all meetings of the shareholders and of the Board of Directors. The President shall also perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. 
 Section 1.f Vice-Presidents. 
 The Vice-Presidents (if there be such officers appointed), including Executive Vice-Presidents and Senior Vice-Presidents, in the order of their rank (first to Executive Vice-Presidents and second to Senior Vice-Presidents) and seniority within each rank (unless otherwise established by the Board of Directors), may assume and perform the duties of the Chief Executive Officer in the absence or disability of the Chief Executive Officer and the President or whenever the offices of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the President are vacant and may assume and perform the duties of the President in the absence or disability of the President or whenever the offices of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the President are vacant. The Vice-Presidents shall have such titles, perform such other duties, and have such other powers as the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or these Bylaws may designate from time to time. Vice Presidents who are not Executive Vice Presidents or Senior Vice Presidents shall not be deemed to be executive officers of the Corporation and shall be excluded from participation in major policy making functions of the Corporation. 
 Section 1.g The Secretary. 
 The Secretary shall record or cause to be recorded, and shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office and such other place as the Board of Directors may order, a record of minutes of actions taken at all meetings of directors and committees thereof and of shareholders, with the time and place of holding, whether regular or special, and, if special, how authorized, the notice thereof given, the names of those present at directors meetings, the number of shares present or represented at shareholders meetings, and the proceedings thereof. Minutes and other books and records shall be kept either in written form or in another form 
 BN 31277883v1 

capable of being converted into clearly legible tangible form or in any a combination of the foregoing. 
 The Secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office or at the office of the corporation s transfer agent, a share register or a duplicate share register in a form capable of being converted into written form, showing the names of the shareholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by each, the number and date of certificates issued for the same, and the number and date of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for cancellation. 
 The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all the meetings of the shareholders and of the Board of Directors and committees thereof required by these Bylaws or by law to be given, and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws. 
 The Chief Executive Officer and the President may direct any Assistant Secretary to assume and perform the duties of the Secretary in the absence or disability of the Secretary, and each Assistant Secretary shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the President may designate from time to time. 
 Section 1.h Chief Financial Officer. 
 The Chief Financial Officer shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct accounts of the properties and business transactions of the corporation. The books of account shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by any director. 
 The Chief Financial Officer shall deposit all moneys and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the corporation with such depositaries as may be designated by the Board of Directors. The Chief Financial Officer shall disburse the funds of the corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, shall render to the Chief Executive Officer, the President and directors, whenever they request it, an account of all of the Chief Financial Officer s transactions as Chief Financial Officer and of the financial condition of the corporation, and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws. 
 The Chief Executive Officer or the President may direct any Assistant Chief Financial Officer to assume and perform the duties of the Chief Financial Officer in the absence or disability of the Chief Financial Officer, and each Assistant Chief Financial Officer shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors Chief Executive Offer or the President may designate from time to time. 
 Section 1.i The Controller. 
 The Controller (if there be such an officer appointed) shall be responsible for the establishment and maintenance of accounting and other systems required to control and account for the assets of the corporation and provide safeguards therefor, and to collect information required for management purposes, and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer or President may designate from time to time. 
 The Chief Executive Officer and the President may direct any Assistant Controller to assume and perform the duties of the Controller, in the absence or disability of the Controller, and each Assistant Controller shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the 
 BN 31277883v1 

Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board (if there be such an officer appointed), Chief Executive Officer or the President may designate from time to time. 
 ARTICLE 5. EXECUTION OF CORPORATE INSTRUMENTS, RATIFICATION, AND VOTING OF STOCKS OWNED BY THE CORPORATION 
 Section 1.a Execution of Corporate Instruments. 
 In its discretion, the Board of Directors may determine the method and designate the signatory officer or officers or other person or persons, to execute any corporate instrument or document, or to sign the corporate name without limitation, except where otherwise provided by law, and such execution or signature shall be binding upon the corporation. 
 All checks and drafts drawn on banks or other depositaries on funds to the credit of the corporation, or in special accounts of the corporation, shall be signed by such person or persons as the Board of Directors shall authorize to do so. 
 The Board of Directors shall designate an officer who personally, or through his representative, shall vote shares of other corporations standing in the name of this corporation. The authority to vote shares shall include the authority to execute a proxy in the name of the corporation for purposes of voting the shares. 
 Section 1.b Ratification by Shareholders. 
 In its discretion, the Board of Directors may submit any contract or act for approval or ratification of the shareholders at any annual meeting of shareholders, or at any special meeting of shareholders called for that purpose and any contract or act that shall be approved or ratified by the holders of a majority of the voting power of the corporation shall be as valid and binding upon the corporation and upon the shareholders thereof as though approved or ratified by each and every shareholder of the corporation, unless a greater vote is required by law for such purpose. 
 Section 1.c Voting of Stocks Owned by the Corporation. 
 All stock of other corporations owned or held by the corporation for itself, or for other parties in any capacity, shall be voted, and all proxies with respect thereto shall be executed, by the person authorized to do so by resolution of the Board of Directors, or in the absence of such authorization, by the Chairman of the Board (if there be such an officer appointed), the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Vice-President, or by any other person authorized to do so by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Vice President. 
 ARTICLE 6. ANNUAL AND OTHER REPORTS 
 Section 1.a Reports to Shareholders. 
 The Board of Directors of the corporation shall cause an annual report to be sent or otherwise legally made available to the shareholders not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year, and at least fifteen (15) days (or, if sent by third-class mail, thirty-five (35) days) prior to the annual meeting of shareholders to be held during the next fiscal year. If approved by 
 BN 31277883v1 

the Board of Directors, the report and any accompanying material may be sent by electronic transmission by the corporation (as defined in Article 11 hereof). This report shall contain a balance sheet as of the end of that fiscal year and an income statement and statement of changes in financial position for that fiscal year, accompanied by any report thereon of independent accountants or, if there is no such report, the certificate of an authorized officer of the corporation that the statements were prepared without audit from the books and records of the corporation. This report shall also contain such other matters as required by Section 1501(b) of the General Corporation Law, unless the corporation is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and is not exempted therefrom under Section 12(g)(2) thereof. As long as the corporation has less than 100 holders of record of its shares (determined as provided in Section 605 of the General Corporation Law), the foregoing requirement of an annual report is hereby waived. 
 If no annual report for the last fiscal year has been sent to shareholders, the corporation shall, upon the written request of any shareholder made more than 120 days after the close of such fiscal year, deliver (including by electronic transmission by the corporation (as defined in Article 11 hereof) or mail to the person making the request within thirty (30) days thereafter the financial statements for such year as required by Section 1501(a) of the General Corporation Law. A shareholder or shareholders holding at least five percent (5 of the outstanding shares of any class of the corporation may make a written request to the corporation for an income statement of the corporation for the three-month, six-month or nine-month period of the current fiscal year ended more than thirty (30) days prior to the date of the request and a balance sheet of the corporation as of the end of such period and, in addition, if no annual report for the last fiscal year has been sent to shareholders, the annual report for the last fiscal year, unless such report has been waived under these Bylaws. The statements shall be delivered (including by electronic transmission by the corporation (as defined in Article 11 hereof) if such transmission is permitted to such shareholder pursuant to such definition) or mailed to the person making the request within thirty (30) days thereafter. A copy of any such statements shall be kept on file in the principal executive office of the corporation for twelve (12) months, and they shall be exhibited at all reasonable times to any shareholder demanding an examination of the statements, or a copy shall be mailed to the shareholder. 
 The quarterly income statements and balance sheets referred to in this section shall be accompanied by the report thereon, if any, of any independent accountants engaged by the corporation or the certificate of an authorized officer of the corporation that the financial statements were prepared without audit from the books and records of the corporation. 
 Section 1.b Report of Shareholder Vote. 
 For a period of sixty (60) days following the conclusion of an annual, regular, or special meeting of shareholders, the corporation shall, upon written request from a shareholder, forthwith inform the shareholder of the result of any particular vote of shareholders taken at the meeting, including the number of shares voting for, the number of shares voting against, and the number of shares abstaining or withheld from voting. If the matter voted on was the election of directors, the corporation shall report the number of shares (or votes if voted cumulatively) cast for each nominee for director. If more than one class or series of shares voted, the report shall state the appropriate numbers by class and series of shares. 
 Section 1.c Reports to the Secretary of State. 
 (i) Except as otherwise required by the Secretary of State, every year, during the calendar month in which the original Articles of Incorporation were filed with the California Secretary of State, or during the preceding five calendar months, the corporation shall file a certified statement with the Secretary of State on the prescribed form, setting forth the names and 
 BN 31277883v1 

complete business or residence addresses of all incumbent directors the number of vacancies on the Board of Directors, if any the names and complete business or residence addresses of the chief executive officer, the secretary, and the chief financial officer the street address of the corporation s principal executive office or principal business office in California a statement of the general type of business constituting the principal business activity of the corporation and a designation of the agent of the corporation for the purpose of service of process, all in compliance with Section 1502 of the General Corporation Law. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a) of this section, if there has been no change in the information contained in the corporation s last annual statement on file in the Secretary of State s office, the corporation may in lieu of filing the annual statement described in paragraph (a) of this section, advise the Secretary of State, on the appropriate form, that no changes in the required information have occurred during the applicable period, as permitted by Section 1502 of the General Corporation Law. 
 ARTICLE 7. SHARES OF STOCK 
 Section 1.a Stock Certificates. 
 Every holder of shares in the corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate signed in the name of the corporation by the Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Board (if there be such officers appointed) or the Chief Executive Officer, the President or a Vice-President and by the Chief Financial Officer or any Assistant Chief Financial Officer or the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary, certifying the number of shares and the class or series of shares owned by the shareholder. Any of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if such person were an officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 
 Any such certificate shall also contain such legends or other statements as may be required by Sections 417 and 418 of the General Corporation Law, the Corporate Securities Law of 1968, federal or other state securities laws, and any agreement between the corporation and the issue of the certificate. 
 Certificates for shares may be issued prior to full payment, under such restrictions and for such purposes as the Board of Directors or these Bylaws may provide provided, however, that the certificate issued to represent any such partly paid shares shall state on the face thereof the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor, the amount remaining unpaid and the terms of payment. 
 No new certificate for shares shall be issued in lieu of an old certificate unless the latter is surrendered and canceled at the same time provided, however, that a new certificate will be issued without the surrender and cancellation of the old certificate if (1) the old certificate is lost, apparently destroyed or wrongfully taken (2) the request for the issuance of the new certificate is made within a reasonable time after the owner of the old certificate has notice of its loss, destruction, or theft (3) the request for the issuance of a new certificate is made prior to the receipt of notice by the corporation that the old certificate has been acquired by a bona fide purchaser (4) the owner of the old certificate files a sufficient indemnity bond with or provides other adequate security to the corporation and (5) the owner satisfies any other reasonable requirement imposed by the corporation. In the event of the issuance of a new certificate, the 
 BN 31277883v1 

rights and liabilities of the corporation, and of the holders of the old and new certificates, shall be governed by the provisions of Sections 8104 and 8405 of the California Commercial Code. 
 Section 1.b Certificated and Uncertificated Shares. 
 Certificates for the shares of stock of the Corporation shall be issued only to the extent as may be required by applicable law or as otherwise authorized by the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary, and if so issued shall be in such form as is consistent with the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation and applicable law. Any such certificates shall be signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by, the Chief Executive Officer or the President and by the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary, certifying the number of shares and the class or series of shares owned by the shareholder. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has ceased to be such officer transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were an officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. Any such certificate shall also contain such legend or other statement as may be required by Section 418 of the Code, any agreement between the Corporation and the issuee thereof, and may contain such legend or other statement as may be required by any other applicable law or regulation or agreement. 
 Upon resolution of the Board of Directors, shares of the Corporation may also be issued, recorded and transferred exclusively in uncertificated book-entry form in accordance with a direct registration program operated by a clearing agency registered under Section 17A of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 The Board of Directors may appoint, or authorize any officer or officers to appoint, one or more transfer agents and one or more registrars on behalf of the Corporation. If a transfer agent is appointed, transfers of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made by the transfer agent and registrar on the books of the Corporation after receipt of a request with proper evidence of succession, assignment, or authority to transfer by the record holder of such stock, or by an attorney lawfully constituted in writing, and in the case of stock represented by a certificate, upon surrender of the certificate. Subject to the foregoing, the Board of Directors shall have power and authority to make such rules and regulations as it shall deem necessary or appropriate concerning the issue, transfer, and registration of shares of stock of the corporation, and to appoint and remove transfer agents and registrars of transfers. 
 ARTICLE 8. INSPECTION OF CORPORATE RECORDS 
 Section 1.a General Records. 
 The accounting books and records and the minutes of proceedings of the shareholders, the Board of Directors and committees thereof of the corporation and any subsidiary of the corporation shall be open to inspection upon the written demand on the corporation of any shareholder or holder of a voting trust certificate at any reasonable time during usual business hours, for a purpose reasonably related to such holder s interests as a shareholder or as the holder of such voting trust certificate. Such inspection by a shareholder or holder of a voting trust certificate may be made in person or by agent or attorney, and the right of inspection includes the right to copy and make extracts. Minutes of proceedings of the shareholders, Board of Directors, and committees thereof and other books and records shall be kept either in written form or in another form capable of being converted into clearly legible tangible form or any combination of the foregoing. 
 BN 31277883v1 

A shareholder or shareholders holding at least five percent (5 in the aggregate of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation or who hold at least one percent (1 of such voting shares and have filed a Schedule 14A with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the election of directors of the corporation shall have (in person, or by agent or attorney) the right to inspect and copy the record of shareholders names and addresses and shareholdings during usual business hours upon five (5) business days prior written demand upon the corporation or to obtain from the transfer agent for the corporation, upon written demand and upon the tender of its usual charges for such list, a list of the shareholders names and addresses, who are entitled to vote for the election of directors, and their shareholdings, as of the most recent record date for which it has been compiled or as of a date. 
 Every director shall have the absolute right at any reasonable time to inspect and copy all books, records and documents of every kind and to inspect the physical properties of the corporation and its subsidiaries. Such inspection by a director may be made in person or by agent or attorney, and the right of inspection includes the right to copy and make extracts. 
 The Board of Directors may appoint, or authorize any officer or officers to appoint, one or more transfer agents and one or more registrars on behalf of the Corporation. If a transfer agent is appointed, transfers of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made by the transfer agent and registrar on the books of the Corporation after receipt of a request with proper evidence of succession, assignment, or authority to transfer by the record holder of such stock, or by an attorney lawfully constituted in writing, and in the case of stock represented by a certificate, upon surrender of the certificate. Subject to the foregoing, the Board of Directors shall have power and authority to make such rules and regulations as it shall deem necessary or appropriate concerning the issue, transfer, and registration of shares of stock of the corporation, and to appoint and remove transfer agents and registrars of transfers. 
 Section 1.b Inspection of Bylaws. 
 The corporation shall keep at its principal executive office in California, or if its principal executive office is not in California, then at its principal business office in California (or shall otherwise provide upon written request of any shareholder if it has no such office in California) the original or a copy of these Bylaws as amended to date, which shall be open to inspection by the shareholders at all reasonable times during office hours. 
 ARTICLE 9. INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS 
 Section 1.a Right to Indemnification. 
 Each person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved (as a party, witness, or otherwise), in any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative (hereafter a Proceeding ), by reason of the fact that such person, or another person of whom such person is the legal representative, is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of the corporation or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee, or agent of another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of a foreign or domestic corporation that was a predecessor corporation of the corporation or of another enterprise at the request of such predecessor corporation, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, whether the basis of the Proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee, or agent or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee, or agent (hereafter an Agent ), shall be indemnified and held harmless by the corporation to the fullest extent 
 BN 31277883v1 

authorized by statutory and decisional law, as the same exists or may hereafter be interpreted or amended (but, in the case of any such amendment or interpretation, only to the extent that such amendment or interpretation permits the corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than were permitted prior thereto) against all expenses, liability, and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement, any interest, assessments, or other charges imposed thereon, and any federal, state, local, or foreign taxes imposed on any Agent as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Article) reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in, or participating in (including on appeal), or preparing for any of the foregoing in, any Proceeding (hereafter Expenses provided, however, that except as to actions to enforce indemnification rights pursuant to Section 9.3 of these Bylaws, the corporation shall indemnify any Agent seeking indemnification in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if the Proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the corporation. The right to indemnification conferred in this Article shall be a contract right. It is the corporation s intention that these Bylaws provide indemnification in excess of that expressly permitted by Section 317 of the General Corporation Law, as authorized by the corporation s Articles of Incorporation. Any identification provided under this Section 9.1 shall only be authorized in each specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the agent is proper in the circumstances because the agent has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Section 9.1 as determined by any of the following (1) A majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who are not parties to such proceeding (2) If such a quorum of directors is not obtainable, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion (3) Approval of the shareholders, with the shares owned by the person to be indemnified not being entitled to vote thereon (4) The court in which the proceeding is or was pending upon application made by the corporation or the agent or the attorney or other person rendering services in connection with the defense, whether or not the application by the agent, attorney or other person is opposed by the corporation. 
 Section 1.b Authority to Advance Expenses. 
 Expenses incurred by an officer or director (acting in his capacity as such) in defending a Proceeding shall be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such Proceeding, provided, however, that if required by the General Corporation Law, as amended, such Expenses shall be advanced only upon delivery to the corporation of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this Article or otherwise. Expenses incurred by other Agents of the corporation (or by the directors or officers not acting in their capacity as such, including service with respect to employee benefit plans) may be advanced upon the receipt of a similar undertaking, if required by law, and upon such other terms and conditions as the Board of Directors deems appropriate. Any obligation to reimburse the corporation for Expense advances shall be unsecured, and no interest shall be charged thereon. 
 Section 1.c Right of Claimant to Bring Suit. 
 If a claim under Section 9.1 or 9.2 of these Bylaws is not paid in full by the corporation within thirty (30) days after a written claim has been received by the corporation, the claimant may at any time thereafter bring suit against the corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim and, if successful in whole or in part, the claimant shall be entitled to be paid also the expense (including attorneys fees) of prosecuting such claim. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for expenses incurred in defending a Proceeding in advance of its final disposition where the required undertaking has been tendered to the corporation) that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct that make it permissible under the General Corporation Law for the corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed. The burden of proving such a defense shall be on the corporation. Neither 
 BN 31277883v1 

the failure of the corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its shareholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper under the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the General Corporation Law, nor an actual determination by the corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its shareholders) that the claimant had not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 
 Section 1.d Provisions Nonexclusive. 
 The rights conferred on any person by this Article shall not be exclusive of any other rights that such person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Articles of Incorporation, agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, both as to action in an official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. To the extent that any provision of the Articles of Incorporation, agreement, or vote of the shareholders or disinterested directors is inconsistent with these Bylaws, the provision, agreement, or vote shall take precedence. 
 Section 1.e Authority to Insure. 
 The corporation may purchase and maintain insurance to protect itself and any Agent against any Expense asserted against or incurred by such person, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify the Agent against such Expense under applicable law or the provisions of this Article, provided that, in cases where the corporation owns all or a portion of the shares of the company issuing the insurance policy, the company and or the policy must meet one of the two sets of conditions set forth in Section 317 of the General Corporation Law, as amended. 
 Section 1.f Survival of Rights. 
 The rights provided by this Article shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be an Agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, and administrators of such person. 
 Section 1.g Settlement of Claims. 
 The corporation shall not be liable to indemnify any Agent under this Article (a) for any amounts paid in settlement of any action or claim effected without the corporation s written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or (b) for any judicial award, if the corporation was not given a reasonable and timely opportunity to participate, at its expense, in the defense of such action. 
 Section 1.h Effect of Amendment. 
 Any amendment, repeal, or modification of this Article shall not adversely affect any right or protection of any Agent existing at the time of such amendment, repeal, or modification. 
 Section 1.i Subrogation. 
 In the event of payment under this Article, the corporation shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of the Agent, who shall execute all papers required and shall do everything that may be necessary to secure such rights, including the execution of such documents necessary to enable the corporation effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights. 
 BN 31277883v1 

Section 1.j No Duplication of Payments. 
 The corporation shall not be liable under this Article to make any payment in connection with any claim made against the Agent to the extent the Agent has otherwise actually received payment (under any insurance policy, agreement, vote, or otherwise) of the amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder. 
 ARTICLE 10. AMENDMENTS 
 Section 1.a Power of Shareholders. 
 New bylaws may be adopted or these Bylaws may be amended or repealed by the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, or by the written assent of shareholders entitled to vote such shares, except as otherwise provided by law or by the Articles of Incorporation or by these Bylaws. 
 Section 1.b Power of Directors. 
 Subject to the right of shareholders as provided in Section 10.1 of this Article 10 to adopt, amend or repeal these Bylaws, these Bylaws (other than a bylaw or amendment thereof changing the authorized number of directors, or providing for the approval by the Board of Directors, acting alone, of a loan or guarantee to any officer or an employee benefit plan providing for the same) may be adopted, amended or repealed by the Board of Directors. 
 ARTICLE 11. DEFINITIONS 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, the general provisions, rules of construction and definitions contained in the General Corporation Law as amended from time to time shall govern the construction of these Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the masculine gender includes the feminine and neuter, the singular number includes the plural and the plural number includes the singular, and the term person includes a corporation as well as a natural person. 
 Certain definitions in the General Corporation Law are set forth below provided that the definitions in the General Corporation Law (and with respect to the applicable portions of definition of electronic communication by the corporation, the United States Code), as amended from time to time, shall govern and control for purposes of these Bylaws with respect to the terms set forth below and the other terms utilized in these Bylaws 
 Electronic transmission by the corporation means a communication (a) delivered by (1) facsimile telecommunication or electronic mail when directed to the facsimile number or electronic mail address, respectively, for that recipient on record with the corporation, (2) posting on an electronic message board or network which the corporation has designated for those communications, together with a separate notice to the recipient of the posting, which transmission shall be validly delivered upon the later of the posting or delivery of the separate notice thereof, or (3) other means of electronic communication, (b) to a recipient who has provided an unrevoked consent to the use of those means of transmission for communications under or pursuant to this code, and (c) that creates a record that is capable of retention, retrieval and review, and that may thereafter be rendered into clearly legible tangible form. 
 BN 31277883v1 

In addition, an electronic transmission by a corporation to an individual shareholder or director recipient is not authorized unless, in addition to satisfying the requirements above, the corporation also satisfies the following requirements 
 (i) prior to giving consent, the recipient is provided with a clear and conspicuous statement that describes 
 (1) the recipient s right to withdraw the consent and any conditions, consequences, or fees in the event of such withdrawal 
 (2) whether the consent applies only to a particular communication between the corporation and the recipient or to identified categories of communications or all categories of communications by and to the corporation 
 (3) procedures for withdrawing consent 
 (4) procedures for updating the recipient s contact information for electronic transmissions and 
 (5) how, after the consent, the recipient may obtain a paper copy of a record or other communication sent by means of electronic transmission, and whether any fee will be charged for such copy and any other terms and conditions applicable to the receipt such paper copy 
 (ii) the recipient 
 (1) prior to consenting, is provided with a statement of the hardware and software requirements for access to and retention of the records sent by electronic transmission and 
 (2) consents electronically, or confirms his or her consent electronically, in a manner that reasonably demonstrates that the recipient can access information in the electronic form that will be used to provide the information that is the subject of the consent and 
 (iii) if after the recipient s consent a change occurs in the hardware or software requirements needed to access or retain the records sent by electronic transmission, the corporation shall provide the recipient with a statement of the revised hardware and software requirements for access to and retention of the records sent by electronic transmission, offer the recipient the right to withdraw consent without the imposition of any fees for such withdrawal and without the imposition of any condition or consequence that was not disclosed previously and shall again comply with paragraph (B) above. 
 Electronic transmission to the corporation means a communication (a) delivered by (1) facsimile telecommunication or electronic mail when directed to the facsimile number or electronic mail address, respectively, which the corporation has provided from time to time to shareholders or members and directors for sending communications to the corporation, (2) posting on an electronic message board or network which the corporation has designated for those communications, and which transmission shall be validly delivered upon the posting, or (3) other means of electronic communication, (b) as to which the corporation has placed in effect reasonable measures to verify that the sender is the shareholder or member (in person or by proxy) or director purporting to send the transmission, and (c) that creates a record that is capable 
 BN 31277883v1 

of retention, retrieval, and review, and that may thereafter be rendered into clearly legible tangible form. 
 General Corporation Law means the General Corporate Law of the State of California, as may be amended from time to time. 
 Writing includes any form of recorded message capable of comprehension by ordinary visual means and when used to describe communications between the corporation and its shareholders or directors, writing shall include electronic transmissions by and to a corporation, as defined above in this Article 11 . 
 BN 31277883v1 

</EX-3.6>

<EX-21>
 3
 cvcy-1231202210kxex21q4xng.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP 
 Name State of Incorporation Central Valley Community Bank California Service 1 st Capital Trust I 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 exhibit232022q4-ng.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements No. 333-218408 and No. 333-204545 on Form S-8, and 333-254526 on Form S-3 of Central Valley Community Bancorp of our report dated March 9, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 s Crowe LLP Sacramento, California March 9, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit3112022q4-ng.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 RULE 13a-14(a) SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, James J. Kim, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Rules 13a-15(f) & 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s James J. Kim Date March 9, 2023 James J. Kim, 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit3122022q4-ng.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 RULE 13a-14(a) SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Dawn P. Crusinberry, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Rules 13a-15(f) & 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s Dawn P. Crusinberry Date March 9, 2023 Dawn P. Crusinberry, 
 Executive Vice President (principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit3212022q4-ng.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Central Valley Community Bancorp (CVCB) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, James J. Kim, President and Chief Executive Officer of CVCB, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of CVCB. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Central Valley Community Bancorp and will be retained by Central Valley Community Bancorp and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated March 9, 2023 
 
 s James J. Kim JAMES J. KIM President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit3222022q4-ng.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Central Valley Community Bancorp (CVCB) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Dawn P. Crusinberry, Executive Vice President of CVCB, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of CVCB. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Central Valley Community Bancorp and will be retained by Central Valley Community Bancorp and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated March 9, 2023 
 
 s Dawn P. Crusinberry DAWN P. CRUSINBERRY Executive Vice President 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cvcy-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cvcy-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cvcy-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cvcy-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cvcy-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

