<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230313_10-K_edgar_data_1645873_0001645873-23-000046.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19114217</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>641231</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2435589</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7095846</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4467909</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4155915</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001645873-23-000046.hdr.sgml : 20230313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230313170952
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001645873-23-000046
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MODIV INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001645873
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				474156046
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40814
		FILM NUMBER:		23728155

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 S. VIRGINIA STREET, SUITE 800
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89501
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-686-6348

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 S. VIRGINIA STREET, SUITE 800
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89501

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RW HOLDINGS NNN REIT, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rich Uncles NNN REIT, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151209

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rich Uncles REIT, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150623

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001645873-23-000046.txt : 20230313

10-K
 1
 none-20221231.htm
 10-K

none-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 ________________________________________________________ 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 ________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of its Class C common stock held by non-affiliates was , calculated by reference to the closing price of the Registrant's Class C common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022 of 17.68 per share. 
 As of February 28, 2023, there were outstanding shares of the Registrant s Class C common stock. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 4 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 4 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 15 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 40 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 40 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 42 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 42 
 PART II 
 43 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 43 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 53 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 53 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 76 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 76 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 76 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 76 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 78 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 78 
 PART III 
 79 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 79 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 79 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 79 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS , AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 79 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 79 
 PART IV 
 80 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 80 
 ITEM 16 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 82 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F- 1 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Modiv Inc. (the Company, Modiv, us, we, or our ), other than historical facts, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We intend for all such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act, Section 21E of the Exchange Act and other applicable law. Such statements include, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies, and prospects and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, as well as known and unknown risks, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Therefore, such statements are not intended to be a guarantee of our performance in future periods. Such forward-looking statements can generally be identified by our use of forward-looking terminology such as may, can, will, would, could, should, plan, potential, project, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, believe, continue, or other similar words. 
 These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Stockholders should carefully review the Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors section below for a discussion of the risks and uncertainties that we believe are material to our business, operating results, prospects and financial condition. 
 Forward-looking statements that were true at the time made may ultimately prove to be incorrect or false. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect our management s view only as of the date this Annual Report on Form 10-K is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We make no representation or warranty, express or implied, about the accuracy of any such forward-looking statements contained hereunder. Except as otherwise required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 The Company 
 Modiv is an internally-managed Maryland corporation that elected to qualify as a real estate investment trust REIT for federal income tax purposes beginning with the year ended December 31, 2016. Modiv acquires, owns and manages a portfolio of single-tenant net-lease properties throughout the United States, with a focus on acquiring critical industrial manufacturing properties with long-term leases to tenants that fuel the national economy and strengthen the nation's supply chains. Modiv also owns non-core, legacy retail and office real estate properties, and is gradually reducing its office and retail exposure, subject to market conditions, with the goal of becoming a pure-play industrial manufacturing REIT. Modiv seeks to provide investors access to MOnthly DIVidends through a durable portfolio of real estate investments designed to generate both current income and long-term growth. Driven by an investor-first focus and an experienced and dedicated management team, Modiv leveraged its history as a real estate crowdfunding pioneer to create a 535 million real estate portfolio (unaudited, based on estimated fair value) of income-producing real estate as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, Modiv strives towards a best-in-class corporate governance structure through a board of directors and management team with decades of institutional real estate industry experience. 
 Modiv has been internally managed since its December 31, 2019 acquisition of the business of BrixInvest, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and Modiv s former sponsor BrixInvest ), and merger with Rich Uncles Real Estate Investment Trust I REIT I ), as further described below. 
 As used herein, the terms Modiv, the Company, we, our and us refer to Modiv Inc. and, as required by context, Modiv Operating Partnership, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (our Operating Partnership or Modiv OP ), and Katana Merger Sub, LP, a Delaware limited partnership and wholly-owned subsidiary of Modiv Merger Sub ), and their subsidiaries. Merger Sub was merged into Modiv OP on December 31, 2020, resulting in all of our real estate properties being owned by Modiv OP. 
 Our 7.375 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, 0.001 par value per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ), is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol MDV.PA and has been trading since September 14, 2021. 
 Our Class C common stock, 0.001 par value per share (the Class C Common Stock ), is also listed on the NYSE under the symbol MDV and has been trading since February 11, 2022. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our Class C Common Stock. Our initial listed offering (our Listed Offering of our Class C Common Stock closed on February 15, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our real estate investment portfolio consisted of 46 properties located in 17 states consisting of 27 industrial properties, including our approximate 72.7 tenant-in-common interest in a Santa Clara industrial property (the TIC Interest ), 12 retail properties and 7 office properties (including one held for sale). The net book value of our real estate investments as of December 31, 2022 was 425,963,908. 
 Details of our portfolio of 46 operating properties, including one office property held for sale and the TIC Interest, as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 27 industrial properties, including the TIC Interest, which represented approximately 59 of the portfolio (expressed as a percentage of annual base rent for the next 12 months ABR )), 12 retail properties, which represented approximately 20 of the portfolio, and 7 office properties (including one held for sale), which represented approximately 21 of the portfolio; 
 Occupancy rate of 100 ; 
 Leased to 30 different commercial tenants doing business in 17 separate industries; 
 Approximately 3.2 million square feet of aggregate leasable space, including the TIC Interest; 
 An average leasable space per property of approximately 69,000 square feet; with approximately 94,000 square feet per industrial property; approximately 19,000 square feet per retail property; and approximately 57,000 square feet per office property (including one held for sale); and 
 Outstanding mortgage notes payable balance of 44,515,009 for three properties, a credit facility term loan balance of 150,000,000 and credit facility revolver balance of 3,000,000. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, all 46 operating properties in our portfolio are single-tenant net-lease properties and all 46 properties were leased, with a weighted average lease term WALT ), after reflecting lease extensions through the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and excluding rights to extend a lease at the option of the tenant, of approximately 11.9 years compared with a WALT of 6.3 years as of December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we held an approximate 72.7 TIC Interest in a 91,740 square foot industrial property located in Santa Clara, California. The remaining approximately 27.3 of undivided interest in the Santa Clara property is held by Hagg Lane II, LLC (an approximate 23.4 interest) and Hagg Lane III, LLC (an approximate 3.9 interest). The manager of Hagg Lane II, LLC and Hagg Lane III, LLC became an independent member of our board of directors in December 2019 and retired from our board of directors in December 2021. 
 To date, we have invested primarily in single tenant, income-producing properties, leased to creditworthy tenants under long-term net leases. Although we are not limited as to the form our investments may take, our investments in real estate will primarily constitute acquiring fee title or interests in entities that own and operate real estate. We own and will make acquisitions of our real estate investments through special purpose limited liability companies which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of our Operating Partnership or indirectly through limited liability companies or limited partnerships, including through other REITs, or through investments in joint ventures, partnerships, tenants-in-common, co-tenancies or other co-ownership arrangements with other owners of properties through special purpose limited liability companies which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of our Operating Partnership. 
 We conduct substantially all of our business through our Operating Partnership, of which we are the sole general partner. Until December 31, 2019, our business was externally managed by Rich Uncles NNN REIT Operator, LLC, our former advisor, a former wholly-owned subsidiary of BrixInvest. Our former advisor managed our operations and our portfolio of core real estate properties and real estate-related assets and provided asset management and other administrative services pursuant to our second amended and restated advisory agreement with our former advisor. BrixInvest also served as the sponsor and advisor for REIT I, through December 31, 2019. 
 On December 31, 2019, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated September 19, 2019 (the Merger Agreement ), REIT I merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub surviving as our direct, wholly-owned subsidiary (the Merger ). At such time, we issued 2,680,740 shares of Class C Common Stock to the stockholders of REIT I and the separate existence of REIT I ceased. In addition, on December 31, 2019, a self-management transaction was completed, whereby we, Modiv OP, BrixInvest and Daisho OP Holdings, LLC, a formerly wholly-owned subsidiary of BrixInvest Daisho ), effectuated a Contribution Agreement dated September 19, 2019 (the Contribution Agreement pursuant to which we acquired substantially all of the assets of BrixInvest in exchange for 657,949.5 units of Class M limited partnership interest (the Class M OP Units in Modiv OP (the Self-Management Transaction ). As a result of the completion of the Merger and the Self-Management Transaction, we became self-managed. 
 Through December 31, 2021, we had sold 6,997,069 shares of Class C Common Stock, including 976,497 shares of Class C Common Stock sold under the distribution reinvestment plan DRP applicable to Class C Common Stock, for aggregate gross offering proceeds of 206,430,729, and 64,618 shares of Class S Common Stock, including 2,964 shares of Class S Common Stock sold under our DRP applicable to Class S Common Stock, for aggregate gross offering proceeds of 1,954,423. 
 On December 8, 2021, we filed with the SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-261529), and, on February 9, 2022, we filed with the SEC Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, in connection with the Listed Offering of our Class C Common Stock, which became effective on February 10, 2022. The Listed Offering of our Class C Common Stock closed on February 15, 2022. In connection with the Listed Offering, we sold 40,000 shares of our Class C Common Stock at 25.00 per share to a major stockholder who was formerly a related party (see Note 9 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more details). In connection with our Listed Offering, each share of Class S Common Stock outstanding was converted into a share of Class C Common Stock. 
 On March 30, 2022, we filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-263985), and on May 27, 2022, we filed Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3, to issue and sell from time to time, together or separately, the following securities at an aggregate public offering price that will not exceed 200,000,000: Class C Common Stock, preferred stock, warrants, rights and units. The Form S-3, as amended, became effective on June 2, 2022 and we filed a prospectus supplement for our at-the-market offering of up to 50,000,000 of our Class C Common Stock (the ATM Offering on June 6, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, no shares have been issued in connection with our ATM Offering. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 We intend to continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If we continue to meet the qualification requirements for taxation as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the income that we distribute to our stockholders each year. If we fail to maintain our qualification for taxation as a REIT in any year, our income will be taxed at regular corporate rates, and we would be precluded from qualifying for taxation as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we failed to qualify. Such an event could materially and adversely affect our net income and cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 The Operating Partnership Agreement, as Amended 
 On February 1, 2021, we, and certain of the limited partners of the Operating Partnership, entered into the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement (the Amended OP Agreement ), which amended and restated the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the Operating Partnership dated December 31, 2019. We are the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership and, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we own an approximate 73 interest in the Operating Partnership, and our limited partners own an approximate 27 interest in the Operating Partnership, comprised of Class M OP Units, units of Class P limited partnership interest Class P OP Units ), units of Class R limited partnership interest Class R OP Units and units of Class C limited partnership interest Class C OP Units in the Operating Partnership. Such Class M OP Units, Class P OP Units, Class R OP Units and Class C OP Units are described below and discussed further in Note 12 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Class M OP Units 
 There were 657,949.5 Class M OP Units outstanding as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Class M OP Units are non-voting, non-dividend accruing, and were not able to be transferred or exchanged prior to the one-year anniversary of the completion of the Self-Management Transaction. Following the one-year anniversary of the completion of the Self-Management Transaction, the Class M OP Units are convertible into Class C OP Units at a conversion rate of 1.6667 Class C OP Units for each one Class M OP Unit, subject to a reduction in the conversion ratio (which reduction may vary depending upon the amount of time held) if the exchange occurs prior to the four-year anniversary of the completion of the Self-Management Transaction. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no Class M OP Units had been converted to Class C OP Units. 
 The Class M OP Units are eligible for an increase in the conversion ratio if we achieve both of the targets for assets under management AUM and adjusted funds from operations AFFO in a given year as set forth below: 
 Hurdles AUM AFFO Per Share Class M ) ) Conversion Ratio Initial Conversion Ratio 1:1.6667 Fiscal Year 2021 860,000,000 1.770 1:1.9167 Fiscal Year 2022 1,175,000,000 1.950 1:2.5000 Fiscal Year 2023 1,551,000,000 2.100 1:3.0000 
 The hurdles for AUM and AFFO per share were not met for fiscal year 2022 or 2021, and we do not expect to meet both of the hurdles for 2023. Based on the current conversion ratio of 1.6667 Class C OP Units for each one Class M OP Unit, if a Class M OP Unit is converted on or after December 31, 2023, based on the NYSE closing share price of 12.00 on December 30, 2022, the last trading day of 2022, a Class M OP Unit would be valued at 20.00 (unaudited). This value does not reflect the early conversion rate or the future conversion enhancement ratio of the Class M OP Units, as discussed above, and the Class P OP Units, as discussed below. 
 Class P OP Units 
 There were 56,029 Class P OP Units outstanding as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Class P OP Units are intended to be treated as profits interests in the Operating Partnership, which are non-voting, non-dividend accruing, and are not able to be transferred or exchanged prior to the earlier of (1) March 31, 2024, (2) a change of control (as defined in the Amended OP Agreement), or (3) the date of the employee s involuntary termination (as defined in the relevant award agreement for the Class P OP Units) (collectively, the Lockup Period ). Following the expiration of the Lockup Period, the Class P OP Units are convertible into Class C OP Units at a conversion ratio of 1.6667 Class C OP Units for each one Class P OP Unit; provided, however, that the foregoing conversion ratio shall be subject to increase on generally the same terms and conditions as the Class M OP Units, as set forth above. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 On December 31, 2019, we issued a total of 56,029 Class P OP Units to Aaron S. Halfacre, our Chief Executive Officer and President, and Raymond J. Pacini, our Chief Financial Officer, including 26,318 Class P OP Units issued in exchange for Messrs. Halfacre's and Pacini's agreements to forfeit a similar number of restricted units in BrixInvest in connection with the Self-Management Transaction. The remaining 29,711 Class P OP Units were issued to both executives as a portion of their incentive compensation for 2020 in connection with their entry into restrictive covenant agreements. The 29,711 Class P OP Units were valued based on the estimated net asset value NAV per share of 30.48 (unaudited) when issued on December 31, 2019 and the expected minimum conversion ratio of 1.6667 Class C OP Units for each one Class P OP Unit, which resulted in a valuation of 1,509,319. 
 Under the Amended OP Agreement, the Class C OP Units will continue to be exchangeable for shares of our Class C Common Stock on a 1-for-1 basis, or for cash as solely determined by us. 
 Class R OP Units 
 On January 25, 2021, the board of directors approved the grant of Class R OP Units to all of our employees and there were 316,343 Class R OP Units outstanding as of December 31, 2022. All of the Class R OP Units granted are restricted from transfer, conversion or exchange until March 31, 2024 when they are then mandatorily convertible into Class C OP Units at a conversion ratio of one Class C OP Unit for each one Class R OP Unit, which conversion ratio can increase to 2.5 Class C OP Units for each one Class R OP Unit if the Company generates funds from operations of 1.05, or more, per weighted average fully-diluted share outstanding for the year ending December 31, 2023. 
 Class C OP Units 
 In connection with our January 18, 2022 acquisition of a KIA auto dealership property located on Interstate 405 in Carson, California, we issued 1,312,382 Class C OP Units, valued at 25.00 per unit, to the seller for approximately 47 of the property value. 
 Investment Objectives and Criteria and Policies With Respect to Certain Activities 
 Overview 
 Absent any change in our investment strategy, we intend to make future investments primarily in income-generating industrial manufacturing real estate throughout the United States and, to a lesser extent real estate-related investments, which may include real estate securities, through wholly-owned or majority-controlled subsidiaries. Such investments could arise from single asset transactions and/or portfolio mergers and acquisitions. We also own non-core, legacy retail and office real estate properties, and are gradually reducing our office and retail exposure, subject to market conditions, with the goal of becoming a pure-play industrial manufacturing REIT. 
 With respect to our real estate investments, we plan to continue to diversify our portfolio by corporate credit, physical geography, industry and lease duration with the goal of acquiring a portfolio of income-producing real estate investments that provide attractive and stable returns to our stockholders as well as potential capital appreciation in the value of our investments. Given our history of consolidating non-traded REITs and the mergers and acquisitions experience of our management team, we will consider acquisitions of, or majority investments in, listed and non-listed real estate companies or portfolios as an ancillary investment strategy. 
 Our investment objectives and policies may be amended or changed at any time by our board of directors without a vote of stockholders. Although we have no plans at this time to change any of our investment objectives described herein, our board of directors may change any and all such investment objectives, including our focus on the properties and investments described above, if it believes such changes are in the best interests of our stockholders. We intend to notify our stockholders of any change to our investment policies by disclosing such changes in a public filing such as a filing under the Exchange Act, as appropriate. We cannot assure you that our policies or investment objectives will be attained or that the value of our Class C Common Stock will not decrease. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Primary Investment Objectives 
 Our primary investment objectives are: 
 to provide attractive growth in AFFO and sustainable cash distributions; 
 to realize appreciation from proactive investment selection and management; 
 to provide future opportunities for growth and value creation; and 
 to provide an investment alternative for stockholders seeking to allocate a portion of their long-term investment portfolios to commercial real estate. 
 Purchases of properties in the near-term will be funded primarily with borrowings under our Credit Facility (defined below), proceeds from dispositions of office and retail properties, and cash on hand. In the long-term, we expect to sell additional shares of our Class C Common Stock, subject to market conditions and a recovery in the trading price of our Class C Common Stock. We are targeting leverage, over the long-term once we achieve scale, of 40 or lower of the aggregate fair value of our real estate properties plus our cash and cash equivalents; however, we will consider incurring higher leverage in the near-term if we identify attractive acquisition opportunities in advance of completing dispositions or raising additional equity. We expect the trend of onshoring manufacturing to accelerate and plan to focus future acquisitions on industrial manufacturing properties while reducing the number of office and retail properties, subject to market conditions and the availability of prices that we consider attractive. We can provide no assurance that we will achieve our investment objectives. See the Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Investment Strategy 
 Commercial Real Estate 
 In pursuit of our primary investment objectives, we seek to acquire a portfolio of income-generating commercial real estate investments in industrial manufacturing properties throughout the United States diversified by corporate credit, physical geography, industry and lease duration. While we are primarily focused on acquiring industrial manufacturing properties, we may also acquire other assets, including, without limitation, other industrial properties. We intend to acquire assets consistent with our acquisition philosophy by focusing primarily on properties leased to tenants at the time we acquire them, with strong financial statements and typically subject to long-term leases with defined rental rate increases. 
 We may also acquire assets with short-term leases or that require some amount of capital investment in order to be renovated or repositioned. We generally will limit investment in new developments on a standalone basis, but may consider development that is ancillary to an overall investment. Given our current focus on industrial manufacturing, we do not designate specific geography or industry allocations for the portfolio; rather, we intend to invest in industrial manufacturing properties where we see the best opportunities that support our investment objectives. We are in the process of increasing our asset allocation to the industrial sector and decreasing our allocation to the office and retail sectors. 
 We cannot assure our stockholders that any of the properties we acquire will result in the benefits discussed above. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors General Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Investments in Single-Tenant Real Estate. 
 General Acquisition and Investment Policies 
 We seek to make investments that satisfy the primary investment objective of providing sustainable cash distributions to our preferred and common stockholders. In addition, because a significant factor in the valuation of income-producing real property is its potential for future appreciation, we anticipate that some properties we acquire may have the potential both for appreciation in value and for providing sustainable cash distributions to our preferred and common stockholders. 
 Although this is our current focus, we may make adjustments to our target portfolio based on real estate market conditions and investment opportunities. We will not forego an investment opportunity because it does not precisely fit our expected portfolio composition. We believe that we are most likely to meet our investment objectives through the careful selection of assets. When making an acquisition, we will emphasize the performance and risk characteristics of that investment, how that investment will fit with our portfolio-level performance objectives, the other assets in our portfolio and how the returns and risks of that investment compare to the returns and risks of available investment alternatives. Thus, our portfolio composition may vary from what we initially expect. We will attempt to construct a portfolio that produces stable and attractive returns by spreading risk across different real estate investments. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Our management team has substantial discretion with respect to the selection of specific properties. However, acquisition parameters are established by our board of directors and potential acquisitions outside of these parameters require approval by our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors. In selecting a potential property for acquisition, we consider a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 tenant creditworthiness; 
 lease terms, including length of lease term, scope of landlord responsibilities, if any, and frequency of contractual rental increases; 
 projected demand in the area; 
 proposed purchase price, terms and conditions; 
 historical financial performance; 
 a property s physical location, visibility, curb appeal and access; 
 construction quality and condition; 
 potential for capital appreciation; 
 demographics of the area, neighborhood growth patterns, economic conditions, and local market conditions; 
 potential capital reserves required to maintain the property; 
 potential for the construction of new properties in the area; 
 evaluation of title and ability to obtain satisfactory title insurance; 
 evaluation of any reasonable ascertainable risks such as environmental contamination; and 
 replacement use of the property in the event of loss of existing tenant (limited special use properties). 
 There is no limitation on the number, size or type of properties that we may acquire or on the percentage of net offering proceeds that may be invested in any particular property type or single property. The number and mix of properties will depend upon real estate market conditions and other circumstances existing at the time of acquisition. 
 Creditworthiness of Tenants 
 In the course of making a real estate investment decision, we assess the creditworthiness of the tenant that leases the property we intend to purchase. Tenant creditworthiness is an important investment criterion, as it provides a barometer of relative risk of tenant default, but tenant creditworthiness analysis is just one element of due diligence which we perform when considering a property purchase, and the weight we ascribe to tenant creditworthiness is a function of the results of other elements of due diligence. 
 Some of the properties we intend to acquire may be leased to public companies or their subsidiaries. Many public companies have their creditworthiness analyzed by bond rating firms such as Standard Poor s and Moody s. These firms issue credit rating reports which segregate public companies into what are commonly called investment grade companies and non-investment grade companies. We expect that our portfolio of properties will contain a mix of properties that are leased to investment grade public companies, non-investment grade public companies, and non-public companies (or individuals). 
 The creditworthiness of investment grade public companies is generally regarded as very high. As to prospective property acquisitions leased to other than investment grade tenants, we intend to analyze publicly available information and/or information regarding tenant creditworthiness provided by the sellers of such properties and then make a determination in each instance as to whether we believe the subject tenant has the financial fortitude to honor its lease obligations. 
 The majority of our leases entered into over the last 18 months require tenants to provide us with financial reports on a regular basis and we intend to analyze tenant creditworthiness on an ongoing basis, post-acquisition. However, many of our older legacy leases limit our ability as landlord to demand non-public tenant financial information on a recurring basis. It is our policy and practice, however, to monitor public announcements regarding our tenants, as applicable, and tenant payment histories. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Description of Leases 
 We expect to invest in industrial manufacturing real estate investments, which are primarily single tenant properties, with new leases negotiated in connection with sale and leaseback transactions or existing net leases. Net leases typically require tenants to pay all or a majority of the operating expenses, including real estate taxes, special assessments and sales and use taxes, utilities, insurance, common area maintenance charges, and building repairs related to the property, in addition to the lease payments. There are various forms of net leases, typically classified as triple-net or double-net. Under most commercial leases, tenants are obligated to pay a predetermined ABR. Most of the leases also will contain provisions that increase the amount of base rent payable at points during the lease term. Triple-net leases typically require the tenant to pay common area maintenance, insurance, and taxes associated with a property in addition to the base rent and percentage rent, if any. Double-net leases typically require the landlord to be responsible for structural and capital elements of the leased property. Full-service gross leases require the landlord to be responsible for all operating expenses of the property. 
 We anticipate that most of our acquisitions will have lease terms of 15+ years at the time of the property acquisition and we may acquire properties under which the lease term has partially expired. We also may acquire properties with shorter lease terms if the property is located in a desirable location, is difficult to replace, or has other significant favorable real estate attributes. Generally, the net leases require each tenant to procure, at its own expense, commercial general liability insurance, as well as property insurance covering the building for the full replacement value and naming the ownership entity and the lender, if applicable, as the additional insured on the policy. We may elect to obtain, to the extent commercially available, contingent liability and property insurance, flood insurance, environmental contamination insurance, as well as loss of rent insurance that covers one or more years of annual rent in the event of a rental loss. However, the coverage and amounts of our insurance policies may not be sufficient to cover our entire risk. Tenants are required to provide proof of insurance by furnishing a certificate of insurance to us on an annual basis. We will track and review the insurance certificates for compliance. 
 Our Borrowing Strategy and Policies 
 We may incur indebtedness in the form of bank borrowings, purchase money obligations to the sellers of properties, and publicly or privately placed debt instruments or financing from institutional investors or other lenders. We may obtain a credit facility or separate loans for each acquisition, or we may assume existing indebtedness. Our indebtedness may be unsecured or may be secured by mortgages or other interests in our properties. We may use borrowing proceeds to finance acquisitions of new properties, to pay for capital improvements, repairs or buildouts, to refinance existing indebtedness, to fund repurchases of our shares of common and/or preferred stock or to provide working capital. To the extent we borrow on a short-term basis, we may refinance such short-term debt into long-term, amortizing mortgages once a critical mass of properties has been acquired and to the extent such debt is available at terms that are more favorable than the existing debt. 
 Our primary borrowing mechanism is a 400,000,000 credit agreement Credit Agreement which provides a 150,000,000 revolving line of credit due in January 2026, which may be extended by up to 12 months subject to certain conditions (the Revolver ), and a 250,000,000 term loan due in January 2027 (the Term Loan and together with the Revolver, the Credit Facility ). The Revolver and the Term Loan are available for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, acquisitions, repayment of existing indebtedness and capital expenditures. The Credit Facility includes customary representations, warranties and covenants as described in Part I, Item 7. Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 While our Credit Facility allows for borrowings of up to 60 of our borrowing base, we are targeting leverage of 40 or lower over the long-term once we achieve scale; however, we will consider higher leverage in the near-term if we identify attractive acquisition opportunities in advance of completing dispositions or raising additional equity. 
 We may re-evaluate and change our debt strategy and policies in the future without a stockholder vote. Factors that we could consider when re-evaluating or changing our debt strategy and policies include then-current economic and market conditions, the relative cost of debt and equity capital, any acquisition opportunities, the ability of our properties to generate sufficient cash flow to cover debt service requirements and other similar factors. Further, we may increase or decrease our ratio of debt to equity in connection with any change of our borrowing policies. 
 Acquisition Structure 
 Although we are not limited as to the form our investments may take, our investments in real estate will generally constitute acquiring fee title in real property or interests in entities that own and operate real estate. If we make investments in listed and non-listed real estate and real estate-related companies, such investments will generally involve acquiring the assets of, or a controlling interest (whether by the way of share purchase, merger, partnership, joint venture or otherwise) in such entities. We may also purchase real estate-related debt and equity securities in those limited instances where doing so is conducive to completing a merger or acquisition of another entity. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 We will generally make acquisitions of our real estate investments directly through our Operating Partnership or indirectly through limited liability companies or limited partnerships (including through our TRS (as described below)), or through investments in joint ventures, partnerships, tenants-in-common, co-tenancies or other co-ownership arrangements with other owners of properties. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors General Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate. 
 Real Property Investments 
 We will continually evaluate various target property investments and engage in discussions and negotiations with sellers regarding our potential purchase of properties. If we believe that a reasonable probability exists that we will acquire a significant property or portfolio of properties (a Significant Property Acquisition ), we will disclose the pending material terms of the Significant Property Acquisition in an Annual Report on Form 10-K, a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or a Current Report on Form 8-K (a Current Report after we have completed due diligence. We expect that this may occur following the signing of a purchase agreement for a Significant Property Acquisition and upon the satisfaction or expiration of major contingencies in any such purchase agreement, depending on the particular circumstances surrounding each potential investment. The disclosure will also describe any improvements proposed to be constructed thereon and other information that we consider appropriate for an understanding of the transaction. Further data will be made available after any pending Significant Property Acquisition is consummated, also by means of a Current Report, if appropriate. The disclosure of any proposed Significant Property Acquisition cannot be relied upon as an assurance that we will ultimately consummate such acquisition or that the information provided concerning the proposed acquisition will not change between the date of the Current Report and any actual purchase. 
 We expect to have adequate insurance coverage for all properties in which we invest. Most of our leases will require that our tenants procure insurance for both commercial general liability and property damage. In such instances, the policy will list us an additional insured. However, lease terms may provide that tenants are not required to, and we may decide not to, obtain any or adequate earthquake or similar catastrophic insurance coverage because the premiums are too high, even in instances where it may otherwise be available. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors General Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate. 
 Conditions to Closing Acquisitions 
 We perform a diligence review on each property that we purchase. As part of this review, we obtain an environmental site assessment for each proposed acquisition (which at a minimum includes a Phase I environmental assessment). We will not close the purchase of any property unless we are generally satisfied with the environmental status of the property. We will also generally seek to condition our obligation to close the purchase of any investment on the delivery of certain documents from the seller. Such documents include, where available and appropriate: 
 property surveys and site audits; 
 building plans and specifications, if available; 
 soil reports, seismic studies and flood zone studies, if available; 
 licenses, permits, maps and governmental approvals; 
 tenant leases and estoppel certificates; 
 tenant financial statements and information, as permitted; 
 historical financial statements and tax statement summaries of the properties; 
 proof of marketable title, subject to such liens and encumbrances as are acceptable to us; and 
 liability and title insurance policies. 
 Co-Ownership Real Estate Investments 
 We may acquire some of our properties in the form of a co-ownership, including but not limited to tenants-in-common and joint ventures. Among other reasons, we may want to acquire properties through a co-ownership structure with third parties in order to take advantage of growth opportunities for our portfolio. Co-ownership structures may also allow us to acquire an interest in a property without requiring that we fund the entire purchase price. In addition, certain properties may be available to us only through co-ownership structures. In determining whether to utilize a particular co-ownership structure, our management will evaluate the subject real property under the same criteria described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. To the extent possible, we will attempt to obtain a right of first refusal or option to buy a property held by a co-ownership structure and allow such co-owners to exchange their interest for our Operating Partnership s units or to sell their interest to us in its entirety. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Issuance of Senior Securities 
 Our charter authorizes our board of directors to designate and issue one or more classes or series of preferred stock without approval of our common stockholders and to establish the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of repurchase of each class or series of preferred stock so issued. Therefore, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of additional shares of preferred stock with terms and conditions that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control or other transaction that might involve a premium price for shares of our common stock or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control. For more information regarding our preferred stock, including our Series A Preferred Stock, see Note 9 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Disposition Policies 
 We generally intend to hold each property we acquire for an extended period. However, we may sell a property at any time if, in our judgment, the sale of the property is in the best interests of our stockholders. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we embarked on a strategic plan to reduce our exposure to office and retail properties and increase our WALT by acquiring industrial manufacturing properties with the majority of the lease terms having 15+ years in duration. 
 The determination of whether a particular property should be sold or otherwise disposed of will generally be made after consideration of relevant factors, including prevailing economic conditions, other investment opportunities and considerations specific to the condition, value and financial performance of the property. 
 We may sell assets to third parties or to affiliates. All transactions between us and an affiliate must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 
 Affiliate Transaction Policy 
 Our independent directors will review and approve (by majority vote) all matters the board of directors believes may involve a conflict of interest and will approve all transactions between us and our affiliates. 
 Reporting Policy 
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. We intend to furnish our stockholders with annual reports containing consolidated financial statements certified by an independent public accounting firm. These and any of these future filings with the SEC are and will be available to the public free of charge over the Internet at our website at www.modiv.com or through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . These filings are available promptly after we file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. 
 Competitive Market Factors 
 The U.S. commercial real estate investment and leasing markets are competitive. We face competition from various entities for investment opportunities for prospective tenants and to retain our current tenants, including other REITs, pension funds, insurance companies, private equity and other investment funds and companies, partnerships and developers. Many of these entities have substantially greater financial resources than we do and may be able to accept more risk than we can prudently manage, including risks with respect to the creditworthiness of a tenant or the geographic location of their investments. Competition from these entities may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities offered to us or increase the bargaining power of property owners seeking to sell. Further, as a result of their greater resources, those entities may have more flexibility than we do in their ability to offer rental concessions to attract and retain tenants. This could put pressure on our ability to maintain or raise rents and could adversely affect our ability to attract or retain tenants. As a result, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and ability to pay distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected. 
 Although we believe that we are well-positioned to compete effectively, there is significant competition in our market sector and there can be no assurance that we will compete effectively or that we will not encounter increased competition in the future that could limit our ability to conduct our business effectively. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Compliance with Federal, State and Local Environmental Law 
 Our business is subject to many laws and governmental regulations. Changes in these laws and regulations, or their interpretation by agencies and courts, occur frequently. 
 Americans with Disabilities Act 
 Our properties are subject to regulation under federal laws, such as the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended ADA ), pursuant to which all public accommodations must meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. Although we believe that our properties substantially comply with present requirements of the ADA, we have not conducted an audit or investigation of all of our properties to determine our compliance. If one or more of our properties or future properties are not in compliance with the ADA, we might be required to take remedial action, which would require us to incur additional costs to bring the property into compliance. Failing to comply could result in the imposition of fines by the federal government or an award of damages to private litigants. In addition, a number of additional federal, state and local laws may require us to modify or restrict our ability to renovate our properties or properties we may purchase. Additional legislation could impose financial obligations or restrictions with respect to access by disabled persons. Although we believe that these costs will not have a material adverse effect on us, if required changes involve a greater amount of expenditures than we currently anticipate, our ability to make expected distributions could be adversely affected. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors General Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate . 
 Environmental Matters 
 All real property and the operations conducted on real property are subject to federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations relating to environmental protection and human health and safety. These laws and regulations generally govern wastewater discharges, air emissions, the operation and removal of underground and above-ground storage tanks, the use, storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of solid and hazardous materials, the presence and release of hazardous substances and the remediation of any associated contamination. 
 Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be held liable for the costs of removing or remediating hazardous or toxic substances. These laws often impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator was responsible for, or even knew of, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. The costs of investigating, removing or remediating these substances may be substantial, and the presence of these substances may adversely affect our ability to rent or sell properties or to borrow using the property as collateral and may expose us to liability resulting from any release of or exposure to these substances. If we arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances at another location, we may be liable for the costs of removing or remediating these substances at the disposal or treatment facility, whether or not the facility is owned or operated by us. 
 We may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from a site that we own or operate. Certain environmental laws also impose liability in connection with the handling of or exposure to asbestos-containing materials, pursuant to which third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury associated with asbestos-containing materials and other hazardous or toxic substances. We maintain a pollution insurance policy for some of our properties to insure against the potential liability of remediation and exposure risk. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors General Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate . 
 Other Regulations 
 The properties we acquire will be subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as zoning and state and local fire and life safety requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in the imposition of fines by governmental authorities or awards of damages to private litigants. We intend to acquire properties that are in material compliance with all such regulatory requirements. However, we cannot assure investors that these requirements will not change or that new requirements will not be imposed which would require significant unanticipated expenditures and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Industry Segments 
 Our current business consists of owning, managing, operating, leasing, acquiring, investing in and disposing of commercial real estate assets. All of our consolidated revenues are derived from our consolidated real estate properties. We internally evaluate operating performance on an individual property level and view all of our real estate assets as one industry segment, and, accordingly, all of our properties are aggregated into one reportable segment. 
 Major Tenants 
 The details of our top ten tenants, based on ABR, as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 S P/ Lease Square Moody's Expiration ABR Feet SF Tenant Location Sector Rating Date ABR Total SF Total Trophy of Carson California Retail Not rated 1/31/2047 3,984,941 12 72,623 2 Lindsay Various Industrial Not rated 4/30/2047 3,783,930 11 618,195 20 Costco Wholesale Washington Office A+/Aa3 7/31/2025 2,362,956 7 97,191 3 AvAir Arizona Industrial Not rated 12/31/2032 2,318,570 7 162,714 5 3M Illinois Industrial A+/A1 7/31/2034 1,856,419 6 410,400 13 Valtir Various Industrial Not rated 7/21/2037 7/31/2047 1,814,847 5 293,612 9 Taylor Farms Foods Arizona Industrial Not rated 9/30/2033 1,638,884 5 216,727 7 FUJIFILM Dimatix (a) California Industrial AA-/A2 3/16/2026 1,630,916 5 91,740 3 Cummins, Inc. Tennessee Office A+/A2 2/29/2024 1,520,789 4 87,230 3 Northrop Grumman Florida Industrial BBB+/Baa1 5/31/2026 1,274,437 4 107,419 3 Totals 22,186,689 66 2,157,851 68 
 (a) Reflects our approximate 72.7 TIC Interest. 
 See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We are subject to risks related to tenant concentration, and an adverse development with respect to a large tenant could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 12 total employees, all of which are full-time employees. 
 Principal Executive Offices 
 Effective December 16, 2022, we and our subsidiaries moved our principal executive offices to 200 S. Virginia Street, Reno, Nevada, 89501 from 120 Newport Center Drive, Newport Beach, California, 92660. Our telephone number and website address are (888) 686-6348 and http://www.Modiv.com , respectively, and are unchanged. 
 Available Information 
 Access to copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements and other filings with the SEC, including amendments to such filings, may be obtained free of charge from the following website, http://www.Modiv.com , and/or through a link to the SEC s website, http://www.sec.gov . These filings are available promptly after we file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. Below is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face and should be read in conjunction with the full risk factors contained below in this Risk Factors section in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We are focused on future acquisitions of industrial manufacturing properties while reducing the number of office and retail properties in our portfolio, and therefore the prior performance of our real estate investments may not be indicative of our future results. 
 Disruptions in the financial markets and uncertain economic conditions could adversely affect market rental rates, commercial real estate values and our ability to secure debt financing at interest rates acceptable to us or at all, to service future debt obligations, or to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 We have a substantial amou nt of inde btedness outstandi ng, whi ch may expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations. 
 Increases in mortgage rates or changes in underwriting standards may make it difficult for us to finance or refinance properties, which could reduce the number of properties we can acquire, our cash flow from operations and the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Inflation and rising interest rates may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption to our tenants' business operations and any future outbreak of other highly infectious or contagious diseases could materially and adversely impact or disrupt our business operations, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and performance. 
 Our listing on the NYSE does not guarantee an active and liquid market for our Class C Common Stock, and the market price and trading volume of the shares of our Class C Common Stock may fluctuate significantly. 
 Our Class C Common Stock is subordinate to our Series A Preferred Stock and our existing and future debt, and our common stockholders' interests could be diluted by the issuance of additional preferred stock, future offerings of debt securities, which could be senior to our common stock, or equity securities, and by other transactions. 
 Failure to continue to qualify as a REIT would reduce our net earnings available for investment or distribution. 
 Our real estate investments may include special use single-tenant properties that may be difficult to sell or re-lease upon tenant defaults or early terminations. 
 Downturns relating to certain geographic regions, industries or business sectors may have a more significant adverse impact on our assets and our ability to pay distributions than if we had a more diversified investment portfolio. 
 We are subject to risks related to tenant concentration, and an adverse development with respect to a large tenant could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Our real estate properties and related intangible assets may be subject to impairment charges. 
 We face significant competition for real estate investment opportunities, which may limit our ability to acquire suitable investments and achieve our investment objectives or pay distributions. 
 Our financial condition and ability to make distributions may be adversely affected by the bankruptcy or insolvency of a tenant, a downturn in the business of a tenant or a tenant s lease termination. 
 Our charter and bylaws contain provisions, including restrictions on the ownership and transfer of our stock, that may delay, defer or prevent an acquisition of our common stock or a change in control. 
 We have experienced losses in the past and we may experience additional losses in the future. 
 Uninsured losses relating to real property could reduce our cash flow from operations and reduce the value of stockholders investment in us. 
 We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology networks and related systems. 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to an Investment in Our Class C Common Stock 
 Our listing on the NYSE does not guarantee an active and liquid market for our Class C Common Stock, and the market price and trading volume of the shares of our Class C Common Stock may fluctuate significantly. 
 Our Class C Common Stock only recently began trading on the NYSE, and we can provide no assurance an active and liquid trading market for the shares of our Class C Common Stock will be sustained. The market price and liquidity of our Class C Common Stock may be adversely affected by the absence of an active trading market. The market price for the shares of our Class C Common Stock may not equal or may exceed the price our stockholders pay for their shares. 
 The trading price for our Class C Common Stock may be influenced by many factors, including: 
 general financial and economic market conditions and, in particular, developments related to market conditions for REITs and other real estate-related companies including the potential impact of inflation; 
 low trading volume in our Class C Common Stock, which makes it difficult to attract institutional investors; 
 our financial condition and performance; 
 our ability to grow through property acquisitions or real estate-related investments, the terms and pace of any acquisitions we may make and the availability and terms of financing for those acquisitions; 
 the financial condition of our tenants, including tenant bankruptcies or defaults; 
 actual or anticipated quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and financial condition; 
 the amount and frequency of our payment of dividends and other distributions; 
 additional sales of equity securities, including Series A Preferred Stock, Class C Common Stock or any other equity interests, or the perception that additional sales may occur; 
 the reputation of REITs and real estate investments generally and the attractiveness of REIT equity securities in comparison to other equity securities, and fixed income debt securities; 
 uncertainty and volatility in the equity and credit markets; 
 fluctuations in interest rates and exchange rates; 
 changes in revenue or earnings estimates, if any, or publication of research reports and recommendations by financial analysts or actions taken by rating agencies with respect to our securities or those of other REITs; 
 failure to meet analysts revenue or earnings estimates; 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 
 the extent of investment in our Class C Common Stock by institutional investors; 
 the extent of short-selling of our Class C Common Stock; 
 failure to maintain our REIT status; 
 changes in tax laws; 
 additions and departures of key personnel; 
 domestic and international economic factors unrelated to our performance including uncertainty and volatility resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and emergence and spread of variants, including any future variants and resistance to currently available vaccines, as well as the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and the economic sanctions and other restrictive actions taken against Russia by the U.S. and other countries in response thereto, which have added to continuing concerns about supply chain disruptions, inflation and increased interest rates in the markets in which we operate; and 
 the occurrence of any of the other risk factors presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including in this Part I, Item 1A . Risk Factors section and under the caption Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Our possible failure to meet the continued listing requirements of the NYSE could result in a delisting of our Class C Common Stock. 
 If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of the NYSE such as the corporate governance requirements or the minimum closing bid price requirement, the NYSE may take steps to delist our Class C Common Stock. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of our Class C Common Stock and would impair our common stockholders ability to sell or purchase our Class C Common Stock when they wish to do so. In the event of a delisting, we can provide no assurance that any action taken by us to restore compliance with listing requirements would allow our Class C Common Stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our Class C Common Stock, prevent our Class C Common Stock from dropping below the NYSE minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with NYSE s listing requirements. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to pay dividends is limited by the requirements of Maryland law. 
 Our ability to pay dividends, in general and with respect to our Class C Common Stock specifically, is limited by the laws of Maryland. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL ), we generally may not pay dividends if, after giving effect to the dividend payment, we would not be able to pay our debts as our debts become due in the usual course of business, or our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus, unless our charter provides otherwise, the amount that would be needed, if we were dissolved at the time of the dividend payment, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of our stockholders whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving the dividend payment. 
 Dividends payable on our Class C Common Stock generally do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. 
 Currently, the maximum tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates is 20 plus, to the extent applicable, the 3.8 surtax on net investment income. Dividends payable by REITs to these noncorporate stockholders, however, generally are not qualified dividends and therefore are not eligible for taxation at this reduced rate. However, through December 31, 2025, noncorporate stockholders may be entitled to deduct 20 of the ordinary dividends received from a REIT, which temporarily reduces the effective tax rate on these dividends to a maximum tax rate of 29.6 (not including the 3.8 surtax on net investment income) for those years. The more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause investors who are individuals, trusts and estates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including our stock. Tax rates could be changed in future legislation. 
 Our Class C Common Stock is subordinate to our Series A Preferred Stock and our existing and future debt, and our common stockholders' interests could be diluted by the issuance of additional preferred stock, future offerings of debt securities, which could be senior to our common stock, or equity securities, and by other transactions. 
 Our Class C Common Stock will rank junior to all Series A Preferred Stock and our existing and future debt and to other non-equity claims on us and our assets available to satisfy claims against us, including claims in bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceedings. Our Credit Facility includes, and our future debt may include, restrictions on our ability to pay dividends to common stockholders, including holders of Class C Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were 2,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. In addition, our board of directors has the power under our charter to classify any of our unissued shares of preferred stock, and to reclassify any of our previously classified but unissued shares of preferred stock of any class or series, from time to time, in one or more series of preferred stock. 
 In the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by offering debt or equity securities, including medium term notes, senior or subordinated notes and classes of preferred or common stock. Debt securities or shares of preferred stock will generally be entitled to receive interest payments or distributions, both current and in connection with any liquidation or sale, prior to the holders of our common stock. We are not required to offer any such additional debt or equity securities to existing common stockholders on a preemptive basis. Therefore, offerings of common stock or other equity securities may dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders. Future offerings of debt or equity securities, or the perception that such offerings may occur, may reduce the market price of our common stock and/or the distributions that we pay with respect to our common stock. Because we may generally issue any such debt or equity securities in the future without obtaining the consent of our stockholders, our stockholders will bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting their proportionate ownership. 
 Further, in connection with the January 2022 acquisition of a KIA auto dealership property, as discussed herein, the seller received Class C OP Units as a portion of the purchase price. The holder of the Class C OP Units may require the redemption of all or a portion of these units for cash or, at our option as the general partner of the Operating Partnership, shares of Class C Common Stock (the Class C OP Unit Redemption ). If we determine to satisfy the Class C OP Unit Redemption with shares of Class C Common Stock, such holder of Class C OP Units will be entitled to receive one share of Class C Common Stock for each Class C OP Unit, subject to adjustment. As a result, our stockholders will be diluted by the issuance of Class C Common Stock in connection with the Class C OP Unit Redemption, which could have a material adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 The future issuance or sale of additional shares of our Class C Common Stock could adversely affect the trading price of our Class C Common Stock. 
 Future issuances or sales of substantial numbers of shares of our Class C Common Stock in the public market or the perception that issuances or sales might occur, could adversely affect the per share trading price of our Class C Common Stock. The per share trading price of our Class C Common Stock may decline significantly upon the sale or offering of additional shares of our Class C Common Stock. Because we have a large number of stockholders and our shares of common stock have not been listed on a national securities exchange until recently, there may be significant pent-up demand to sell our shares. 
 Our distributions to stockholders may change, which could adversely affect the market price of our Class C Common Stock. 
 All distributions will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our actual and projected financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and funds from operations, maintenance of our REIT qualification and such other matters as our board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. We may not be able to make distributions in the future or may need to fund such distributions from external sources, as to which no assurances can be given. In addition, we may choose to retain operating cash flow for investment purposes, working capital reserves or other purposes, and these retained funds, although increasing the value of our underlying assets, may not correspondingly increase the market price of our Class C Common Stock. Our failure to meet the market s expectations with regard to future cash distributions likely would adversely affect the market price of our Class C Common Stock. 
 Increases in market interest rates may result in a decrease in the value of our Class C Common Stock. 
 One of the factors that may influence the price of our Class C Common Stock will be the distribution rate on the Class C Common Stock (as a percentage of the price of our Class C Common Stock) relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates rise, prospective purchasers of shares of our Class C Common Stock may expect a higher distribution rate. Higher interest rates would not, however, result in more funds being available for distribution and, in fact, would likely increase our borrowing costs and might decrease our funds available for distribution. We therefore may not be able, or we may not choose, to provide a higher distribution rate. As a result, prospective purchasers may decide to purchase other securities rather than our Class C Common Stock, which would reduce the demand for, and result in a decline in the market price of, our Class C Common Stock. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We are focused on future acquisitions of industrial manufacturing properties while reducing the number of office and retail properties in our portfolio, and therefore the prior performance of our real estate investments may not be indicative of our future results. 
 We were incorporated in the State of Maryland on May 15, 2015 and during the fourth quarter of 2021, we embarked on a strategic plan to reduce our exposure to office and retail properties and invest primarily in industrial manufacturing real estate properties. We also may seek to acquire listed and non-listed real estate companies or portfolios. As of December 31, 2022, we owned 46 properties, including one tenant-in-common real estate investment (an approximate 72.7 interest in a 91,740 square foot industrial property located in Santa Clara, California). Because we are focused on future acquisitions of industrial manufacturing properties while reducing the number of office and retail properties in our portfolio, the prior performance of our real estate investments or real estate investment programs, particularly those in place prior to the fourth quarter of 2021, may not be indicative of our future results. 
 Investors should consider our prospects in light of the risks, uncertainties and difficulties frequently encountered by companies that are, like us, in their early stage of operations or have recently shifted investment objectives. To be successful in this market, we must, among other things: 
 identify and acquire investments that further our investment objectives; 
 increase awareness of our brand within the investment products market; 
 retain qualified personnel to manage our day-to-day operations; and 
 respond to competition for our targeted real estate properties and other investments as well as for potential investors. 
 We cannot guarantee that we will succeed in achieving these goals, and our failure to do so could cause our investors to lose money. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Failure to continue to qualify as a REIT would reduce our net earnings available for investment or distribution. 
 Our continued qualification as a REIT will depend upon our ability to meet requirements regarding our organization and ownership, distribution of our income, the nature and diversification of our income and assets and other tests imposed by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code ), on a continuing basis. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we may not obtain independent appraisals. Our compliance with the REIT income and quarterly asset requirements also depends upon our ability to successfully manage the composition of our income and assets on an ongoing basis. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service IRS will not contend that our assets or income cause a violation of the REIT requirements under the Internal Revenue Code. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at corporate rates, and distributions to our stockholders would no longer be deductible by us in computing our taxable income. Any resulting corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for investment or distribution to our stockholders, and we might be required to borrow funds or liquidate some investments in order to pay the applicable tax. Unless we were entitled to relief under certain Internal Revenue Code provisions, we would also generally be disqualified from re-electing to be taxed as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which we lost our REIT status. 
 We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology IT networks and related systems. 
 The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. Our website, www.modiv.com , our IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Even the most well protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. 
 A security breach or other significant disruption involving our IT networks and related systems could: 
 disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems and therefore our operations; 
 result in misstated financial reports, violations of loan covenants and/or missed reporting deadlines to the SEC; 
 result in our inability to properly monitor our compliance with the rules and regulations regarding our qualification as a REIT; 
 result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of, proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or others, which others could use to compete against us, or which could expose us to damage claims by third-parties for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; 
 require significant management attention and resources to remedy any damages that result; 
 subject us to claims for breach of contract, damages, credits, penalties or termination of leases or other agreements; 
 result in the unauthorized release of our stockholders private, personal information such as addresses, social security numbers and bank account information; and/or 
 damage our reputation among investors. 
 Any or all of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 We face significant competition for real estate investment opportunities, which may limit our ability to acquire suitable investments and achieve our investment objectives or pay distributions. 
 We face competition from various entities for real estate investment opportunities, including other REITs, pension funds, banks and insurance companies, private equity and other investment funds, and companies, partnerships and developers. Many of these entities have substantially greater financial resources than we do and may be able to accept more risk than we can prudently manage, including risks with respect to the creditworthiness of a tenant or the geographic location of their investments. Competition from these entities may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities offered to us or increase the bargaining power of property owners seeking to sell. Additionally, disruptions and dislocations in the credit markets could impact the cost and availability of debt to finance real estate investments, which is a key component of our acquisition strategy. A downturn in the credit markets and a potential lack of available debt could limit our ability to pursue suitable investment opportunities and create a competitive advantage for other entities that have greater financial resources than we do. In addition, the number of entities and the amount of funds competing for suitable investments may increase. If we acquire investments at higher prices and/or by using less-than-ideal capital structures, our returns will be lower and the value of our respective assets may not appreciate or may decrease significantly below the amount we paid for such assets. If such events occur, our stockholders may experience a lower return on their investment. 
 If we are unable to complete acquisitions of suitable investments, we may not be able to achieve our investment objectives or pay distributions. 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objectives and to pay distributions depends upon our performance in the acquisition of investments, including the determination of any financing arrangements. We expect to continue to invest, directly or indirectly through investments in affiliated and non-affiliated entities, in industrial manufacturing real estate properties. We may also seek to acquire listed or non-listed real estate and real estate-related companies or portfolios. 
 Our investors must rely entirely on our management abilities and the oversight of our board of directors. We can give no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining suitable investments on financially attractive terms or that we will achieve our objectives. In the event we are unable to timely locate suitable investments, we may be unable or limited in our ability to pay distributions and we may not be able to meet our investment objectives. 
 Disruptions in the financial markets and uncertain economic conditions could adversely affect market rental rates, commercial real estate values and our ability to secure debt financing at interest rates acceptable to us or at all, to service future debt obligations, or to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 Currently, both the investing and leasing environments are highly competitive. While there has been an increase in the amount of capital flowing into the U.S. real estate markets, which resulted in an increase in real estate values in certain markets, the uncertainty regarding the economic environment has made businesses reluctant to make long-term commitments or changes in their business plans. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant disruptions in financial markets, supply chains, inflation, uncertainty about how the economy will perform and the extent to which employees working from home will return to the office. In addition, the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and the economic sanctions and other restrictive actions taken against Russia by the U.S. and other countries in response thereto has further disrupted global financial markets and affect macroeconomic conditions. 
 Volatility in global markets and changing political environments can cause fluctuations in the performance of the U.S. commercial real estate markets. Economic slowdowns of large economies outside the United States are likely to negatively impact growth of the U.S. economy. Political uncertainties both home and abroad may discourage business investment in real estate and other capital spending. Possible future declines in rental rates and expectations of future rental concessions, including free rent to renew tenants early, to retain tenants who are up for renewal or to attract new tenants may result in decreases in cash flows from investment properties. Increases in the cost of financing due to higher interest rates may cause difficulty in refinancing debt obligations prior to maturity at terms as favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness. Market conditions can change quickly, potentially negatively impacting the value of real estate investments. Management continuously reviews our investment and debt financing strategies to optimize our portfolio and the cost of our debt exposure. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 We plan to rely on debt financing to finance our real estate properties and we may have difficulty refinancing some of our debt obligations prior to or at maturity, or we may not be able to refinance these obligations at terms as favorable as the terms of our current indebtedness and we also may be unable to obtain additional debt financing on attractive terms or at all. If we are not able to refinance our current indebtedness on attractive terms at the various maturity dates, we may be forced to dispose of some of our assets. 
 The debt market remains sensitive to the macro environment, such as Federal Reserve policy, market sentiment or regulatory factors affecting the banking and commercial mortgage-backed securities industries, significant increases in inflation, the outbreak of hostilities between Russia and Ukraine and the COVID-19 pandemic. We may experience more stringent lending criteria, which may affect our ability to finance certain property acquisitions or refinance any debt at maturity. Additionally, for properties for which we are able to obtain financing, the interest rates and other terms on such loans may be unacceptable. 
 Disruptions in the financial markets and uncertain economic conditions could adversely affect the values of our investments. Furthermore, declining economic conditions could negatively impact commercial real estate fundamentals and result in lower occupancy, lower rental rates and declining values in our real estate portfolio, which could have the following negative effects on us: 
 1. the values of our investments in commercial properties could decrease below the amounts paid for such investments; and/or 
 2. revenues from our properties could decrease due to fewer tenants and/or lower rental rates, making it more difficult for us to pay distributions or meet our debt service obligations on debt financing. 
 All of these factors could reduce stockholders return and decrease the value of an investment in us. 
 Our real estate properties and related intangible assets may be subject to impairment charges. 
 We routinely evaluate our real estate properties and related intangible assets for impairment indicators. The judgment regarding the existence of impairment indicators is based on factors such as market conditions, tenant performance and lease structure. For example, the early termination of, or default under, a lease by a tenant may lead to an impairment charge. Furthermore, as we reposition our portfolio by selling some of our legacy office and retail properties with short lease terms, such pending sales could lead to potential impairment charges depending on the final selling price. If we determine that an impairment has occurred, we would be required to make a downward adjustment to the net carrying value of the property or related intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which the impairment charge is recorded. Negative developments in the real estate market may cause management to reevaluate the business and macro-economic assumptions used in its impairment analysis. Changes in management s assumptions based on actual results may have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 Downturns relating to certain geographic regions, industries or business sectors may have a more significant adverse impact on our assets and our ability to pay distributions than if we had a more diversified investment portfolio. 
 While we intend to diversify our portfolio of investments by geography, investment size and investment risk, we are not required to observe specific diversification criteria. Therefore, our investments may at times be concentrated in a limited number of geographic locations, or secured by assets concentrated in a limited number of geographic locations. To the extent that our portfolio is concentrated in limited geographic regions, industries or business sectors, downturns relating generally to such region, industry or business sector may result in defaults on a number of our investments within a short time period, which may reduce our net income and the value of our common stock and accordingly limit our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. As a result of our January 2022 acquisition of a KIA auto dealership property in Carson, California and the December 2019 Merger with REIT I, as of December 31, 2022, 13 of our 46 operating properties, including our approximate 72.7 TIC Interest, are located in California, which makes the performance of our properties highly dependent on the health of the California economy. 
 Any adverse economic or real estate developments in our markets could adversely affect our operating results and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to risks related to tenant concentration, and an adverse development with respect to a large tenant could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Trophy of Carson, LLC, which leases a KIA auto dealership property in Carson, California, which we acquired in January 2022, is our largest tenant, representing approximately 12 of our ABR as of December 31, 2022. As a result, our financial performance depends significantly on the revenues generated from this tenant and, in turn, its financial condition. Although we expect to increase tenant diversification over time, our portfolio has two tenants that in the aggregate contribute approximately 23 of our ABR, with Lindsay representing 11 of our ABR as of December 31, 2022. In the future, we may experience additional tenant and industry concentrations. In the event that one of these tenants, or another tenant that occupies a significant portion of our properties or whose lease payments represent a significant portion of our rental revenue, were to experience financial weakness or file for bankruptcy, it could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 The loss of or the inability to retain key executive officers could delay or hinder implementation of our investment strategies, which could limit our ability to make distributions and decrease the value of an investment in our shares. 
 Our success depends to a significant degree upon the contributions of Messrs. Aaron Halfacre, Ray Pacini, Bill Broms and John Raney, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Investment Officer and Chief Legal Officer, respectively, each of whom would be difficult to replace. Neither we nor our affiliates have employment agreements with these individuals. If any of these persons were to cease their association with us, we may be unable to find suitable replacements and our operating results could suffer as a result. We believe that our future success depends, in large part, upon our ability to retain our highly skilled managerial, financial and operational professionals. Competition for such professionals is intense, and we may be unsuccessful in retaining such skilled professionals. If we lose or are unable to obtain the services of highly skilled professionals, our ability to implement our investment strategies could be delayed or hindered. 
 Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited. 
 Maryland law provides that a director has no liability in the capacity as a director if he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in the company s best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. As permitted by Maryland law, our charter limits the liability of our directors and officers and our stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from: 
 actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or 
 a final judgment based on a finding of active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was material to the cause of action adjudicated. 
 In addition, our charter requires us to indemnify our directors and officers for actions taken by them in those capacities and to pay or reimburse their reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, and we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and executive officers. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors and officers than might otherwise exist under common law. Accordingly, in the event that any of our directors or officers are exculpated from, or indemnified against, liability but whose actions impede our performance, our stockholders ability to recover damages from that director or officer will be limited. 
 We may change our targeted investments without stockholder consent. 
 We intend to focus future investments in industrial manufacturing real estate properties and reduce the number of office and retail properties in our portfolio; however, we may make adjustments to our target portfolio based on real estate market conditions and investment opportunities, and we may change our targeted investments and investment guidelines at any time without the consent of our stockholders, which could result in our making investments that are different from, and possibly riskier than, the investments described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. A change in our targeted investments or investment guidelines may increase our exposure to interest rate risk, default risk and real estate market fluctuations, all of which could adversely affect the value of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. We will not forgo an investment opportunity because it does not precisely fit our expected portfolio composition. We believe that we are most likely to meet our investment objectives through the careful selection and underwriting of assets. When making an acquisition, we will analyze the performance and risk characteristics of that investment, how that investment will fit with our portfolio-level performance objectives, the other assets in our portfolio and how the returns and risks of that investment compare to the returns and risks of available investment alternatives. Thus, our portfolio composition may vary from our initial expectations. However, we will attempt to continue to construct a portfolio that produces stable and attractive returns by spreading risk across different real estate investments. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 We have experienced losses in the past and we may experience additional losses in the future . 
 Historically, we have experienced net losses (calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP )) and we may not be profitable or realize growth in the value of our investments. Many of our losses can be attributed to depreciation and amortization, as well as interest expense and general and administrative expenses. Accordingly, we may not generate cash flows sufficient to pay distributions to stockholders or meet our debt service obligations. For a further discussion of our operational history and the factors affecting our losses, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our accompanying consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. 
 Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure 
 Our charter and bylaws contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent an acquisition of our common stock or a change in control. 
 Our charter and bylaws contain a number of provisions, the exercise or existence of which could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our stockholders. 
 Our Charter Contains Restrictions on the Ownership and Transfer of Our Stock. In order for us to qualify as a REIT, no more than 50 of the value of outstanding shares of our stock may be owned, beneficially or constructively, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of each taxable year other than the first year for which we elect to be taxed as a REIT. Subject to certain exceptions, our charter prohibits any stockholder from owning beneficially or constructively more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our common stock, or 9.8 in value of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of all classes or series of our stock. We refer to these restrictions collectively as the ownership limits. The constructive ownership rules under the Internal Revenue Code are complex and may cause the outstanding stock owned by a group of related individuals or entities to be deemed to be constructively owned by one individual or entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.8 of our outstanding Class C Common Stock or the outstanding shares of all classes or series of our stock by an individual or entity could cause that individual or entity or another individual or entity to own constructively in excess of the relevant ownership limits. Our charter also prohibits any person from owning shares of our stock that could result in our being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Internal Revenue Code or otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. Any attempt to own or transfer shares of our Class C Common Stock or of any of our other capital stock in violation of these restrictions may result in the shares being automatically transferred to a charitable trust or may be void. These ownership limits may prevent a third-party from acquiring control of us if our board of directors does not grant an exemption from the ownership limits, even if our stockholders believe the change in control is in their best interests. 
 Our Board of Directors Has the Power to Cause Us to Issue Additional Shares of Our Stock Without Stockholder Approval. Our charter authorizes us to issue additional authorized but unissued shares of common or preferred stock. In addition, our board of directors may, without stockholder approval, amend our charter to increase the aggregate number of our shares of common stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue and classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common or preferred stock and set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. As a result, our board of directors may establish a class or series of shares of common or preferred stock that could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our shares of common stock or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Our stockholders investment return may be reduced if we are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). 
 Neither we nor any of our subsidiaries currently intend to register as investment companies under the Investment Company Act. If we or our subsidiaries were obligated to register as investment companies, we would have to comply with a variety of substantive requirements under the Investment Company Act that impose, among other things: 
 limitations on capital structure; 
 restrictions on specified investments; 
 prohibitions on transactions with affiliates; and 
 compliance with reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy disclosure and other rules and regulations that would significantly increase our operating expenses. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Under the relevant provisions of Section 3(a)(1) of the Investment Company Act, an investment company is any issuer that: 
 is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities (the primarily engaged test or 
 is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of such issuer s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis (the 40 test ). Investment securities excludes U.S. government securities and securities of majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exception from the definition of investment company under Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) (relating to private investment companies). 
 We believe that neither we nor our Operating Partnership will be required to register as an investment company based on the following analysis. With respect to the 40 test, the entities through which we and our Operating Partnership intend to own our assets will be majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exceptions from the definition of investment company under Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7). 
 With respect to the primarily engaged test, we and our Operating Partnership are holding companies and do not intend to invest or trade in securities ourselves. Rather, through the majority-owned subsidiaries of our Operating Partnership, we and our Operating Partnership are primarily engaged in the non-investment company businesses of these subsidiaries, namely the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring real estate and real estate-related assets. 
 We believe that most of the subsidiaries of our Operating Partnership will be able to rely on Section 3(c)(5)(c) of the Investment Company Act for an exception from the definition of an investment company (any other subsidiaries of our Operating Partnership should be able to rely on the exceptions for private investment companies pursuant to Section 3(c)(1) and Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act). As reflected in no-action letters, the SEC staff s position on Section 3(c)(5)(c) generally requires that an issuer maintain at least 55 of its assets in mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate, or qualifying assets; at least 80 of its assets in qualifying assets plus real estate-related assets; and no more than 20 of the value of its assets in other than qualifying assets and real estate-related assets, which we refer to as miscellaneous assets. To constitute a qualifying asset under this 55 requirement, a real estate interest must meet various criteria based on no-action letters. We expect that each of the subsidiaries of our Operating Partnership relying on Section 3(c)(5)(c) will invest at least 55 of its assets in qualifying assets, and approximately an additional 25 of its assets in other types of real estate-related assets. We expect to rely on guidance published by the SEC staff or on our analyses of guidance published with respect to types of assets to determine which assets are qualifying real estate assets and real estate-related assets. 
 To maintain compliance with the Investment Company Act, our subsidiaries may be unable to sell assets we would otherwise want them to sell and may need to sell assets we would otherwise wish them to retain. In addition, our subsidiaries may have to acquire additional assets that they might not otherwise have acquired or may have to forgo opportunities to make investments that we would otherwise want them to make and would be important to our investment strategy. Moreover, the SEC or its staff may issue interpretations with respect to various types of assets that are contrary to our views and current SEC staff interpretations are subject to change, which increases the risk of non-compliance and the risk that we may be forced to make adverse changes to our portfolio. In this regard, we note that in 2011 the SEC issued a concept release indicating that the SEC and its staff were reviewing interpretive issues relating to Section 3(c)(5)(c) and soliciting views on the application of Section 3(c)(5)(c) to companies engaged in the business of acquiring mortgages and mortgage-related instruments. If we were required to register as an investment company but failed to do so, we would be prohibited from engaging in our business and criminal and civil actions could be brought against us. In addition, our contracts would be unenforceable unless a court required enforcement and a court could appoint a receiver to take control of us and liquidate our business. 
 Rapid changes in the values of our assets may make it more difficult for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT or our exception from the definition of an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 If the market value or income potential of our qualifying real estate assets changes as compared to the market value or income potential of our non-qualifying assets, or if the market value or income potential of our assets that are considered real estate-related assets under the Investment Company Act or REIT qualification tests changes as compared to the market value or income potential of our assets that are not considered real estate-related assets under the Investment Company Act or REIT qualification tests, whether as a result of increased interest rates, prepayment rates or other factors, we may need to modify our investment portfolio in order to maintain our REIT qualification or exception from the definition of an investment company. If the decline in asset values or income occurs quickly, this may be especially difficult, if not impossible, to accomplish. This difficulty may be exacerbated by the illiquid nature of many of the assets that we may own. We may have to make investment decisions that we otherwise would not make absent REIT and Investment Company Act considerations. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to obtain funding for future capital needs, cash distributions to our stockholders and the value of our investments could decline. 
 When tenants do not renew their leases or otherwise vacate their space, we will often need to expend substantial funds for improvements to the vacated space in order to attract replacement tenants. Even when tenants do renew their leases, we may agree to make improvements to their space as part of our negotiations. If we need additional capital in the future to improve or maintain our properties or for any other reason, we may have to obtain funding from sources other than our cash flow from operations or proceeds from our DRP, such as borrowings or future equity offerings. These sources of funding may not be available on attractive terms, or at all. If we cannot procure additional funding for capital improvements, our investments may generate lower cash flows or decline in value, or both, which would limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and could reduce the value of our stockholders investment in us. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law may limit the ability of a third-party to acquire control of us. 
 Certain provisions of the MGCL may have the effect of inhibiting a third-party from acquiring us or of impeding a change of control under circumstances that otherwise could provide our common stockholders with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of such shares, including: 
 business combination provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of our outstanding shares of voting stock or an affiliate or associate of ours who, at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then-outstanding stock of the corporation) or an affiliate of any interested stockholder for a period of five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter imposes two super-majority stockholder voting requirements on these combinations; and 
 control share provisions that provide that holders of control shares of the company (defined as voting shares of stock that, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned or controlled by the acquirer, would entitle the acquirer to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares have no voting rights except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 
 Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act any and all acquisitions by any person of shares of our stock. This bylaw provision may be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 Additionally, Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL permits our board of directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our charter or bylaws, to implement certain takeover defenses, such as a classified board, some of which we do not have. 
 Our bylaws designate the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders and provide that claims relating to causes of action under the Securities Act may only be brought in federal district courts, which could limit stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees and could discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. 
 Our bylaws generally provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland (or in certain circumstances, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Northern Division) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders with respect to our Company, our directors, our officers or our employees. This choice of forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Furthermore, our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any claim arising under the Securities Act. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the stockholder believes is favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage meritorious claims from being asserted against us and our directors, officers and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our bylaws inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. For example, under the Securities Act, federal courts have concurrent jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. In addition, the exclusive forum provisions described above do not apply to any actions brought under the Exchange Act. 
 The change of control conversion and redemption features of the Series A Preferred Stock may make it more difficult for a party to acquire us or discourage a party from seeking to acquire us. 
 Upon the occurrence of a change of control, holders of Series A Preferred Stock will, under certain circumstances, have the right to convert some of or all their shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of our Class C Common Stock (or equivalent value of alternative consideration) and under these circumstances we will also have a change of control redemption right to redeem shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Upon exercise of this conversion right, the holders will be limited to a maximum number of shares of our Class C Common Stock pursuant to a predetermined ratio. These features of the Series A Preferred Stock may have the effect of discouraging a third party from seeking to acquire us or of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our Class C Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-current market price or that stockholders may otherwise believe is in their best interests. 
 We are subject to risks relating to litigation and regulatory liability. 
 We face legal risks in our businesses, including risks related to the securities laws and regulations across various state and federal jurisdictions. 
 We may in the future become subject to claims and litigation alleging violations of the securities laws or other related claims, which could harm our business and require us to incur significant costs. Significant litigation costs could impact our ability to comply with certain financial covenants under our Credit Agreement. We are generally obliged, to the extent permitted by law, to indemnify our current and former directors and officers who are named as defendants in these types of lawsuits. Regardless of the outcome, litigation may require significant attention from management and could result in significant legal expenses, settlement costs or damage awards that could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 General Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate 
 Pandemics or other health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the emergence of any future variants, may adversely affect our business and/or operations, our tenants financial condition and the profitability of our retail and office properties. 
 Our business and/or operations and the businesses of our tenants could be materially and adversely affected by the risks, or the public perception of the risks, related to a pandemic or other health crisis, such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the emergence of any future variants. The profitability of our retail properties depends, in part, on the willingness of customers to visit our tenants businesses. The risk, or public perception of the risk, of a pandemic or media coverage of infectious diseases could cause employees or customers to avoid our properties, which could adversely affect foot traffic to our tenants businesses and our tenants ability to adequately staff their businesses. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Similarly, the potential effects of quarantined employees of office tenants may adversely impact their businesses and affect their ability to pay rent on a timely basis. Temporary closures of businesses and the resulting remote working arrangements for personnel in response to the COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic or outbreak of a highly infectious or contagious disease or fear of such pandemics or outbreaks may result in long-term changed work practices that could negatively impact us and our business. For example, the increased adoption of and familiarity with remote work practices could result in decreased demand for office space. If this trend was to continue or accelerate, our office tenants may elect to not renew their leases, or to renew them for less space than they currently occupy, which could increase vacancy rates at our office properties and decrease rental income. The increase in remote work practices may continue in a post-pandemic environment, even in the suburban markets and markets with lower demand in which we primarily operate. The need to reconfigure leased office space, either in response to the pandemic or to tenants' needs, may impact space requirements and also may require us to spend increased amounts for tenant improvements. If substantial office space reconfiguration is required, a tenant may explore other office space and find it more advantageous to relocate than to renew its lease and renovate the existing space. If so, our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects may be materially adversely impacted. 
 Furthermore, the prevalence of employees working from home has reduced demand for office space and increased office vacancy rates. 
 Economic, market and regulatory changes that impact the real estate market generally may decrease the value of our investments and weaken our operating results. 
 Our operating results and the performance of the properties we acquire are subject to the risks typically associated with real estate, any of which could decrease the value of our investments and could weaken our operating results, including: 
 1. downturns in national, regional and local economic conditions; 
 2. competition from other commercial developments; 
 3. adverse local conditions, such as oversupply or reduction in demand for commercial buildings and changes in real estate zoning laws that may reduce the desirability of real estate in an area; 
 4. vacancies, changes in market rental rates and the need to periodically repair, renovate and re-let space; 
 5. changes in interest rates and the availability of permanent mortgage financing, which may render the sale of a property or loan difficult or unattractive; 
 6. changes in tax (including real and personal property tax), real estate, environmental and zoning laws; 
 7. material failures, inadequacy, interruptions or security failures of the technology on which our operations rely; 
 9. natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes and floods; 
 10. acts of war or terrorism, including the consequences of terrorist attacks or the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and the economic sanctions and other restrictive actions taken against Russia by the U.S. and other countries in response thereto; 
 11. a pandemic or other public health crisis (such as the COVID-19 virus outbreak); 
 12. the potential for uninsured or underinsured property losses; and 
 13. periods of high inflation, high interest rates and tight money supply. 
 Any of the above factors, or a combination thereof, could result in a decrease in our cash flow from operations and a decrease in the value of our investments, which would have an adverse effect on our operations, on our ability to pay distributions to stockholders and on the value of stockholders investment. 
 We may finance properties which have debt with prepayment penalties, which may prohibit us from selling a property, or may require us to maintain specified debt levels for a period of years on some properties. 
 Prepayment provisions are provisions that generally prohibit repayment of a loan balance for a certain number of years following the origination date of a loan unless a prepayment penalty is paid at the time of repayment. Such provisions are typically provided by the terms of the agreement underlying a loan. Prepayment provisions could materially restrict us from selling or otherwise disposing of or refinancing properties. These provisions would affect our ability to turn our investments into cash and thus affect cash available for distributions to stockholders. 
 Prepayment provisions may prohibit us from reducing the outstanding indebtedness with respect to any properties, refinancing such indebtedness on a non-recourse basis at maturity, or increasing the amount of indebtedness with respect to such properties. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Prepayment provisions could impair our ability to take actions during the prepayment period that would otherwise be in our stockholders' best interests and, therefore, may have an adverse impact on the value of the shares, relative to the value that would result if the prepayment provisions did not exist. In particular, prepayment provisions could preclude us from participating in major transactions that could result in a disposition of our assets or a change in control even though that disposition or change in control might be in our stockholders' best interests. 
 We intend to purchase properties with (or enter into, as necessary) long-term leases with tenants, which may not result in fair market rental rates over time. 
 We intend to purchase properties with (or enter into as necessary) long-term leases with tenants. These leases would provide for rent to increase over time; however, if we do not accurately judge the potential for increases in market rental rates, we may set the terms of these long-term leases at levels such that, even after contractual rent increases, the rent under our long-term leases is less than then-current market rates. 
 Further, we may have no ability to terminate those leases or to adjust the rent to then-prevailing market rates. As a result, our cash available for distribution could be lower than if we did not purchase properties with, or enter into, long-term leases. 
 We depend on tenants for our revenue generated by our real estate investments and, accordingly, our revenue generated by our real estate investments and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders are dependent upon the success and economic viability of our tenants and our ability to retain and attract tenants. Non-renewals, terminations or lease defaults could reduce our net income and limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 The success of our real estate investments materially depends upon the financial stability of the tenants leasing the properties we own. The inability of a single major tenant or a significant number of smaller tenants to meet their rental obligations would significantly lower our net income. A non-renewal after the expiration of a lease term, termination or default by a tenant on its lease payments to us would cause us to lose the revenue associated with such lease and require us to find an alternative source of revenue to meet mortgage payments and prevent a foreclosure if the property is subject to a mortgage. In the event of a tenant default or bankruptcy, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord of a property and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment and re-leasing the property. Tenants may have the right to terminate their leases upon the occurrence of certain customary events of default and, in other circumstances, may not renew their leases or, because of market conditions, may only be able to renew their leases on terms that are less favorable to us than the terms of their initial leases. Further, some of our assets may be outfitted to suit the particular needs of the tenants. We may have difficulty replacing the tenants of these properties if the outfitted space limits the types of businesses that could lease that space without major renovation. If a tenant does not renew, terminates or defaults on a lease, we may be unable to lease the property for the rent previously received or sell the property without incurring a loss. These events could cause us to reduce distributions to stockholders. 
 Excluding the property leased to Gap for which the lease expired on February 28, 2023 and is in escrow and scheduled to be sold by the end of March 2023, we have two leases (one industrial and one office) scheduled to expire in the next 12 months, which comprise an aggregate of 163,230 leasable square feet and represent approximately 5.1 of projected ABR from properties owned as of December 31, 2022. Our inability to renew or re-lease our space could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 Actions of our potential future tenants-in-common could reduce the returns on tenants-in-common investments and decrease our stockholders overall return. 
 We may enter into tenants-in-common or other joint ownership structures with third parties to acquire properties and other assets. For example, we own an approximate 72.7 TIC Interest in an individual property leased to Fujifilm Dimatix. Such investments may involve risks not otherwise present with other methods of investment, including, for example, the following risks: 
 our co-owner in an investment could become insolvent or bankrupt; 
 our co-owner may at any time have economic or business interests or goals that are or that become inconsistent with our business interests or goals; 
 our co-owner may be in a position to block or take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives; or 
 disputes between us and our co-owner may result in litigation, arbitration, buyout or partition that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and directors from focusing their time and effort on our operations. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 While we intend that any co-ownership investment that we enter into will be subject to a co-ownership contractual arrangement that will address some or all of the above issues, any of the above might still subject a property to liabilities in excess of those contemplated and thus reduce our returns on that investment and the value of stockholders' investment in us. 
 Costs imposed pursuant to laws and governmental regulations may reduce our net income and our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Real property and the operations conducted on real property are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment and human health. We could be subject to liability in the form of fines, penalties or damages for noncompliance with these laws and regulations. These laws and regulations generally govern wastewater discharges, air emissions, the operation and removal of underground and above-ground storage tanks, the use, storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of solid and hazardous materials, the remediation of contamination associated with the release or disposal of solid and hazardous materials, the presence of toxic building materials and other health and safety-related concerns. 
 Some of these laws and regulations may impose joint and several liability on the tenants, owners or operators of real property for the costs to investigate or remediate contaminated properties, regardless of fault, whether the contamination occurred prior to purchase, or whether the acts causing the contamination were legal. Activities of our tenants, the condition of properties at the time we buy them, operations in the vicinity of our properties, such as the presence of underground storage tanks, or activities of unrelated third parties may affect our properties. 
 The presence of hazardous substances, or the failure to properly manage or remediate these substances, may hinder our ability to sell, rent or pledge such property as collateral for future borrowings. Any material expenditures, fines, penalties or damages we must pay will reduce our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders and could seriously harm our operating results and financial condition. 
 The costs of defending against claims of environmental liability, of complying with environmental regulatory requirements, of remediating any contaminated property or of paying personal injury or other damage claims could reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous real property owner or operator may be liable for the cost of removing or remediating hazardous or toxic substances on, under or in such property. These costs could be substantial. Such laws often impose liability whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. Environmental laws also may impose liens on property or restrictions on the manner in which property may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures or prevent us from entering into leases with prospective tenants that may be impacted by such laws. Environmental laws provide for sanctions for noncompliance and may be enforced by governmental agencies or, in certain circumstances, by private parties. Certain environmental laws and common law principles could be used to impose liability for the release of and exposure to hazardous substances, including asbestos-containing materials and lead-based paint. Third parties may seek recovery from real property owners or operators for personal injury or property damage associated with exposure to released hazardous substances and governments may seek recovery for natural resource damage. The costs of defending against claims of environmental liability, of complying with environmental regulatory requirements, of remediating any contaminated property, or of paying personal injury, property damage or natural resource damage claims could reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 We intend that most if not all of our real estate acquisitions be subject to Phase I environmental assessments prior to the time they are acquired; however, such assessments may not provide complete environmental histories due, for example, to limited available information about prior operations at the properties or other gaps in information at the time we acquire the property. A Phase I environmental assessment is an initial environmental investigation to identify potential environmental liabilities associated with the current and past uses of a given property. If any of our properties were found to contain hazardous or toxic substances after our acquisition, the value of our investment could decrease below the amount paid for such investment. 
 Uninsured losses relating to real property could reduce our cash flow from operations and reduce the value of stockholders investment in us. 
 Our properties are generally subject to leases that require tenants thereunder to be financially responsible for property liability and casualty insurance, and we expect that most of the properties we acquire will be structured in this manner. However, there are types of losses, generally catastrophic in nature, such as losses due to pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution or environmental matters that are uninsurable and/or for which the tenants are not contractually obligated to provide insurance. In such instances, we may be required to provide other financial support, either through financial assurances or self-insurance, to cover potential losses. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 We may not have adequate coverage for such losses. If any of our properties incur a casualty loss that is not fully insured, the value of our assets will be reduced by any such uninsured loss, which will reduce the value of stockholders' investment in us. In addition, other than any working capital reserve and other reserves we may establish, we have limited sources of funding to repair or reconstruct any uninsured property. 
 Inflation and rising interest rates may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 During 2022, inflation in the United States accelerated and, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is currently expected to continue at an elevated level in the near-term. Rising inflation may have an adverse impact on our Credit Facility and general and administrative expenses, as these costs could increase at a rate higher than our rental and other revenue. The U.S. Federal Reserve has significantly raised interest rates to combat inflation and restore price stability and, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, it is expected that rates will continue to rise in 2023. As a result, to the extent our exposure to increases in interest rates is not eliminated through interest rate swaps or other protection agreements, such increases may result in higher debt service costs, which will adversely affect our cash flows. Inflation may also have an adverse effect on consumer spending, which could impact our tenants revenues and, in turn, their demand for space and future extensions of their leases. 
 New accounting pronouncements could adversely affect our operating results or the reported financial performance of our tenants. 
 Accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. Uncertainties posed by various initiatives of accounting standard-setting by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB and the SEC, which create and interpret applicable accounting standards for U.S. companies, may change the financial accounting and reporting standards or their interpretation and application of these standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. Similarly, these changes could have a material impact on our tenants reported financial condition or results of operations, credit ratings and preferences regarding leasing real estate. 
 Risks Related to Investments in Single-Tenant Real Estate 
 Our current properties will depend upon a single-tenant for their rental income, and our financial condition and ability to make distributions may be adversely affected by the bankruptcy or insolvency of a tenant, a downturn in the business of a tenant or a tenant s lease termination. 
 While we are focused on future acquisitions of industrial manufacturing properties, we expect that most of our properties will be occupied by only one tenant or will derive a majority of their rental income from one tenant and, therefore, the success of those properties will be materially dependent on the financial stability of such tenants. Lease payment defaults by tenants could cause us to reduce the amount of distributions we pay. A default of a tenant on its lease payments to us and the potential resulting vacancy would cause us to lose the revenue from the property and force us to find an alternative source of revenue to meet any mortgage payment and prevent a foreclosure if the property is subject to a mortgage. In the event of a default, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment and re-letting the property. If a lease is terminated or an existing tenant elects not to renew a lease upon its expiration, there is no assurance that we will be able to lease the property for the rent previously received or sell the property without incurring a loss. A default by a tenant, the failure of a guarantor to fulfill its obligations or other premature termination of a lease, or a tenant s election not to extend a lease upon its expiration, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and our ability to pay distributions. 
 If a tenant declares bankruptcy, we may be unable to collect balances due under relevant leases, which could harm our operating results and financial condition. 
 Any of our tenants, or any guarantor of a tenant s lease obligations, could be subject to a bankruptcy proceeding pursuant to Title 11 of the bankruptcy laws of the United States. Such a bankruptcy filing would bar all efforts by us to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from these entities or their properties, including any work performed by contactors that could result in mechanics liens on our property, unless we receive an enabling order from the bankruptcy court. Post-bankruptcy debts would be paid currently. If a lease is assumed, all pre-bankruptcy balances owing under it must be paid in full. If a lease is rejected by a tenant in bankruptcy, we would have a general unsecured claim for damages. If a lease is rejected, it is unlikely we would receive any payments from the tenant because our claim is capped at the rent reserved under the lease, without acceleration, for the greater of one year or 15 of the remaining term of the lease, but not greater than three years, plus rent already due but unpaid. This claim could be paid only in the event funds were available, and then only in the same percentage as that realized on other unsecured claims. If mechanics liens are filed on our property, we could be required to pay the amounts owed to contractors if they are not paid by the tenant in order to avoid a foreclosure. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 A tenant or lease guarantor bankruptcy could delay efforts to collect past due balances under the relevant leases, and could ultimately preclude full collection of these sums. Such an event could cause a decrease or cessation of rental payments that would mean a reduction in our cash flow and the amount available for distributions to stockholders. In the event of a bankruptcy, we cannot assure stockholders that the tenant or its trustee will assume our lease. If a given lease, or guaranty of a lease, is not assumed, our cash flow and the amounts available for distributions to stockholders may be adversely affected. Further, our lenders may have a first priority claim to any recovery under the leases, any guarantees and any credit support, such as security deposits and letters of credit. 
 Net leases may not result in fair market lease rates over time. 
 We expect most of our rental income to come from net leases. Net leases typically contain: (i) longer lease terms; (ii) fixed rental rate increases during the primary term of the lease; and (iii) fixed rental rates for initial renewal options, and, thus, there is an increased risk that these contractual lease terms will fail to result in fair market rental rates if fair market rental rates increase at a greater rate than the fixed rental rate increases. 
 Our real estate investments may include special use single-tenant properties that may be difficult to sell or re-lease upon tenant defaults or early lease terminations. 
 We focus our investments on commercial properties, a number of which will be special use, single-tenant properties. With these properties, if the current lease is terminated or not renewed, we may be required to renovate the property or to make rent concessions in order to lease the property to another tenant or sell the property. In addition, in the event we are forced to sell the property, we may have difficulty selling it to a party other than the tenant or borrower due to the special purpose for which the property may have been designed. These and other limitations may affect our ability to sell or re-lease properties and adversely affect returns to stockholders. 
 If a sale-leaseback transaction is recharacterized in a tenant s bankruptcy proceeding, our financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 We often enter into sale-leaseback transactions, whereby we purchase a property and then lease the same property back to the person from whom we purchased it. In the event of the bankruptcy of a tenant, a transaction structured as a sale-leaseback may be recharacterized as either a financing or a joint venture, either of which outcomes could adversely affect our business. If the sale-leaseback were recharacterized as a financing, we might not be considered the owner of the property, and as a result would have the status of a creditor in relation to the tenant. In that event, we would no longer have the right to sell or encumber our ownership interest in the property. Instead, we would have a claim against the tenant for the amounts owed under the lease, with the claim arguably secured by the property. The tenant/debtor might have the ability to propose a plan to restructure the term, interest rate and amortization schedule of its outstanding balance. If confirmed by the bankruptcy court, we could be bound by the new terms, and prevented from foreclosing our lien on the property. If the sale-leaseback were recharacterized as a joint venture, our lessee and we could be treated as co-venturers with regard to the property. As a result, we could be held liable, under some circumstances, for debts incurred by the lessee relating to the property. Either of these outcomes could adversely affect our cash flow and the amount available for distributions to stockholders. 
 Risks Associated with Debt Financing 
 We have a substantial amount of indebtedness outstanding, which may expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations. 
 We are targeting leverage, over the long-term once we achieve scale, of 40 or lower of the aggregate fair value of our real estate properties plus our cash and cash equivalents; however, we will consider incurring higher leverage in the near-term if we identify attractive acquisition opportunities in advance of completing dispositions or raising additional equity. Our board of directors has approved our maximum leverage ratio of 55 of the aggregate fair value of our real estate properties plus our cash and cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2022, our leverage ratio was 38 . 
 We may exceed the 55 limit only if any excess borrowing is approved by a majority of our independent directors and is disclosed to our stockholders in our next quarterly report, along with justification for such excess. There is no limitation on the amount we may borrow for the purchase of any single asset, and our charter and bylaws do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness, funded or otherwise, that we may incur. Our board of directors may alter or eliminate our current policy on borrowing at any time without stockholder approval. Further, our Credit Facility allows for borrowings up to 60 of our borrowing base; however, we are targeting leverage of 40 over the long-term and do not plan to allow our leverage ratio to exceed 55 in order to minimize the interest rate payable on the Revolver and Term Loan. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, we may provide full or partial guarantees of mortgage debt incurred by our subsidiaries that own the mortgaged properties. Under these circumstances, we will be responsible to the lender for satisfaction of the debt if it is not paid by our subsidiary. If any mortgages contain cross-collateralization or cross-default provisions, a default on a single property could affect multiple properties. 
 We may utilize repurchase agreements as a component of our financing strategy. Repurchase agreements economically resemble short-term, variable-rate financing and usually require the maintenance of specific loan-to-collateral value ratios. If the market value of the assets subject to a repurchase agreement declines, we may be required to provide additional collateral or make cash payments to maintain the required loan-to-collateral value ratios. If we are unable to provide such collateral or cash repayments, we may lose our economic interest in the underlying assets. 
 Our use of indebtedness could have important consequences to us. For example, it could: (1) result in the acceleration of a significant amount of debt for non-compliance with the terms of such debt or, if such debt contains cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions, other debt; (2) result in the loss of assets, including individual properties or portfolios, due to foreclosure or sale on unfavorable terms, which could create taxable income without accompanying cash proceeds; (3) materially impair our ability to borrow unused amounts under existing financing arrangements or to obtain additional financing or refinancing on favorable terms or at all; (4) require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to paying principal and interest on our indebtedness, reducing the cash flow available to fund our business, to make distributions, including those necessary to maintain our REIT qualification, or to use for other purposes; (5) increase our vulnerability to an economic downturn; (6) limit our ability to withstand competitive pressures; or (7) reduce our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions. 
 Secured indebtedness exposes us to the possibility of foreclosure on our ownership interests in pledged properties. 
 Incurring mortgage and other secured indebtedness increases our risk of loss of our ownership interests in the pledged property because defaults thereunder, and the inability to refinance such indebtedness, may result in foreclosure action initiated by lenders. Following the closing of our Credit Facility on January 18, 2022, four of our 46 properties were encumbered with mortgages. Incurring mortgage debt increases the risk of loss of a property since defaults on indebtedness secured by a property may result in lenders initiating foreclosure actions. In that case, we could lose the property securing the loan that is in default, thus reducing the value of our stockholders investment. For tax purposes, a foreclosure on any of our properties will be treated as a sale of the property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage. If the outstanding balance of the loan secured by the mortgage exceeds our tax basis in the property, we will recognize taxable income on foreclosure, but we would not receive any cash proceeds. We have and may in the future give full or partial guarantees to lenders of mortgage loans to the entities that own our properties. When we give a guaranty on behalf of an entity that owns one of our properties, we will be responsible to the lender for satisfaction of the loan if it is not paid by such entity. If any mortgage contains cross-collateralization or cross-default provisions, a default on a single property could affect multiple properties. If any of our properties are foreclosed upon due to a default, our ability to pay cash distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected. 
 Covenants in the Credit Facility and our mortgages may restrict our operating activities and adversely affect our financial condition. 
 The Credit Facility and our mortgage loans contain, and future debt agreements may contain, financial and/or operating covenants, including, among other things, certain coverage ratios, borrowing base requirements, net worth requirements and limitations on our ability to make distributions. These covenants may limit our operational flexibility and acquisition and disposition activities. Moreover, if any of the covenants in these debt agreements are breached and not cured within the applicable cure period, we could be required to repay the debt immediately, even in the absence of a payment default. 
 Increases in mortgage rates or changes in underwriting standards may make it difficult for us to finance or refinance properties, which could reduce the number of properties we can acquire, our cash flow from operations and the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 If mortgage debt is unavailable at reasonable rates, we may not be able to finance the purchase of properties. If we place mortgage debt on a property, we run the risk of being unable to refinance part or all of the debt when it becomes due or of being unable to refinance on favorable terms. If interest rates are higher when we refinance properties subject to mortgage debt, our income could be reduced. We may be unable to refinance or may only be able to partly refinance properties if underwriting standards, including loan to value ratios and yield requirements, among other requirements, are stricter than when we originally financed the properties. If any of these events occurs, our cash flow could be reduced and/or we might have to pay down existing mortgages. This, in turn, would reduce cash available for distribution to our stockholders, could cause us to require additional capital and may hinder our ability to raise capital by issuing more stock or by borrowing more money. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 We may not be able to access financing sources on attractive terms, which could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan. 
 We may finance our assets over the long-term through a variety of means, including repurchase agreements, credit facilities, issuances of commercial mortgage-backed securities and other structured financings. Our ability to execute this strategy will depend on various conditions in the markets for financing in this manner that are beyond our control, including lack of liquidity and greater credit spreads. We cannot be certain that these markets will remain an efficient source of long-term financing for our assets. If our strategy is not viable, we will have to find alternative forms of long-term financing for our assets, as secured revolving credit facilities and repurchase agreements may not accommodate long-term financing. This could subject us to more recourse indebtedness and the risk that debt service on less efficient forms of financing would require a larger portion of our cash flow, thereby reducing cash available for distribution to our stockholders and funds available for operations as well as for future business opportunities. 
 To hedge against interest rate fluctuations, we may use derivative financial instruments that may be costly and ineffective. 
 From time to time, we may use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on loans secured by our assets. Derivative instruments may include interest rate swap contracts, interest rate cap or floor contracts, futures or forward contracts, options or repurchase agreements. Our actual hedging decisions will be determined in light of the facts and circumstances existing at the time of the hedge and may differ from our currently anticipated hedging strategy. There is no assurance that our hedging strategy will achieve our objectives. We may be subject to costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs, if we terminate these arrangements. 
 To the extent that we use derivative financial instruments to hedge against interest rate fluctuations, we will be exposed to credit risk, basis risk and legal enforceability risks. In this context, credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. If the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes us, which creates credit risk for us. Basis risk occurs when the index upon which the contract is based is more or less variable than the index upon which the hedged asset or liability is based, thereby making the hedge less effective. Legal enforceability risks encompass general contractual risks including the risk that the counterparty will breach the terms of, or fail to perform its obligations under, the derivative contract. There is a risk that counterparties could fail, shut down, file for bankruptcy or be unable to pay out contracts. The failure of a counterparty that holds collateral that we post in connection with an interest rate swap agreement could result in the loss of that collateral. 
 Variable rate indebtedness would subject us to interest rate risk, and could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 As of February 28, 2023, amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility, as adjusted by swap agreements, bear interest at fixed rates. However, in the future, we may incur additional indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates. Variable rate borrowings expose us to increased interest expense in a rising interest rate environment. If interest rates were to increase, our debt service obligations on variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, which could adversely affect our cash flows and cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Changes in the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR could adversely affect the amount of interest that accrues on SOFR-linked instruments. 
 Our Credit Facility includes floating rates based, in part, on SOFR. Because SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York FRBNY based on data received from other sources, we have no control over its determination, calculation or publication. There can be no assurance that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of debtors in SOFR-linked instruments. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a change in the amount of interest that accrues on any SOFR-linked instruments. In addition, the interest rate on SOFR-linked instruments may for any day not be adjusted for any modification or amendments to SOFR for that day that the FRBNY may publish if the interest rate for that day has already been determined prior to such determination. There is no assurance that changes in SOFR could not have a material adverse effect on the yield on, value of, and market for SOFR-linked instruments. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Further, SOFR is a relatively new interest rate, and the FRBNY or any successor, as administrator of SOFR, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SOFR, including changes related to the methodology by which SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR or timing related to the publication of SOFR. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, the change may result in an increase in the amount of interest payable on loans we owe from the lenders. The administrator of SOFR may withdraw, modify, suspend or discontinue the calculation or dissemination of SOFR in its sole discretion and without notice, and has no obligation to consider the interests of lenders in calculating, withdrawing, modifying, amending, suspending or discontinuing SOFR. 
 Federal Income Tax Risks 
 Failure to qualify as a REIT would subject us to U.S. federal income tax, which would reduce the cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 We expect to operate in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, the federal income tax laws governing REITs are extremely complex, and interpretations of the federal income tax laws governing qualification as a REIT are limited. Qualifying as a REIT requires us to meet various tests regarding the nature of our assets and our income, the ownership of our outstanding stock, and the amount of our distributions on an ongoing basis. While we intend to continue to operate so that we will qualify as a REIT, given the highly complex nature of the rules governing REITs, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, including the tax treatment of certain investments we may make, and the possibility of future changes in our circumstances, no assurance can be given that we will so qualify for any particular year. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any calendar year and we do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, we would be required to pay U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income. We might need to borrow money or sell assets to pay that tax. Our payment of income tax would decrease the amount of our income available for distribution to our stockholders. Furthermore, if we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we no longer would be required to distribute substantially all of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders. Unless we were to qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, we would be disqualified from re-electing to be taxed as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost. 
 In addition, as a result of the Merger, if REIT I is determined to have lost its REIT status or not qualified as a REIT prior to the Merger, we will face serious tax consequences that would substantially reduce cash available for distribution, including cash available to pay dividends to our stockholders, because: 
 1. REIT I would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on its net income at regular corporate rates for the years it did not qualify for taxation as a REIT (and, for such years, would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to stockholders in computing its taxable income); 
 2. REIT I could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax (for tax years beginning before December 31, 2017) and possibly increased state and local taxes for such periods; 
 3. we would inherit any such liability, including any interest and penalties that have accrued on such federal income tax liabilities; 
 4. if we were considered a successor corporation under the Internal Revenue Code and applicable Treasury Regulations, we could not elect to be taxed as a REIT until the fifth taxable year following the year during which REIT I was disqualified; and 
 5. for up to 5 years following re-election of REIT status, upon a taxable disposition of an asset owned as of such re-election, we could be subject to corporate level tax with respect to any built-in gain inherent in such asset at the time of re-election. 
 Moreover, if REIT I failed to qualify as a REIT prior to the Merger, but we nevertheless qualified as a REIT, in the event of a taxable disposition of a former REIT I asset during the five years following the Merger, we would be subject to corporate tax with respect to any built-in gain inherent in such asset as of the Merger. The failure of REIT I to qualify as a REIT prior to the Merger could impair our ability to remain qualified as a REIT, could impair our business and ability to raise capital, and would materially adversely affect the value of our stock. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Certain of our business activities are potentially subject to the prohibited transaction tax, which could decrease the value of our stockholders investment in us. 
 The U.S. federal income tax provisions applicable to REITs provide that any gain realized by a REIT on the sale of property held as inventory or other property held primarily for sale to tenants in the ordinary course of business is treated as income from a prohibited transaction that is subject to a 100 excise tax. Our ability to dispose of a property during the first few years following its acquisition is restricted to a substantial extent as a result of these rules. Whether property is inventory or otherwise held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business depends on the particular facts and circumstances surrounding each property. Properties we own, directly or through any subsidiary entity, including our Operating Partnership, but generally excluding our taxable REIT subsidiaries, may, depending on how we conduct our operations, be treated as inventory or property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business. Any taxes we pay would reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Our concern over paying the prohibited transactions tax may cause us to forgo disposition opportunities that would otherwise be advantageous if we were not a REIT. 
 Even if we qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may nonetheless be subject to tax in certain circumstances that reduce our cash flow and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 
 Even if we qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may be subject to some federal, state and local taxes on our income or property. For example: 
 1. In order to qualify as a REIT, we must distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income to stockholders (which is determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or net capital gain). To the extent that we satisfy the distribution requirement but distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on the undistributed income. 
 2. We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions we pay in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 of our capital gain net income and 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. 
 3. If we elect to treat property that we acquire in connection with certain leasehold terminations as foreclosure property, we may avoid the 100 tax on the gain from a resale of that property, but the income from the sale or operation of that property may be subject to corporate income tax at the highest applicable rate. 
 4. As discussed above, if we sell an asset, other than foreclosure property, that we hold primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, our gain would be subject to the 100 prohibited transaction tax unless such sale were made by one of our taxable REIT subsidiaries or the sale met certain safe harbor requirements under the Internal Revenue Code. 
 REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan. 
 We generally must distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, subject to certain adjustments and excluding any net capital gain, in order for U.S. federal corporate income tax not to apply to earnings that we distribute. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement but distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our undistributed REIT taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under federal tax laws. We intend to make distributions to our stockholders to comply with the REIT requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 From time to time, we may generate taxable income greater than our income for financial reporting purposes, or our taxable income may be greater than our cash flow available for distribution to stockholders. If we do not have other funds available in these situations we could be required to borrow funds, sell investments at disadvantageous prices or find another alternative source of funds to make distributions sufficient to enable us to pay out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the REIT distribution requirements and to avoid corporate income tax and the 4 excise tax in a particular year. These alternatives could increase our costs or reduce our equity. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Re-characterization of sale-leaseback transactions may cause us to lose our REIT status. 
 We may purchase properties and lease them back to the sellers of such properties. We would characterize such a sale-leaseback transaction as a true lease, which treats the lessor as the owner of the property for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In the event that any sale-leaseback transaction is challenged by the IRS and re-characterized as a financing transaction or loan for U.S. federal income tax purposes, deductions for depreciation and cost recovery relating to such property would be disallowed. If a sale-leaseback transaction were so re-characterized, we might fail to satisfy the REIT qualification asset tests or the income tests and, consequently, lose our REIT status effective with the year of re-characterization. Alternatively, such a re-characterization could cause the amount of our REIT taxable income to be recalculated, which might also cause us to fail to meet the distribution requirement for a taxable year and thus lose our REIT status. 
 To maintain our REIT status, we may be forced to forgo otherwise attractive business or investment opportunities, which may delay or hinder our ability to meet our investment objectives and reduce our stockholders investment in us. 
 To continue to qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy certain tests on an ongoing basis concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, nature of our assets and the amounts we distribute to our stockholders. We may be required to make distributions to stockholders at times when it would be more advantageous to reinvest cash in our business or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution. Compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits and reduce the value of our stockholders investment. 
 Dividends on, and gains recognized on the sale of, our shares by a tax-exempt stockholder may be subject to U.S. federal income tax as unrelated business taxable income. 
 If (1) we are a pension-held REIT, (2) a tax-exempt stockholder has incurred (or is deemed to have incurred) debt to purchase or hold our shares, (3) a holder of shares is a certain type of tax-exempt stockholder, or (4) we directly or indirectly acquire a residual interest in certain mortgage loan securitization structures (i.e., a taxable mortgage pool or a residual interest in a real estate mortgage investment conduit REMIC )), dividends on, and gains recognized on the sale of, shares by such tax-exempt stockholder may be subject to U.S. federal income tax as unrelated business taxable income under the Internal Revenue Code. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may force us to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. 
 To continue to qualify as a REIT, we must ensure that at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified REIT real estate assets, including investments in certain mortgage loans and residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities. The remainder of our investment in securities (other than government securities and qualified real estate assets) generally cannot include more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10 of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than 5 of the value of our assets (other than government securities and qualified real estate assets) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 20 of the value of our total assets can be represented by securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate from our portfolio otherwise attractive investments. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Liquidation of assets may jeopardize our REIT qualification. 
 To continue to qualify as a REIT, we must comply with requirements regarding our assets and our sources of income. If we are compelled to liquidate our investments to repay obligations to our lenders, we may be unable to comply with these requirements, ultimately jeopardizing our qualification as a REIT, or we may be subject to a 100 tax on any resultant gain if we sell assets that are treated as dealer property or inventory. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Characterization of any repurchase agreements we enter into to finance our investments as sales for tax purposes rather than as secured lending transactions would adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
 We may enter into repurchase agreements with a variety of counterparties to achieve our desired amount of leverage for the assets in which we invest. When we enter into a repurchase agreement, we generally sell assets to our counterparty to the agreement and receive cash from the counterparty. The counterparty is obligated to resell the assets back to us at the end of the term of the transaction. We believe that for U.S. federal income tax purposes we will be treated as the owner of the assets that are the subject of repurchase agreements and that the repurchase agreements will be treated as secured lending transactions notwithstanding that such agreement may transfer record ownership of the assets to the counterparty during the term of the agreement. It is possible, however, that the IRS could successfully assert that we did not own these assets during the term of the repurchase agreements, in which case we could fail to qualify as a REIT if tax ownership of these assets was necessary for us to meet the income and/or asset tests. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively. 
 The REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code may limit our ability to hedge our assets and operations. Under these provisions, any income that we generate from transactions intended to hedge our interest rate, inflation and/or currency risks will be excluded from gross income for purposes of the REIT 75 and 95 gross income tests if the instrument hedges (i) interest rate risk on liabilities incurred to carry or acquire real estate or (ii) risk of currency fluctuations with respect to any item of income or gain that would be qualifying income under the REIT 75 or 95 gross income tests, and such instrument is properly identified under applicable Treasury Regulations. Income from hedging transactions that do not meet these requirements will generally constitute nonqualifying income for purposes of both the REIT 75 and 95 gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we may have to limit our use of hedging techniques that might otherwise be advantageous, which could result in greater risks associated with interest rate or other changes than we would otherwise incur. 
 Ownership limitations may restrict change of control or business combination opportunities which our stockholders might believe to be in their best interest. 
 In order for us to qualify as a REIT for each taxable year, no more than 50 in value of our outstanding capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals during the last half of any calendar year. Individuals for this purpose include natural persons, and some entities such as private foundations. To preserve our REIT qualification, among other purposes, our charter generally prohibits any person from directly or indirectly owning more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our common stock, or 9.8 in value of the aggregate of the outstanding shares of all classes or series of our stock. This ownership limitation could have the effect of discouraging a takeover or other transaction which our stockholders might believe to be otherwise in their best interests. 
 Our ownership of and relationship with our taxable REIT subsidiaries will be limited and a failure to comply with the limits would jeopardize our REIT status and may result in the application of a 100 excise tax. 
 We may own one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. A taxable REIT subsidiary may earn income that would not be qualifying income if earned directly by the parent REIT. Both the subsidiary and the REIT must jointly elect to treat the subsidiary as a taxable REIT subsidiary. A corporation of which a taxable REIT subsidiary directly or indirectly owns more than 35 of the voting power or value of the stock will automatically be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary. Overall, no more than 20 of the value of a REIT s assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. A domestic taxable REIT subsidiary will pay federal, state and local income tax at regular corporate rates on any income that it earns. In addition, the taxable REIT subsidiary rules limit the deductibility of interest paid or accrued by a taxable REIT subsidiary to its parent REIT to assure that the taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to an appropriate level of corporate taxation. The rules also impose a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a taxable REIT subsidiary and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm s-length basis. We cannot assure our stockholders that we will be able to comply with the 20 value limitation on ownership of taxable REIT subsidiary stock and securities on an ongoing basis so as to maintain REIT status or to avoid application of the 100 excise tax imposed on certain non-arm s length transactions. 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes . 
 At any time, the federal income tax laws or regulations governing REITs or the administrative interpretations of those laws or regulations may be amended. We cannot predict when or if any new federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, will be adopted, promulgated or become effective and any such law, regulation or interpretation may take effect retroactively. We and our stockholders could be adversely affected by any such change in, or any new, federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 In particular, on December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act was signed into law. The Tax Act includes sweeping changes to U.S. tax laws and represents the most significant change to the Internal Revenue Code since 1986. In addition to reducing corporate and individual tax rates, the Tax Act eliminates or restricts various deductions. Most of the changes applicable to individuals are temporary and apply only to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026. The Tax Act also makes numerous large and small changes to the tax rules that do not affect the REIT qualification rules directly, but may otherwise affect us or our stockholders. In addition, recently enacted legislation intended to support the economy during the COVID-19 pandemic, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), made technical corrections, or temporary modifications, to certain of the provisions of the Tax Act. Additional changes to tax laws were enacted as part of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA ). Many of the material provisions of the IRA exempt REITs. There may also be future changes in U.S. federal tax laws, regulations, rules, and judicial and administrative interpretations applicable to us, our business and our tenants, the effect of which cannot be predicted. While the changes in the Tax Act, the CARES Act and the IRA generally appear to be favorable with respect to REITs, the extensive changes to non-REIT provisions in the Internal Revenue Code may have unanticipated effects on us or our stockholders. 
 Additional changes to the tax laws are likely to continue to occur, and we cannot assure stockholders that any such changes will not adversely affect their taxation, the investment in the shares or the market value or the resale potential of our properties. Prospective stockholders are urged to consult with their own tax advisor with respect to the impact of recent legislation, including the Tax Act, on their investment in the shares and the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our shares. 
 Dividends paid by REITs are generally not eligible for the reduced rates for qualified dividends and therefore could cause investors who are individuals, trusts and estates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the shares of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including our shares. 
 Currently, the maximum tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates is 20 . Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the reduced rates for qualified dividends and are taxed at ordinary income rates (but under the Tax Act, U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates generally may deduct 20 of ordinary dividends from a REIT for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026). Although this does not adversely affect the taxation of REITs or dividends payable by REITs, the more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause investors who are individuals, trusts and estates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the shares of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including our shares. 
 Dividend income received in respect of our shares and gain from the sale of our shares could be treated as effectively connected income. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, distributions received from us will be treated as dividends of ordinary income to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. Such dividends ordinarily will be subject to U.S. withholding tax at a 30 rate, or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty, unless the distributions are treated as effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. stockholder of a U.S. trade or business. Pursuant to the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act of 1980 FIRPTA ), capital gain distributions attributable to sales or exchanges of U.S. real property interests USRPIs generally will be taxed to a non-U.S. stockholder as if such gain were effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business. However, a capital gain distribution will not be treated as effectively connected income if (1) the distribution is received with respect to a class of shares that is regularly traded on an established securities market located in the United States and (2) the non-U.S. stockholder does not own more than 10 of the class of our shares at any time during the one-year period ending on the date the distribution is received. We anticipate that our common stock will be regularly traded on the NYSE. Non-U.S. stockholders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these rules. 
 Gain recognized by a non-U.S. stockholder upon the sale or exchange of our shares generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxation unless such shares constitute a USRPI within the meaning of FIRPTA. Our shares will not constitute a USRPI so long as we are a domestically-controlled qualified investment entity. A domestically-controlled qualified investment entity includes a REIT if at all times during a specified testing period, less than 50 in value of such REIT s shares is held directly or indirectly by non-U.S. stockholders. There can be no assurances that we will be a domestically-controlled qualified investment entity. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Even if we do not qualify as a domestically-controlled qualified investment entity at the time a non-U.S. stockholder sells or exchanges our shares, gain arising from such a sale or exchange would not be subject to U.S. taxation under FIRPTA as a sale of a USRPI if: (1) our shares are regularly traded, as defined by applicable Treasury Regulations, on an established securities market, and (2) such non-U.S. stockholder owned, actually and constructively, 10 or less of our shares at any time during the five-year period ending on the date of the sale. As noted above, we anticipate that our common stock will be regularly traded on the NYSE. We encourage our non-U.S. stockholders to consult an independent tax advisor to determine the tax consequences applicable to them. 
 If our Operating Partnership fails to maintain its status as a partnership, its income may be subject to taxation, which would reduce the cash available for distribution to stockholders and likely result in a loss of our REIT status . 
 We intend to maintain the status of our Operating Partnership as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, if the IRS were to successfully challenge the status of the Operating Partnership as a partnership for such purposes, it would be taxable as a corporation. In such event, this would reduce the amount of distributions that the Operating Partnership could make to us. This would also likely result in our losing REIT status, and, if so, becoming subject to a corporate level tax on our own income. This would substantially reduce any cash available to pay distributions. In addition, if any of the partnerships or limited liability companies through which the Operating Partnership owns its properties, in whole or in part, loses its characterization as a partnership or limited liability company, as applicable, and is otherwise not disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes, it would be subject to taxation as a corporation, thereby reducing distributions to the Operating Partnership. Such a recharacterization of an underlying property owner could also threaten our ability to maintain our status as a REIT. 
 Risks Related to the Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Our Business 
 Measures intended to prevent the spread of COVID-19 have disrupted our ability to operate our business. 
 In response to the outbreak of COVID-19 and the federal and state mandates implemented to control its spread, most of our employees are working remotely. If our employees are unable to work effectively as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including because of illness, quarantines, office closures, ineffective remote work arrangements or technology failures or limitations, our operations would be adversely impacted. Further, remote work arrangements may increase the risk of cybersecurity incidents, data breaches or cyber-attacks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, due to, among other things, the loss of proprietary data, interruptions or delays in the operation of our business, damage to our reputation and any government imposed penalty. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption to our tenants' business operations and any future outbreak of other highly infectious or contagious diseases could materially and adversely impact or disrupt our business operations, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and performance . 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, including the spread of variants and the emergence of any future variants including resistance of variants to currently available vaccines, has had, and any other pandemics in the future could have, repercussions across regional, national and global economies and financial markets. The outbreak of COVID-19 in the United States and in many countries adversely impacted global economic activity and contributed to significant volatility and negative pressure in the financial markets. Many countries, including the United States, responded by instituting quarantines for some period of time, mandating business and school closures and restrictions on their re-openings, banning group gatherings and restricting travel, among others. 
 Certain states and cities, including where we own properties, also reacted by instituting quarantines, restrictions on travel, shelter in place rules and restrictions to only essential businesses that may continue to operate. As a result, the COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted almost every industry directly or indirectly, including the real estate industry in which we and our tenants operate. Non-renewal of leases by our tenants due to reduced demand for office space, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, any other pandemic in the future or otherwise, could reduce our cash flows, which could impact our ability to continue paying distributions to our stockholders at expected levels, or at all. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Properties and Investment: 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned a real estate investment portfolio consisting of 46 operating properties located in 17 states comprised of: 27 industrial properties, including our approximate 72.7 TIC Interest in an industrial property in Santa Clara, California, which is not reflected in the table below, 12 retail properties and 7 office properties, including one held for sale, which is not reflected in the table below. 
 Property and Location (1) Rentable Square Feet Property Type Investment in Real Property, Net, Plus Above-/Below- Market Lease Intangibles, Net Mortgage Financing (Principal) (2) Annualized Base Lease Revenue (3) Acquisition Fee (4) Lease Expiration (5) Renewal Options (Number/Years) (5) Northrop Grumman, Melbourne, FL (6) 107,419 Industrial 11,065,073 1,274,437 398,100 5/31/2026 1/5-yr Northrop Grumman Parcel, Melbourne, FL Land 329,410 9,000 Husqvarna, Charlotte, NC 64,637 Industrial 10,397,247 898,954 348,000 6/30/2027 (7) 2/5-yr AvAir, Chandler, AZ 162,714 Industrial 23,858,620 2,318,570 795,000 12/31/2032 2/5-yr 3M, DeKalb, IL 410,400 Industrial 12,193,068 1,856,419 456,000 7/31/2034 2/5-yr Taylor Fresh Foods, Yuma, AZ 216,727 Industrial 23,975,285 12,350,000 1,638,884 741,000 9/30/2033 2/10-yr Levins, Sacramento, CA 76,000 Industrial 3,994,122 209,576 8/31/2023 2/5-yr Labcorp, San Carlos, CA 20,800 Industrial 9,523,310 645,899 10/31/2025 2/5-yr WSP USA, San Diego, CA 37,449 Industrial 9,271,893 729,198 2/28/2026 2/5-yr ITW Rippey, El Dorado Hills, CA 38,500 Industrial 6,510,717 584,719 7/31/2029 1/5-yr L3Harris, Carlsbad, CA 46,214 Industrial 11,047,101 852,186 4/30/2029 1/5-yr Arrow Tru-Line, Archbold, OH 206,155 Industrial 11,086,329 777,444 12/31/2041 2/10-yr Kalera, Saint Paul, MN 78,857 Industrial 7,793,237 578,490 2/28/2042 2/5-yr Lindsay, Colorado Springs 1, CO 23,452 Industrial 2,270,622 144,116 4/30/2047 2/10-yr Lindsay, Colorado Springs 2, CO 36,454 Industrial 3,289,821 209,127 4/30/2047 2/10-yr Lindsay, Dacono, CO 39,088 Industrial 6,389,255 482,203 4/30/2047 2/10-yr Lindsay, Alachua, FL 96,792 Industrial 8,261,274 577,309 4/30/2047 2/10-yr Lindsay, Franklinton, NC 69,939 Industrial 7,067,872 470,774 4/30/2047 2/10-yr Lindsay, Canal Fulton 1, OH 147,998 Industrial 11,101,976 765,368 4/30/2047 2/10-yr Lindsay, Canal Fulton 2, OH 129,112 Industrial 9,843,591 707,764 4/30/2047 2/10-yr Lindsay, Rock Hill, SC 75,360 Industrial 6,436,810 427,269 4/30/2047 2/10-yr Producto, Endicott, NY 31,262 Industrial 2,326,491 168,896 7/31/2042 6/5-yr Producto, Jamestown, NY 41,111 Industrial 3,029,835 219,570 7/31/2042 6/5-yr Valtir, Centerville, UT 72,498 Industrial 4,634,945 501,065 7/31/2037 4/5-yr Valtir, Orangeburg, SC 54,549 Industrial 5,511,158 453,495 7/31/2047 4/5-yr Valtir, Fort Worth, TX 32,887 Industrial 3,247,684 223,981 7/31/2037 4/5-yr Valtir, Lima, OH 133,678 Industrial 9,782,712 636,306 7/31/2047 4/5-yr 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Property table continued Property and Location (1) Rentable Square Feet Property Type Investment in Real Property, Net, Plus Above-/Below- Market Lease Intangibles, Net Mortgage Financing (Principal) (2) Annualized Base Lease Revenue (3) Acquisition Fee (4) Lease Expiration (5) Renewal Options (Number/Years) (5) Dollar General, Litchfield, ME 9,026 Retail 1,151,621 92,961 40,008 9/30/2030 3/5-yr Dollar General, Wilton, ME 9,100 Retail 1,368,971 112,439 48,390 7/31/2030 3/5-yr Dollar General, Thompsontown, PA 9,100 Retail 1,069,755 85,998 37,014 10/31/2030 2/5-yr and 1/4-yr 11 months Dollar General, Mt. Gilead, OH 9,026 Retail 1,058,964 85,924 36,981 6/30/2030 3/5-yr Dollar General, Lakeside, OH 9,026 Retail 980,682 81,036 34,875 5/31/2035 3/5-yr Dollar General, Castalia, OH 9,026 Retail 962,067 79,320 34,140 5/31/2035 3/5-yr Dollar General, Bakersfield, CA 18,827 Retail 4,692,797 341,972 7/31/2028 3/5-yr Dollar General, Big Spring, TX 9,026 Retail 1,114,243 86,041 6/30/2030 3/5-yr Dollar Tree, Morrow, GA 10,906 Retail 1,185,643 103,607 7/31/2025 3/5-yr PreK Education, San Antonio, TX 50,000 Retail 11,614,043 924,000 7/31/2029 1/8-yr Walgreens, Santa Maria, CA 14,490 Retail 5,366,519 369,000 3/31/2032 6/5-yr KIA/Trophy of Carson, Carson, CA 72,623 Retail 68,387,431 4,339,941 1/14/2047 2/5-yr exp US Services, Maitland, FL 33,118 Office 5,537,286 837,783 204,814 11/30/2026 1/5-yr Cummins, Nashville, TN 87,230 Office 12,347,219 1,520,789 465,000 2/29/2024 1/5-yr Costco, Issaquah, WA 97,191 Office 25,059,529 18,850,000 2,362,956 870,838 7/31/2025 1/5-yr GSA (MHSA), Vacaville, CA 11,014 Office 2,883,982 336,003 8/24/2026 None Solar Turbines, San Diego, CA 26,036 Office 6,686,377 565,643 7/31/2025 (8) None OES, Rancho Cordova, CA (9) 106,592 Office 27,169,246 13,315,009 1,257,139 12/31/2034 None 3,081,519 402,875,833 44,515,009 31,934,571 4,519,160 
 (1) Each of the properties was 100 occupied by a single tenant at the time of acquisition and has remained 100 occupied by that tenant through December 31, 2022. 
 (2) All of our real estate financing is through our Credit Facility with the exception of mortgage loans secured by the Costco, Taylor Fresh Foods and OES properties. Our Credit Facility is further described in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources below. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2022, annualized base lease revenue is calculated based on the contractual monthly minimum base rent, excluding rent abatements. 
 (4) Acquisition fees were paid to our former advisor in connection with the acquisition of properties acquired prior to December 31, 2019. The fee was equal to 3.0 of the contract purchase price of a property, as defined in the former advisory agreement. 
 (5) Represents the end of the non-cancelable lease term, assuming no early termination rights or renewals are exercised unless otherwise noted. 
 (6) This property was reclassified on December 31, 2022 to industrial from office to reflect Northrop Grumman's change in use since a majority of the square footage of the property is being used as laboratory space. 
 (7) The tenant s right to cancel the lease on June 30, 2025 was not determined to be probable for financial accounting purposes. 
 (8) On January 23, 2023, the lease term expiration was extended from July 31, 2023 to July 31, 2025. 
 (9) We and Sutter Health agreed to the early termination of its lease effective December 31, 2022 for payment of an early termination fee of 3,751,984. The early termination fee was recorded as rental income in the accompanying statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The property is leased to the State of California's Office of Emergency Services OES effective January 4, 2023 for 12 years through December 31, 2034. OES has a purchase option which OES can exercise any time from May 1, 2024 through December 31, 2026. OES also has an early termination option which OES can exercise any time on or after December 31, 2028 by giving written notice at least 120 days prior to the date of early termination. The tenant s right to cancel the lease on or after December 31, 2028 was not determined to be probable for financial accounting purposes. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Lease Expirations: 
 The following tables reflect lease expirations with respect to our properties as of December 31, 2022, including the TIC Interest: 
 Year Number of Leases Expiring Leased Square Footage Expiring Percentage of Leased Square Footage Expiring Cumulative Percentage of Leased Square Footage Expiring Annualized Base Rent Expiring (1) Percentage of Annualized Base Rent Expiring Cumulative Percentage of Annualized Base Rent Expiring 2023 2 116,110 3.7 3.7 311,455 0.9 0.9 2024 1 87,230 2.8 6.5 1,520,789 4.5 5.4 2025 4 154,933 4.9 11.4 3,678,106 10.9 16.3 2026 5 280,740 8.8 20.2 4,808,337 14.3 30.6 2027 1 64,637 2.0 22.2 898,954 2.7 33.3 2028 2 18,827 0.6 22.8 341,972 1.0 34.3 2029 3 134,714 4.2 27.0 2,360,905 7.0 41.3 2030 5 45,278 1.4 28.4 463,363 1.4 42.7 2031 28.4 42.7 2032 2 177,204 5.6 34.0 2,687,570 8.0 50.7 Thereafter 21 2,093,586 66.0 100.0 16,595,915 49.3 100.0 Total 46 3,173,259 100.0 33,667,366 100.0 
 (1) Annualized lease revenue is calculated based on the contractual monthly base rent as of December 31, 2022 multiplied by 12. 
 Investments: 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had the following other real estate investment: 
 TIC Interest Investment Balance Santa Clara Property an approximate 72.7 TIC Interest (1) 
 10,007,420 
 (1) This industrial property was acquired in 2017 and has approximately 91,740 rentable square feet. The purchase price was 29,625,075, including closing costs. The ABR lease revenue is 1,630,916. The acquisition fee was 861,055, of which 626,073 was paid by us and the balance was paid by the other tenant-in-common owners of the property. The tenant's lease expiration date is March 16, 2026 and the lease provides for three five-year renewal options. 
 Additional information about our other real estate investments is included in Note 4 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For information regarding legal proceedings, see Note 11 - Commitments and Contingencies - Legal Matters to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Stockholder Information 
 As of February 28, 2023, there were approximately 5,200 holders of record of our Class C Common Stock. However, because many of our shares of Class C Common Stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we believe there are considerably more beneficial holders of our Class C Common Stock than record holders. 
 Market Information 
 Our Class C Common Stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol MDV and has been trading since February 11, 2022 in connection with our Listed Offering which closed on February 15, 2022 (see Note 9 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more details). 
 Estimated Net Asset Value NAV Per Share and Valuation Procedures 
 In order to provide additional insight into the value of our real estate portfolio we engaged Cushman Wakefield, an independent valuation firm (the Independent Valuation Firm to provide a report estimating our NAV per share (unaudited) as of December 31, 2022. We previously engaged this same Independent Valuation Firm to provide a report estimating our pro forma NAV per share (unaudited) as of January 31, 2022 in advance of our Listed Offering. 
 As a public company, we are required to issue financial statements generally based on historical cost in accordance with GAAP as applicable to our financial statements. To calculate NAV, we have adopted a model, as explained below, which adjusts the value of certain of our assets from their historical cost to fair value. As a result, our NAV differs from the amount reported as stockholders equity on the face of our financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. When the fair value of our assets is calculated for the purposes of determining our NAV per share, the calculation is done generally in accordance with the fair value methodologies detailed within the FASB Accounting Standards Codification under Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures. Because these fair value calculations involve significant professional judgment in the application of both observable and unobservable inputs, the calculated fair value of our assets may differ from their actual realizable value or future fair value. In addition, our valuation procedures and our NAV are not subject to GAAP and are not subject to independent audit. Our NAV may differ from equity reflected on our consolidated financial statements, even if we are required to adopt a fair value basis of accounting for our GAAP financial statements in the future. Furthermore, no rule or regulation requires that we calculate NAV in a certain way. While we believe our NAV calculation methodologies are consistent with standard industry practices, there is no rule or regulation that requires we calculate NAV in a certain way and there is no established practice among public REITs, whether listed or not. As a result, other public REITs may use different methodologies or assumptions to determine NAV. In addition, NAV is not a measure used under GAAP and the valuations of and certain adjustments made to our assets and liabilities used in the determination of NAV will differ from GAAP. You should not consider NAV to be equivalent to stockholders equity or any other GAAP measure. 
 Independent Valuation Firm 
 We engaged Cushman Wakefield to serve as our Independent Valuation Firm with respect to the valuation of the assets and liabilities associated with our wholly-owned real estate portfolio and our approximate 72.7 TIC Interest, all of which are held, directly or indirectly, by our Operating Partnership. Cushman Wakefield is a multidisciplinary provider of independent, commercial real estate consulting and advisory services in multiple offices around the world. Cushman Wakefield is engaged in the business of valuing commercial real estate properties and is not affiliated with us. The compensation we pay to the Independent Valuation Firm is not based on the estimated values of our real estate properties. The Independent Valuation Firm discharges its responsibilities in accordance with our real property valuation procedures described below. 
 Our Independent Valuation Firm and its affiliates may from time to time in the future perform other commercial real estate and financial advisory services for us, or in transactions related to the properties that are the subjects of valuations being performed for us, or otherwise, so long as such other services do not adversely affect the independence of the applicable appraiser as certified in the applicable valuation report. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Real Property Valuation 
 The real property valuation, which is the largest component of our NAV calculation, has been provided to us by the Independent Valuation Firm. The Independent Valuation Firm provided a restricted appraisal report for our 46 properties, including the TIC Interest. The value of our properties is determined on an unencumbered basis. The effect of property-level debt on our NAV is discussed further below. 
 The Independent Valuation Firm collects all reasonably available material information that it deems relevant in valuing our real estate properties. The Independent Valuation Firm relies in part on property-level information provided by management, including (i) physical property attributes such as size, year built, and construction quality and type; (ii) historical and projected operating revenues and expenses of the property; (iii) lease agreements on the property; and (iv) information regarding recent or planned capital expenditures. 
 The Independent Valuation Firm utilizes standard and accepted appraisal methodology in arriving at its opinions of fair value, and applies only the most appropriate valuation techniques amongst the income capitalization, sales comparison, and cost approaches to value. The reliability of each approach depends on the availability and comparability of market data as well as the motivation and thinking of purchasers. In determining the fair value of the properties, the Independent Valuation Firm utilizes the income capitalization approach as the primary method. A second limited scope sales comparison approach is employed to test the reasonableness of the income capitalization approach. 
 Because the property valuations involve significant professional judgment in the application of both observable and unobservable attributes, the calculated value of our real property may not reflect the liquidation value or net realizable value of our properties because the valuation performed by the Independent Valuation Firm involves subjective judgments and does not reflect transaction costs associated with property dispositions. However, as discussed below, in some circumstances such as when an asset is anticipated to be acquired or disposed, we may apply a probability-weighted analysis to factor in a portion of potential transaction costs in our NAV calculation. 
 Our Independent Valuation Firm s valuation report is not addressed to the public and may not be relied upon by any other person to establish an estimated value of our common stock and will not constitute a recommendation to any person to purchase or sell any shares of our common stock. In preparing its valuation report, our Independent Valuation Firm does not solicit third-party indications of interest for our common stock in connection with possible purchases thereof or the acquisition of all or any part of our Company. 
 In conducting its investigation and analyses, our Independent Valuation Firm takes into account customary and accepted financial and commercial procedures and considerations as it deems relevant, which may include, without limitation, the review of documents, materials and information relevant to valuing the property that are provided by us. Although our Independent Valuation Firm may review information supplied or otherwise made available by us for reasonableness, it assumes and relies upon the accuracy and completeness of all such information and all information supplied or otherwise made available to it by any other party and does not undertake any duty or responsibility to verify independently any such information. With respect to operating or financial forecasts and other information and data to be provided to or otherwise to be reviewed or discussed with our Independent Valuation Firm, our Independent Valuation Firm assumes such forecasts and other information and data were reasonably prepared in good faith on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of our management and relies upon us to advise our Independent Valuation Firm promptly if any material information previously provided becomes inaccurate or was required to be updated during the period of its review. 
 In performing its analyses, our Independent Valuation Firm is expected to make numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business, economic and regulatory conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond its control and our control, as well as certain factual matters. For example, unless specifically informed to the contrary, our Independent Valuation Firm assumes that we have clear and marketable title to each real estate property valued, that no title defects exist, that improvements were made in accordance with law, that no hazardous materials are present or were present previously, that no deed restrictions exist, and that no changes to zoning ordinances or regulations governing use, density or shape are pending or being considered. Furthermore, our Independent Valuation Firm s analysis, opinions and conclusions are necessarily based upon market, economic, financial and other circumstances and conditions existing at or prior to the valuation, and any material change in such circumstances and conditions may affect our Independent Valuation Firm s analysis and conclusions. Our Independent Valuation Firm s valuation report may contain other assumptions, qualifications and limitations set forth in the respective report that qualify the analysis, opinions and conclusions set forth therein. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 The overarching principle is to produce valuations that represent fair and reasonable estimates of the unencumbered values of our real estate or the prices that would be received for our real properties in arm s length transactions between market participants before considering underlying debt. The valuation of our real properties determined by the Independent Valuation Firm may not always reflect the value at which we would agree to buy or sell assets and the value at which we would buy or sell such assets could materially differ from the Independent Valuation Firm s estimate of fair value. Further, we do not undertake to disclose the value at which we would be willing to buy or sell our real properties to any prospective or existing investor. 
 The valuations are performed in accordance with the Code of Ethics and the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practices, or USPAP, the real estate appraisal industry standards created by The Appraisal Foundation. Each valuation must be reviewed, approved and signed by an individual with the Member of Appraisal Institute MAI professional designation. Real estate valuations are reported on a free-and-clear basis (for example, without factoring in any applicable mortgage(s)), irrespective of any property-level financing that may be in place. Such property-level financings ultimately are factored in and do reduce our NAV in a manner described below. 
 The analyses performed by our Independent Valuation Firm do not address the market value of our common stock. Furthermore, the prices at which our real estate properties may actually be sold could differ from our Independent Valuation Firm s analyses. 
 Valuation of Real Estate-Related Liabilities 
 Our real estate-related liabilities consist of financing for our real estate assets. Depending on the relationship of a loan s interest rate and other terms to current market interest rates and other terms, our Independent Valuation Firm may conclude that the value of a loan is more or less than our current loan balance. 
 Valuation of Non-Real Estate-Related Assets and Liabilities 
 The Independent Valuation Firm then adds any other assets held by us, including cash and cash equivalents, and any accruals of income, and subtracts our accounts payable and accrued liabilities, including legal, accounting and administrative costs. Our most significant source of net income is property income. We accrue estimated income and expenses. On a periodic basis, our income and expense accruals are adjusted based on information derived from actual operating results. 
 Our liabilities are included as part of our NAV calculation generally based on GAAP, except for property-level mortgages and interest rate swaps, which are included based on their fair values. Our other liabilities include, without limitation, accounts payable, accrued operating expenses, accrued interest, dividends and distributions payable, and other liabilities. 
 Process for Determining NAV and NAV Per Share 
 Changes in the NAV reflect factors including, but not limited to, (1) gains (or losses) on the value of our real estate properties and related liabilities, (2) changes in the value of our interest rate swap derivatives, (3) changes in the value of our liquid assets, and (4) accruals for income and expenses, share repurchases, accrued dividends to preferred stockholders and accrued distributions to common stockholders. 
 Calculation of Our Estimated NAV Per Share (Unaudited) as of December 31, 2022 and Pro Forma NAV Per Share (Unaudited) as of January 31, 2022 
 Cushman Wakefield developed an opinion of fair value of the real estate assets and real estate related liabilities associated with our properties. 
 Cushman Wakefield s scope of work was conducted in conformity with the requirements of the Code of Professional Ethics and Standards of Professional Practice of the Appraisal Institute. Several members of the Cushman Wakefield engagement team who certified the methodologies and assumptions applied by us hold a MAI designation. Other than (i) its engagement as described herein, (ii) its previous engagements with our Company in connection with the determination of the estimated NAV per share (unaudited) of our common stock as of December 31, 2017, December 31, 2018, December 31, 2019, April 30, 2020, December 31, 2020, March 31, 2021, June 30, 2021, September 30, 2021 and January 31, 2022 and (iii) its previous engagements with REIT I in connection with the determination of the estimated NAV per share (unaudited) of REIT I common stock as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2018, Cushman Wakefield does not have any direct interests in any transaction with us and has not performed any services for us other than Asset Allocation services pursuant to Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2017-01, Clarifying the Definition of a Business (ASU No. 2017-01) and FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 805, Business Combinations (ASC Topic 805) and the real estate financial advisor services it provided on behalf of REIT I in connection with the REIT I Merger with our Company on December 31, 2019. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Valuation Methodology 
 In preparing its valuation materials and in reaching its conclusions as to the reasonableness of the methodologies and assumptions used by our Company to value our assets, Cushman Wakefield, among other things: 
 
 investigated numerous sales in the properties relevant markets, analyzed rental data and considered the input of buyers, sellers, brokers, property developers and public officials; 
 
 reviewed and relied upon our Company-provided data regarding the size, year built, construction quality and construction type of the properties in order to understand the characteristics of the existing improvements and underlying land; 
 reviewed and relied upon our Company-provided balance sheet items such as cash and other assets, as well as debt, interest rate swap derivatives and other liabilities; 
 researched the market by means of publications, public and private databases and other resources to measure current market conditions, supply and demand factors, and growth patterns and their effect on the properties; and 
 performed such other analyses and studies, and considered such other factors, as Cushman Wakefield considered appropriate. 
 Cushman Wakefield utilized two approaches in valuing our real estate assets that are commonly used in the commercial real estate industry. The following is a summary of the NAV Methodology and the valuation approaches used by Cushman Wakefield: 
 NAV Methodology The NAV Methodology determines the value of our Company by determining the estimated market value of our entity level assets, including real estate assets, and subtracting the market value of our entity level liabilities, including our debt. The materials provided by Cushman Wakefield to estimate the value of the real estate assets were prepared using discrete estimations of as is market valuations for each of the properties in our portfolio using the income capitalization approach as the primary indicator of value and the sales comparison approach as a secondary approach to value, as discussed in greater detail below. Cushman Wakefield also estimated the fair value of our real estate related debt. Cushman Wakefield then added the non-real estate related tangible assets and subtracted non-real estate related liabilities. The resulting amount, which is the estimated NAV of the portfolio, is divided by the number of fully-diluted shares of common stock outstanding to determine the estimated NAV per share. 
 Determination of Estimated Market Value of Our Real Estate Assets Under the NAV Methodology 
 Income Capitalization Approach The income capitalization approach first determines the income-producing capacity of a property by using contract rents on existing leases, or expected rents for leases that are scheduled to expire within the next 12 months if not extended by the tenant, and by estimating market rent from rental activity at competing properties for the vacant space. Deductions are then made for vacancy and collection loss and operating expenses. The net operating income NOI developed in Cushman Wakefield s analysis is the balance of potential income remaining after vacancy and collection loss and operating expenses. This NOI was then capitalized at an appropriate rate to derive an estimate of value (the Direct Capitalization Method or discounted by an appropriate yield rate over a typical projection period in a discounted cash flow analysis. Thus, two key steps were involved: (1) estimating the NOI applicable to the subject property and (2) choosing appropriate capitalization rates and discount rates. 
 The following summarizes the range of capitalization rates Cushman Wakefield used to arrive at the estimated market values of our properties valued using the Direct Capitalization Method: 
 Range Weighted-Average Capitalization Rate Pro Forma NAV as of January 31, 2022 5.00 to 7.79 6.30 Capitalization Rate Estimated NAV as of December 31, 2022 
 5.25 to 11.10 6.68 
 The capitalization rate was weighted based on NOI. An increase in the selected capitalization rate of 0.25 would result in a decrease in net asset value of approximately 20,870,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 19,980,000 as of January 31, 2022. A decrease in the selected capitalization rate of 0.25 would result in an increase in net asset value of approximately 22,550,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 21,670,000 as of January 31, 2022. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Sales Comparison Approach The sales comparison approach estimates value based on what other purchasers and sellers in the market have agreed to as the price for comparable improved properties. This approach is based upon the principle of substitution, which states that the limits of prices, rents, and rates tend to be set by the prevailing prices, rents, and rates of equally desirable substitutes. 
 Cushman Wakefield prepared and provided to our Company a report containing, among other information, the range of net asset values for our Class C Common Stock as of December 31, 2022 (the Valuation Report ). 
 Utilizing the NAV Methodology, including use of the two approaches to value our real estate assets noted above, and dividing by the 10,331,042 fully-diluted shares of our common stock outstanding on December 31, 2022, Cushman Wakefield determined a valuation range of 25.70 to 29.90 per share (unaudited). 
 Utilizing the NAV Methodology, including use of the two approaches to value our real estate assets noted above, and dividing by the 10,125,412 fully-diluted shares of our common stock outstanding on January 31, 2022, Cushman Wakefield determined a pro forma valuation range of 26.77 to 30.88 per share (unaudited). 
 The table below sets forth the calculation of our estimated NAV per share (unaudited) as of December 31, 2022 and pro forma estimated NAV per share (unaudited) as of January 31, 2022: 
 December 31, 2022 
 January 31, 2022 (a) Estimated Value Estimated 
 NAV Per Share 
 Pro Forma Value Pro Forma NAV Per Share Real estate properties 503,700,000 48.76 463,054,000 45.73 Investment in unconsolidated entity: Santa Clara property tenant-in-common interest (b) 19,768,921 1.91 18,894,790 1.87 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 8,608,649 0.83 65,263,037 6.44 Interest rate swap derivative 4,629,702 0.45 Other assets 3,989,400 0.39 5,878,710 0.58 Total assets 540,696,672 52.34 553,090,537 54.62 Mortgage notes payable 41,293,644 4.00 46,236,403 4.56 Credit facility 153,000,000 14.81 155,775,000 15.39 Accrued interest payable 285,392 0.03 272,481 0.03 Accrued dividends and distributions payable 1,768,068 0.17 1,028,074 0.10 Interest rate swap derivative 498,866 0.05 Other liabilities 7,448,302 0.72 8,731,045 0.86 Total liabilities 204,294,272 19.78 212,043,003 20.94 Series A Preferred Stock 50,000,000 4.84 50,000,000 4.94 Total estimated net asset value 286,402,400 27.72 291,047,534 28.74 Fully-diluted shares outstanding (c) 10,331,042 10,125,142 
 (a) The estimated pro forma NAV per share (unaudited) as of January 31, 2022 reflected (i) the estimated asset values for 35 properties (excluding four assets held for sale) that were in our portfolio on January 31, 2022, including two acquisitions completed in January 2022, (ii) net cash received from four dispositions that were pending as of January 31, 2022 and completed in February 2022, (iii) borrowing under the Credit Facility provided by KeyBank National Association KeyBank and repayment of 20 mortgages in January 2022, and (iv) the estimated fair value of debt on the three consolidated mortgages remaining after the closing of the Credit Facility provided by KeyBank and the four dispositions completed in February 2022. 
 (b) Reflects our approximate 72.7 interest in the Santa Clara property which includes real estate valued at 39,010,000 and a mortgage with a fair value of 12,097,225. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 (c) Fully-diluted shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and January 31, 2022 includes the following: 
 i) 1,312,382 Class C OP Units issued on January 18, 2022 in connection with the acquisition of the KIA auto dealership property discussed above; 
 ii) 1,189,964 shares that would result from conversion of 657,949.5 Class M OP Units and 56,029 Class P OP Units assuming a conversion ratio of 1.6667 shares of our Class C Common Stock for each Class M OP Unit and Class P OP Unit outstanding; and 
 iii) 316,343 shares and 101,855 shares, respectively, that would result from conversion of Class R OP Units. 
 Exclusions from Estimated NAV 
 The estimated share value does not reflect any portfolio premium, nor does it reflect an enterprise value of our Company, which may include a premium or discount to NAV for: 
 
 the size of our Company s portfolio, as some buyers may pay more for a portfolio compared to prices for individual investments; 
 
 the overall geographic and tenant diversity of the portfolio as a whole; 
 the characteristics of our Company s working capital, leverage, credit facilities and other financial structures where some buyers may ascribe different values based on synergies, cost savings or other attributes; or 
 certain third-party transaction or other expenses that would be necessary to realize the value. 
 Limitations of the Estimated Share Value 
 As with any valuation methodology, the NAV Methodology used by Cushman Wakefield in reaching an estimate of the value of our shares is based upon a number of estimates, assumptions, judgments and opinions that may, or may not, prove to be correct, and are calculated as of a particular point in time. The use of different valuation methods, estimates, assumptions, judgments or opinions may have resulted in significantly different estimates of the value of our shares. In addition, our estimate of share value is not based on the book values of our real estate, as determined by GAAP, as our book value for most real estate is based on the amortized cost of the property, subject to certain adjustments. 
 Furthermore, in reaching an estimate of the value of our shares, we did not include a discount for debt that may include a prepayment obligation or a provision precluding assumption of the debt by a third party. In addition, selling costs were not considered by Cushman Wakefield in the valuation of the properties. 
 Additional Information Regarding Engagement of Cushman Wakefield 
 Cushman Wakefield s valuation materials provided to our Company do not constitute a recommendation to purchase or sell any shares of our common stock or other securities. The estimated value of our common stock may vary depending on numerous factors that generally impact the price of securities, the financial condition of our Company and the state of the real estate industry more generally, such as changes in economic or market conditions, changes in interest rates, changes in the supply of and demand for commercial real estate properties and changes in tenants financial condition. 
 In connection with its review, while Cushman Wakefield reviewed the information supplied or otherwise made available to it by our Company for reasonableness, Cushman Wakefield assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all such information and of all information supplied or otherwise made available to it by any other party, and did not undertake any duty or responsibility to verify independently any of such information. With respect to financial forecasts and other information and data provided to or otherwise reviewed by or discussed with Cushman Wakefield, Cushman Wakefield assumed that such forecasts and other information and data were reasonably prepared in good faith on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of management of our Company, and relied upon our Company to advise Cushman Wakefield promptly if any information previously provided became inaccurate or was required to be updated during the period of its review. 
 In preparing its valuation materials, Cushman Wakefield did not, and was not requested to, solicit third party indications of interest for our Company in connection with possible purchases of our securities or the acquisition of all or any part of our Company. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 In performing its analyses, Cushman Wakefield made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business, economic and regulatory conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond Cushman Wakefield s control and the control of our Company. The analyses performed by Cushman Wakefield are not necessarily indicative of actual values, trading values or actual future results of our Company s common stock that might be achieved, all of which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by such analyses. The analyses do not reflect the prices at which properties may actually be sold, and such estimates are inherently subject to uncertainty. 
 Cushman Wakefield s materials were necessarily based upon market, economic, financial and other circumstances and conditions existing as of December 31, 2022, and any material change in such circumstances and conditions may have affected Cushman Wakefield s analysis, but Cushman Wakefield does not have, and has disclaimed, any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its materials as of any date subsequent to December 31, 2022. 
 For services rendered in connection with and upon the delivery of its valuation materials, we paid Cushman Wakefield a customary fee. The compensation Cushman Wakefield received was based on the scope of work and was not contingent on an action or event resulting from analyses, opinions, or conclusions in its valuation materials or from its use. In addition, Cushman Wakefield s compensation for completing the valuation was not contingent upon the development or reporting of a predetermined value or direction in value that favors the cause of our Company, the amount of the estimated value, the attainment of a stipulated result, or the occurrence of a subsequent event directly related to the intended use of the valuation materials. We also agreed to reimburse Cushman Wakefield for its expenses incurred in connection with its services and will indemnify Cushman Wakefield against certain liabilities arising out of its engagement. 
 Sales of Registered Distribution Reinvestment Plan Securities 
 On January 22, 2021, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-252321) to register a maximum of 100,000,000 of additional shares of Class C Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the DRP (the Registered DRP Offering ). We commenced offering shares of Class C Common Stock pursuant to the Registered DRP Offering on January 27, 2021. Through December 31, 2022, we sold 179,502 shares of Class C Common Stock under the Registered DRP Offering, for aggregate gross proceeds of 2,649,434. The proceeds from the Registered DRP Offering were used for general corporate purposes, including investments in real estate properties. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities to Independent Board Members 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued 21,791 shares of Class C Common Stock to our independent directors for their services as board members. Such issuance was made in reliance on the exemption from registration under Rule 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 Sales Pursuant to Our Private Offering and our Reg A Offering 
 On February 1, 2021, we commenced a private offering of our Class C Common Stock (the Private Offering to accredited investors only under Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. Shares of our Class C Common Stock were sold at a per share offering price equal to the most recently published NAV per share (unaudited) determined by our board of directors. We primarily used the net proceeds from the Private Offering to invest in a diversified portfolio of real estate and real estate-related investments, or to re-lease and reposition our properties in accordance with our investment strategy and policies, including commissions and costs associated with such investments. We also used a portion of the proceeds of the Private Offering for general corporate purposes, including capital expenditures, tenant improvement costs and leasing costs related to our real estate investments; reserves required by financings of our real estate investments; the repayment of debt; the funding of stockholder distributions; and provided liquidity to our stockholders pursuant to our share repurchase program. We terminated the Private Offering on August 12, 2021. During the period from February 1, 2021 to August 11, 2021, we sold 36,207 shares of our Class C Common Stock pursuant to the Private Offering for aggregate proceeds of 851,273. 
 On June 29, 2021, we filed with the SEC a Regulation A Offering Statement on Form 1-A, including our preliminary offering circular, for a 75,000,000 offering of our Class C Common Stock (the Reg A Offering and filed an amended Form 1-A on August 13, 2021. The SEC qualified the amended Regulation A Offering Statement on Form 1-A on August 16, 2021. The Reg A Offering allowed us to once again accept subscriptions from investors who are not accredited. During the period from August 16, 2021 to November 2, 2021, the termination date of the Reg A Offering, we sold 73,801 shares of our Class C Common Stock pursuant to the Reg A Offering for aggregate proceeds of 1,949,512. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Distribution Information 
 We intend to pay distributions on a monthly basis, and we paid our first distribution on August 10, 2016. The distribution rate is determined by our board of directors based on our financial condition and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. Our board of directors has not pre-established a percentage range of return for distributions to stockholders. We have not established a minimum distribution level, and our charter does not require that we make distributions to our stockholders other than as necessary to meet REIT qualification requirements. 
 Distributions declared, distributions paid out, cash flows from operations and our sources of distribution payments were as follows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Cash Flows (Used in) Provided by Operating Activities Sources of Distribution Payment Period Total Distributions Declared Distributions Declared Per Share Distributions Paid Net Rental Income Received Offering Proceeds Quarter End Accrued Distribution Cash Reinvested 2022: 
 First Quarter 2022 (1) 2,907,122 0.387499 1,418,783 1,492,404 (1,083,310) 2,907,122 854,599 Second Quarter 2022 2,142,075 0.287500 2,070,570 711,223 6,159,782 2,142,075 844,183 Third Quarter 2022 2,143,444 0.287500 1,856,735 663,219 4,250,291 2,143,444 841,510 Fourth Quarter 2022 2,145,770 0.287500 1,895,194 623,313 7,322,058 2,145,770 846,070 2022 Totals 9,338,411 1.249999 7,241,282 3,490,159 16,648,821 9,338,411 2021: (2) 
 First Quarter 2021 1,991,676 0.258903 891,202 1,130,949 102,091 1,991,676 675,221 Second Quarter 2021 1,976,511 0.261780 835,381 1,131,281 2,981,262 1,976,511 650,167 Third Quarter 2021 1,981,725 0.264656 838,868 1,137,501 3,299,330 1,981,725 643,025 Fourth Quarter 2021 2,161,049 0.289864 907,927 1,200,880 3,346,002 2,161,049 730,445 2021 Totals 8,110,961 1.075203 3,473,378 4,600,611 9,728,685 8,110,961 
 (1) Includes the 13th distribution for 2021 declared on January 5, 2022 for Class C Common Stock only and distributions to Class C OP Units. 
 (2) The distribution paid per share of Class S Common Stock is net of deferred selling commissions. 
 Distributions have been and are expected to be paid on a monthly basis. For the year ended December 31, 2022, distributions paid to our stockholders were 66.1 return of capital and 33.9 ordinary income and for the year ended December 31, 2021, distributions paid to our stockholders were 100 ordinary income. 
 The following presents the U.S. federal income tax characterization of the distributions paid in 2022 and 2021: 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 Ordinary taxable income 0.4238 1.1685 Capital gain Non-taxable distribution 0.8262 Total 1.2499 1.1685 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Distributions to stockholders were declared and paid based on daily record dates at rates per share per day through 2021. Beginning with distributions to stockholders for 2022, distributions generally are declared during the month or two prior to the beginning of a quarter and paid based on a month end record date and a monthly rate per share. The distribution rate details are as follows: 
 Distribution Period Rate Per Share Per Month Declaration Date Payment Date 2022: 
 January 1-31 (1) 0.09583300 January 27, 2022 February 25, 2022 February 1-28 0.09583300 February 17, 2022 March 25, 2022 March 1-31 0.09583300 February 17, 2022 April 25, 2022 April 1-30 0.09583300 March 18, 2022 May 25, 2022 May 1-31 0.09583300 March 18, 2022 June 27, 2022 June 1-30 0.09583300 March 18, 2022 July 25, 2022 July 1-31 0.09583300 June 15, 2022 August 25, 2022 August 1-31 0.09583300 June 15, 2022 September 26, 2022 September 1-30 0.09583300 June 15, 2022 October 25, 2022 October 1-31 0.09583300 August 18, 2022 November 23, 2022 November 1-30 0.09583300 August 18, 2022 December 23, 2022 December 1-31 0.09583300 August 18, 2022 January 25, 2023 Distribution Period Rate Per Share Per Month Declaration Date Payment Date 2023: January 1-31 0.09583300 November 7, 2022 February 24, 2023 February 1-28 0.09583300 November 7, 2022 March 24, 2023 (2) March 1-31 0.09583300 November 7, 2022 April 25, 2022 (2) April 1-30 0.09583300 March 9, 2023 May 25, 2023 (2) May 1-31 0.09583300 March 9, 2023 June 26, 2023 (2) June 1-30 0.09583300 March 9, 2023 July 25, 2023 (2) 
 (1) On January 5, 2022, our board of directors declared a 13th distribution of 0.000274 rate per share per day to our common stockholders since our AFFO exceeded 110 of distributions declared for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 13th distribution was based on the outstanding shares of common stock held by stockholders on the record date of January 6, 2022 using the following formula: (i) the daily amount of the 13th distribution, divided by 365 days (ii) multiplied by the number of days such shares of common stock were held by such stockholder from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021. Stockholders were only eligible for the 13th distribution if they held such shares as of the close of business on the record date. 
 (2) Reflects the expected payment date since the distribution has not been paid as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must make aggregate annual distributions to our stockholders of at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which is computed without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or net capital gain and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP). If we meet the REIT qualification requirements, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the income that we distribute to our stockholders each year. Our board of directors may authorize distributions in excess of those required for us to maintain REIT status depending on our financial condition and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Our operating performance cannot be accurately predicted and may deteriorate in the future due to numerous factors, including those discussed under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors . Those factors include: (a) our ability to continue to raise capital to make additional investments; (b) the future operating performance of our current and future real estate investments in the existing real estate and financial environment; (c) our ability to identify additional real estate investments that are suitable to execute our investment objectives; (d) the success and economic viability of our tenants; (e) our ability to refinance existing indebtedness at maturity on comparable terms; (f) changes in interest rates on any variable rate debt obligations we incur; and (g) the level of participation in our DRP. In the event our cash flow from operations decreases in the future, the level of our distributions may also decrease. 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 On January 22, 2021, we filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-252321) to reflect our amended and restated DRP and register a maximum of 100,000,000 in share value of Class C Common Stock to be issued pursuant to our amended and restated DRP. We commenced offering shares of Class C Common Stock pursuant to the Registered DRP Offering on January 27, 2021. We expect to continue issuing our monthly distributions and maintain the ability for investors to reinvest their distributions under our Registered DRP Offering. 
 On February 15, 2022, our board of directors amended and restated the DRP (the Second Amended and Restated DRP with respect to the Class C Common Stock to change the purchase price at which the Class C Common Stock is issued to stockholders who elect to participate in the DRP, and we filed a Post-Effective Amendment to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-252321). The purpose of this change was to reflect the fact that our Class C Common Stock is now listed on the NYSE and no longer priced based on our most-recently determined estimated NAV per share. As more fully described in the Second Amended and Restated DRP, the purchase price for our Class C Common Stock under the DRP depends on whether we issue new shares to DRP participants or we or any third-party administrator obtains shares to be issued to DRP participants by purchasing them in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. 
 The purchase price for the Class C Common Stock issued directly by us is 97 , reflecting a 3 discount (or such other discount as may then be in effect) of the Market Price (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated DRP) of our Class C Common Stock. This discount is subject to change from time to time, in our sole discretion, but will be between 0 to 5 of the Market Price. The purchase price for the Class C Common Stock that we or any third-party administrator purchases from parties other than our Company, either in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, will be 100 of the average price per share (as described in the Second Amended and Restated DRP) actually paid for such shares of Class C Common Stock, excluding any processing fees. The Second Amended and Restated DRP also reflects the 0.05 per share processing fee that will be paid by DRP participants for each share of Class C Common Stock purchased through the DRP. The Second Amended and Restated DRP was effective beginning with distributions paid in February 2022. From February 2022 through December 31, 2022, we issued 179,502 shares of Class C Common Stock under the DRP. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 2022 Share Repurchase Program 
 On February 15, 2022, our board of directors authorized up to 20,000,000 in repurchases of our outstanding shares of common stock through December 31, 2022. Repurchases made pursuant to the program were authorized to be made from time-to-time in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or in any other manner as permitted by federal securities laws and other legal requirements. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases were determined by us in our discretion and were subject to economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable legal requirements and other factors. From February 15, 2022 through December 31, 2022, we repurchased a total of 250,153 shares of our common stock for a total of 4,161,618 at an average cost of approximately 16.64 per share under this share repurchase program. These shares are held as treasury stock and presented as a component of equity in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statement of equity included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our last share repurchases during the year ended December 31, 2022 were made on December 30, 2022, the last trading day of 2022. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our repurchase activity under our share repurchase program for our Class C Common Stock for the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Repurchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Repurchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares That May Yet be Repurchased Under the Plans or Programs October 2022 16,042,248 November 2022 3,736 11.00 3,736 16,001,150 December 2022 13,272 12.26 13,272 15,838,382 Total 17,008 11.99 17,008 
 2023 Share Repurchase Program 
 On December 21, 2022, our board of directors authorized up to 15,000,000 in repurchases of our outstanding shares of Class C Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock from January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Repurchase Program ). Repurchases may be made through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or other methods of acquiring shares permitted by applicable law, and the amount and timing of any repurchases will be dependent on various factors, including market conditions and corporate and regulatory considerations. Repurchases may also be made pursuant to a plan adopted under Rule 10b5-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Repurchases made pursuant to the 2023 Repurchase Program are subject to compliance with covenants and other restrictions set forth in our Credit Agreement with KeyBank and the other lending institutions party thereto. The program expires on December 31, 2023, and it may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows together with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Also, see Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements preceding Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our audited consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On a regular basis, we evaluate these estimates. These estimates are based on management s historical industry experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a Maryland corporation with issued and outstanding stock consisting of Series A Preferred Stock, publicly traded on the NYSE under the symbol MDV.PA, and Class C Common Stock, publicly traded on the NYSE under the symbol MDV. We currently own and manage single-tenant net-lease industrial, retail and office properties throughout the United States, with a focus on future acquisitions of critical industrial manufacturing properties with long-term leases to tenants that fuel the national economy and strengthen the nation's supply chains, while reducing the number of office and retail properties in our portfolio. We elected to be taxed as a REIT for federal income tax purposes beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2016. We believe that we have operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Through various transactions, including the Merger, we created one of the largest non-listed REITs to be raised via crowdfunding technology. Since December 31, 2019, we have been internally managed, as further described below. Driven by an investor-first focus and an experienced management team, Modiv leveraged its history as a real estate crowdfunding pioneer to create an approximate 535 million (based on estimated fair value) real estate portfolio comprised of approximately 3.2 million square feet of income-producing real estate. As of December 31, 2022, we have a portfolio of 46 commercial real estate properties 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 in 17 states, comprised of 27 industrial properties, including our approximate 72.7 TIC Interest in a 91,740 square foot Santa Clara, California industrial property, 12 retail properties and 7 office properties (including one held for sale) as discussed in Notes 3 and 4 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As of December 31, 2022, after reflecting lease extensions through the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, 48 of our tenants (based on ABR) are investment grade, our ABR was 33,667,366, all of our properties are 100 leased and our WALT was 11.9 years. 
 Although we are not limited as to the form our investments may take, our investments in real estate will generally constitute acquiring fee title or interests in entities that own and operate real estate. We will make substantially all acquisitions of our real estate investments directly through the Operating Partnership or indirectly through limited liability companies or limited partnerships, including through other REITs, or through investments in joint ventures, partnerships, tenants-in-common, co-tenancies or other co-ownership arrangements with other owners of properties, some of which may be affiliated with us or our executive officers or directors. We are the sole general partner of, and owned an approximate 73 partnership interest in the Operating Partnership on December 31, 2022. The Operating Partnership s limited partners include holders of several classes of units with various vesting and enhancement terms as further described in Note 12 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We report with the SEC as a smaller reporting company under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Self-Management T ra nsaction and Merger on December 31, 2019 
 Through December 31, 2019, we were externally managed by our former external advisor. On December 31, 2019, we acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of our former external advisor and our former sponsor in exchange for Class M OP Units. As a result of such acquisition, we became self-managed and eliminated all fees for acquisitions, dispositions and management of our properties, which were previously paid to our former external advisor. 
 On December 31, 2019, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, REIT I merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub surviving as our direct, wholly-owned subsidiary. As a result, we issued 2,680,740 shares of our Class C Common Stock to former stockholders of REIT I. On December 31, 2020, Merger Sub was merged into the Operating Partnership and ceased to exist. 
 Common Stock Offerings and Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 Since our initial registered offering of common stock was declared effective by the SEC in 2016,we have raised an aggregate of 212,086,682 pursuant to: (i) non-listed offerings of common stock registered with the SEC, (ii) offerings of common stock exempt from registration pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act, (iii) DRP offerings of common stock registered with the SEC, (iv) the Private Offering, (v) the Reg A Offering and (vi) the Listed Offering. 
 On December 8, 2021, we filed with the SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-261529), and, on February 9, 2022, we filed with the SEC Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, in connection with the Listed Offering of our Class C Common Stock, which became effective on February 10, 2021. In connection with and upon the listing on the NYSE, each share of our Class S Common Stock converted into a share of Class C Common Stock. Our Listed Offering of Class C Common Stock closed on February 15, 2022. In connection with our Listed Offering, we sold 40,000 shares of our Class C Common Stock at 25.00 per share to a major stockholder who was formerly a related party. 
 On January 22, 2021, we filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-252321) to reflect our amended and restated DRP and register a maximum of 100,000,000 in share value of Class C Common Stock to be issued pursuant to our amended and restated DRP. We commenced offering shares of Class C Common Stock pursuant to the Registered DRP Offering on January 27, 2021. 
 On February 15, 2022, our board of directors approved the Second Amended and Restated DRP to change the purchase price at which the Class C Common Stock is issued to stockholders who elect to participate in the DRP, and we filed a Post-Effective Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-3. The purpose of this change was to reflect the fact that our Class C Common Stock is now listed on the NYSE and no longer priced based on our most-recently determined estimated NAV per share. As more fully described in the Second Amended and Restated DRP, the purchase price for our Class C Common Stock under the DRP depends on whether we issue new shares to DRP participants or we or any third-party administrator obtains shares to be issued to DRP participants by purchasing them in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. We expect to continue issuing our monthly distributions and maintain the ability for investors to reinvest their distributions under our Registered DRP Offering. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 The purchase price for the Class C Common Stock issued directly by us is 97 , reflecting a 3 discount (or such other discount as may then be in effect) of the Market Price (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated DRP) of our Class C Common Stock. This discount is subject to change from time to time, in our sole discretion, but will be between 0 to 5 of the Market Price. The purchase price for the Class C Common Stock that we or any third-party administrator purchases from parties other than our Company, either in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, will be 100 of the average price per share (as described in the Second Amended and Restated DRP) actually paid for such shares of Class C Common Stock, excluding any processing fees. The Second Amended and Restated DRP also reflects the 0.05 per share processing fee that will be paid by DRP participants for each share of Class C Common Stock purchased through the DRP. The Second Amended and Restated DRP was effective beginning with distributions paid in February 2022. From February 2022 through December 31, 2022, we issued 179,502 shares of Class C Common Stock under the DRP. 
 On March 30, 2022, we filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-263985), and on May 27, 2022, we filed Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3, to issue and sell from time to time, together or separately, the following securities at an aggregate public offering price that will not exceed 200,000,000: Class C Common Stock, preferred stock, warrants, rights and units. The Form S-3, as amended, became effective on June 2, 2022 and we filed a prospectus supplement for our ATM Offering of up to 50,000,000 of our Class C Common Stock on June 6, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, no shares have been issued in connection with our ATM Offering. 
 Preferred Stock Offering 
 On September 14, 2021, we and the Operating Partnership entered into an underwriting agreement (the Preferred Stock Underwriting Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc., as representative of the underwriters listed on Schedule I thereto (collectively, the Preferred Stock Underwriters ), pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell 1,800,000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock in an underwritten public offering (the Preferred Offering at a price per share of 25.00. In addition, we granted the Preferred Stock Underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 200,000 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, which the Preferred Stock Underwriters exercised in full on September 16, 2021. The issuance and sale of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, including the issuance and sale of an additional 200,000 shares pursuant to the Preferred Stock Underwriters full exercise of their option to purchase additional shares, closed on September 17, 2021. The gross proceeds from the Preferred Offering were 50,000,000 and the net proceeds were 47,607,309, after deducting the underwriting discount of 1,575,000 and other offering expenses of 817,691, which included the structuring fee of 250,000 (see Note 9 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information). 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Generally, our cash requirements for property acquisitions, debt payments and refinancings, capital expenditures and other investments will be funded by bank borrowings from financial institutions, mortgage indebtedness on our properties, assets sales and internally generated funds or offerings of shares of Class C Common Stock. Our cash requirements for operating and interest expenses and dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock and distributions on our Class C Common Stock will be funded by internally generated funds. 
 Credit Facility 
 On January 18, 2022, our Operating Partnership entered into a 250,000,000 Credit Agreement providing for a 100,000,000 four-year Revolver, which may be extended by up to 12 months subject to certain conditions, and a 150,000,000 five-year Term Loan with KeyBank and the other lending institutions party thereto (collectively, the Lenders ), including KeyBank as Agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the Agent ), BMO Capital Markets, Truist Bank and The Huntington National Bank as Co-Syndication Agents (the Co-Syndication Agents and KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., BMO Capital Markets, Inc., Truist Securities, Inc. and The Huntington National Bank as Joint-Lead Arrangers (the Lead Arrangers ). The Credit Facility is available for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, acquisitions, repayment of existing indebtedness and capital expenditures. On October 21, 2022, we exercised the accordion feature of our Credit Agreement and increased the Credit Facility from 250,000,000 to 400,000,000 as further described below. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 The Credit Facility is priced on a leverage-based grid that fluctuates based on our actual leverage ratio at the end of the prior quarter. With our leverage ratio at 38 as of September 30, 2022, the spread over SOFR, including a 10-basis point credit adjustment, is 165 basis points and the interest rate on the Revolver was 5.96 as of December 31, 2022. We also pay an annual unused fee of up to 25 basis points on the Revolver, depending on the daily amount of the unused commitment, and paid total unused fees of 200,578 for the year ended December 31, 2022. On May 10, 2022, we entered into a swap agreement, effective May 31, 2022, to fix SOFR at 2.258 with respect to our original 150,000,000 Term Loan as described in Note 8 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K , which resulted in a fixed interest rate of 3.858 on the first 150,000,000 of our Term Loan based on our leverage ratio of 38 . 
 On October 21, 2022, we exercised the accordion feature of our Credit Facility and increased the Credit Facility to 400,000,000, comprised of a 150,000,000 Revolver and a 250,000,000 Term Loan. The Credit Facility includes an updated accordion option that allows us to request additional Revolver and Term Loan lender commitments up to a total of 750,000,000 subject to customary conditions, including the receipt of new commitments from the Lenders. On December 20, 2022, the Credit Agreement was amended to allow us to draw on the additional 100,000,000 Term Loan commitment up to five times between December 20, 2022 and April 19, 2023 in exchange for a quarterly unused fee, which amounted to 6,944 during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. The maturities for our Revolver and Term Loan remain unchanged with the Revolver s maturity in January 2026 with options to extend for a total of 12 months, and the Term Loan s maturity in January 2027. We paid lender fees of 1,378,125 in connection with the expansion of our Credit Facility. 
 On October 26, 2022, we entered into a swap agreement, effective November 30, 2022, to fix SOFR at 3.44 with respect to our expanded Term Loan as described in Note 8 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K , which would result in a fixed interest rate of 5.04 on the additional 100,000,000 to be borrowed under the Term Loan based on our leverage ratio of 38 as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Credit Facility includes customary representations, warranties and covenants, including covenants regarding minimum fixed charge coverage of 1.50x, minimum tangible net worth of 208,629,727 plus 85 of net offering proceeds after January 18, 2022, and maximum consolidated leverage of 60 . We were in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2022. The Credit Facility is secured by a pledge of all of the Operating Partnership s equity interests in certain of the single-purpose, property-owning entities (the Subsidiary Guarantors that are indirectly owned by us, and various cash collateral owned by the Operating Partnership and the Subsidiary Guarantors. In connection with the Credit Facility, we and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors entered into an Unconditional Guaranty of Payment and Performance in favor of the Agent, pursuant to which we and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors agreed to guarantee the full and prompt payment of the Operating Partnership s obligations under the Credit Agreement. 
 While the Credit Facility allows for borrowings of up to 60 of our borrowing base, we are targeting leverage of 40 or lower over the long-term once we achieve scale; however, we will consider higher leverage in the near-term if we identify attractive acquisition opportunities in advance of completing dispositions or raising additional equity. As of December 31, 2022, our leverage ratio was 38 . 
 Credit Facility Drawdown and Repayments 
 On January 18, 2022, we borrowed 155,775,000 from our Credit Facility consisting of 100,000,000 under the Term Loan and 55,775,000 under the Revolver. We used a portion of the proceeds from the Credit Facility to pay total commitment and arrangement fees of 2,020,000 to the Agent, the Lenders, the Lead Arrangers and Co-Syndication Agents. 
 We used a portion of the proceeds from the Credit Facility to repay 20 property mortgages, and related interest aggregating 153,428,764, including the 36,465,449 mortgage on the KIA auto dealership property which was acquired on January 18, 2022, as discussed above, and our prior line of credit outstanding balance of 8,022,000. The 20 mortgages that were paid off were for the following 27 properties: eight Dollar Generals, Northrop Grumman, exp Maitland, Wyndham, Williams Sonoma, EMCOR, Husqvarna, AvAir, 3M, Cummins, Levins, Labcorp, GSA (MHSA), PreK Education, ITW Rippey, Solar Turbines, WSP USA (formerly Wood Group), Gap, L3Harris and Walgreens. After the 20 property mortgages were paid-off, seven property mortgages as of December 31, 2021 remained outstanding, including four property mortgages related to assets held for sale. Those four mortgages were paid-off pursuant to sales of the properties in February 2022 as discussed below under - Sale of Real Estate Investment s. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 On March 8, 2022, we prepaid 35,000,000 of the outstanding balance on the Revolver with cash on hand in order to reduce interest expense, and on April 19, 2022, we drew 44,000,000 on the Revolver to fund the acquisition of the Lindsay properties. On April 25, 2022, we drew the remaining 50,000,000 on the Term Loan for a repayment on the Revolver and we also repaid 8,000,000 on the Revolver on June 22, 2022. We borrowed and repaid 28,000,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2022 in connection with acquisitions completed in July and August 2022 and dispositions completed in August and September 2022. We used proceeds from the Sutter Health early termination fee to prepay 3,775,000 on the Revolver in December 2022 and prepaid the remaining 3,000,000 Revolver balance on January 5, 2023 with the proceeds from the December 30, 2022 sale of our Raising Cane s property. In January 2023, we borrowed 10,000,000 under the Term Loan to fund our acquisition of the property leased to Plastic Products Company, Inc. and for general corporate purposes. As of February 28, 2023, we had availability under the Credit Facility, prior to any new properties being added to the borrowing base, of approximately 85,000,000 which can be drawn for general corporate purposes, including future acquisitions. 
 While we intend for the Credit Facility to be our primary source of financing, we may continue to use mortgage debt financing for certain real estate investments and acquisitions. This financing may be obtained at the time an asset is acquired or an investment is made or at such later time as determined to be appropriate. In addition, debt financing may be used from time-to-time for property improvements, lease inducements, tenant improvements and other working capital needs. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of our mortgage notes payable on our operating properties was 44,515,009, and the outstanding principal balances of our Revolver and Term Loan were 3,000,000 and 150,000,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, our approximate 72.7 pro-rata share of the TIC Interest s mortgage note payable was 9,487,515, which is not included in our consolidated balance sheets in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We had 8,608,649 of cash and no restricted cash as of December 31, 2022, as reported in our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our cash and restricted cash, along with 150,000,000 of available capacity on our Revolver and 90,000,000 of available capacity on our Term Loan as of February 28, 2023, subject to our borrowing base covenant, along with proceeds from any future offerings of shares of Class C Common Stock, will primarily be used to invest in real estate and real estate-related investments or to re-lease and reposition our properties in accordance with our investment strategy and policies, including costs and fees associated with such investments, such as capital expenditures, tenant improvement costs and leasing costs. We also may use a portion of the proceeds from our offerings for payment of principal on our outstanding indebtedness, reserves required by financings of our real estate investments and for general corporate purposes. 
 Sale of Real Estate Investments 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold eight real estate properties as follows: 
 Property Location Disposition Date Property Type Rentable Square Feet Contract Sale Price Gain on Sale Bon Secours Richmond, VA 2/11/2022 Office 72,890 10,200,000 28,595 Omnicare Richmond, VA 2/11/2022 Flex 51,800 8,760,000 1,890,624 Texas Health Dallas, TX 2/11/2022 Office 38,794 7,040,000 87,480 Accredo Orlando, FL 2/24/2022 Office 63,000 14,000,000 4,868,387 EMCOR Cincinnati, OH 6/29/2022 Office 39,385 6,525,000 720,071 Williams Sonoma Summerlin, NV 8/26/2022 Office 35,867 9,300,000 1,624,936 Wyndham Summerlin, NV 9/16/2022 Office 41,390 12,900,000 2,307,093 Raising Cane's San Antonio, TX 12/30/2022 Retail 3,853 4,313,045 669,185 Totals 346,979 73,038,045 12,196,371 
 On February 11, 2022, we completed the sale of two medical office properties in Dallas, Texas and Richmond, Virginia leased to Texas Health and Bon Secours, respectively, and one flex property in Richmond, Virginia leased to Omnicare for an aggregate sales price of 26,000,000, which generated net proceeds of 11,892,305 after payment of commissions, closing costs and existing mortgages. 
 On February 24, 2022, we completed the sale of a medical office property in Orlando, Florida leased to Accredo for a sales price of 14,000,000, which generated net proceeds of 5,012,724 after payment of commissions, closing costs and repayment of the existing mortgage. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 On June 29, 2022, we completed the sale of an office property in Cincinnati, Ohio leased to EMCOR for a sales price of 6,525,000, which generated net proceeds of 6,345,642 after payment of commissions and closing costs. 
 On August 26, 2022, we completed the sale of an office property in Summerlin, Nevada leased to Williams Sonoma for a sales price of 9,300,000, which generated net proceeds of 8,964,252 after payment of commissions and closing costs. 
 On September 16, 2022, we completed the sale of an office property in Summerlin, Nevada leased to Wyndham for a sales price of 12,900,000, which generated net proceeds of 12,267,571 after payment of commissions and closing costs. 
 On December 30, 2022, we completed the sale of a retail property in San Antonio, Texas leased to Raising Cane's for a sales price of 4,313,045, which generated net proceeds of 4,173,283 after payment of commissions and closing costs. 
 
 Funds from Operations and Adjusted Funds from Operations 
 In order to provide a more complete understanding of the operating performance of a REIT, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts Nareit promulgated a measure known as Funds from Operations FFO ). FFO is defined as net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding extraordinary items, as defined by GAAP, and gains and losses from sales of depreciable operating property, plus real estate-related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs and depreciation of non-real estate assets), and after adjustment for unconsolidated partnerships, joint ventures, preferred dividends and real estate impairments. Because FFO calculations adjust for such items as depreciation and amortization of real estate assets and gains and losses from sales of operating real estate assets (which can vary among owners of identical assets in similar conditions based on historical cost accounting and useful-life estimates), they facilitate comparisons of operating performance between periods and between other REITs. As a result, we believe that the use of FFO, together with the required GAAP presentations, provides a more complete understanding of our performance relative to our competitors and a more informed and appropriate basis on which to make decisions involving operating, financing, and investing activities. It should be noted, however, that other REITs may not define FFO in accordance with the current Nareit definition or may interpret the current Nareit definition differently than we do, making comparisons less meaningful. 
 Additionally, we use AFFO as a non-GAAP financial measure to evaluate our operating performance. AFFO excludes non-routine and certain non-cash items such as revenues in excess of cash received, amortization of stock-based compensation, deferred rent, amortization of in-place lease valuation intangibles, deferred financing fees, gain or loss from the extinguishment of debt, unrealized gains (losses) on derivative instruments, write-offs of transaction costs and other one-time transactions. We also believe that AFFO is a recognized measure of sustainable operating performance of the REIT industry. Further, we believe AFFO is useful in comparing the sustainability of our operating performance with the sustainability of the operating performance of other real estate companies. Management believes that AFFO is a beneficial indicator of our ongoing portfolio performance and ability to sustain our current distribution level. More specifically, AFFO isolates the financial results of our operations. AFFO, however, is not considered an appropriate measure of historical earnings as it excludes certain significant costs that are otherwise included in reported earnings. Further, since the measure is based on historical financial information, AFFO for the period presented may not be indicative of future results or our future ability to pay our dividends. By providing FFO and AFFO, we present information that assists investors in aligning their analysis with management s analysis of long-term operating activities. 
 For all of these reasons, we believe the non-GAAP measures of FFO and AFFO, in addition to income (loss) from operations, net income (loss) and cash flows from operating activities, as defined by GAAP, are helpful supplemental performance measures and useful to investors in evaluating the performance of our real estate portfolio. However, a material limitation associated with FFO and AFFO is that they are not indicative of our cash available to fund distributions since other uses of cash, such as capital expenditures at our properties and principal payments of debt, are not deducted when calculating FFO and AFFO. AFFO is useful in assisting management and investors in assessing our ongoing ability to generate cash flow from operations and continue as a going concern in future operating periods. However, FFO and AFFO are not useful measures in evaluating NAV because impairments are taken into account in determining NAV but not in determining FFO and AFFO. Therefore, FFO and AFFO should not be viewed as a more prominent measure of performance than income (loss) from operations, net income (loss) or cash flows from operating activities and each should be reviewed in connection with GAAP measurements. 
 Neither the SEC, Nareit, nor any other applicable regulatory body has opined on the acceptability of the adjustments contemplated to adjust FFO in order to calculate AFFO and its use as a non-GAAP performance measure. In the future, the SEC or Nareit may decide to standardize the allowable exclusions across the REIT industry, and we may have to adjust the calculation and characterization of this non-GAAP measure. Furthermore, as described in Note 12 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the conversion ratios for Class M OP Units, Class P OP Units and Class R OP Units can increase if the specified performance hurdles are achieved, which would increase the fully-diluted weighted average shares outstanding. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 The following are the calculations of FFO and AFFO for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss in accordance with GAAP (4,511,318) (435,505) Preferred stock dividends (3,687,500) (1,065,278) Net loss attributable to common stockholders and Class C OP Unit holders (8,198,818) (1,500,783) FFO adjustments: Add: Depreciation and amortization 14,929,574 13,710,588 Amortization of deferred lease incentives 412,098 245,438 Depreciation and amortization for unconsolidated investment in a real estate property 777,041 735,335 Impairment of real estate investment 2,080,727 Less: Gain on sale of real estate investments, net (12,196,371) (6,136,588) (1) Reversal of impairment of real estate investment (400,999) FFO attributable to common stockholders and Class C OP Unit holders (2,195,749) 6,652,991 AFFO adjustments: Add: Amortization of corporate intangibles 1,556,348 Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 17,320,857 3,767,190 Non-recurring corporate relocation costs 500,000 Stock compensation 2,401,022 2,744,881 Deferred financing costs 1,649,929 369,286 Non-recurring loan prepayment penalties 615,336 Swap termination costs 733,000 23,900 Amortization of above-market lease intangibles 197,224 129,823 Due diligence expenses, including abandoned pursuit costs 661,222 696,825 Less: Amortization of deferred rents (3,237,482) (1,478,818) Unrealized gains on interest rate swaps, net (813,750) (970,039) Amortization of below-market lease intangibles (1,202,711) (1,462,797) Gain on forgiveness of economic relief note payable (517,000) Other adjustments for unconsolidated investment in a real estate property 5,251 (62,776) AFFO 16,634,149 11,449,814 Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 7,487,204 7,544,834 Weighted average shares outstanding - fully diluted (2) 10,225,850 8,780,131 FFO Per Share: Basic (0.29) 0.88 Fully Diluted (0.29) 0.76 AFFO Per Share: Basic 2.22 1.52 Fully Diluted 1.63 1.30 
 (1) Straight-line rent receivable write-offs related to sale of real estate investments for the year ended December 31, 2021 amounting to 1,667,114 were reclassified from rental income to gain on sale of real estate investments, net to conform with the current year presentation (see Note 2 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more details on such reclassification). 
 (2) Includes the Class M, Class P and Class R OP Units to compute the weighted average number of shares. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Distributions 
 Historically, the sources of cash used to pay our distributions have been from net rental income received and the waiver and deferral of management fees by our former advisor through December 31, 2019. 
 A table of distributions declared, distributions paid out, the impact on cash flows from operations and the source of distribution payments is disclosed in Part II, Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities - Distribution Information . 
 We expect that our board of directors will continue to declare distributions based on a single record date as of the end of each month and to pay these distributions on a monthly basis. Distributions will be determined by our board of directors based on our financial condition and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. We have not established a minimum dividend or distribution level, and our charter does not require that we make dividends or distributions to our stockholders other than as necessary to meet REIT qualification standards. 
 
 Cash Flow Summary 
 The following table summarizes our cash flow activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 16,648,821 9,728,685 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (61,063,193) 21,830,288 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (5,384,499) 18,471,017 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 The cash provided by operating activities of 16,648,821 for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily reflects adjustments to our net loss of 4,511,318 to exclude net non-cash charges of 23,209,673 related to depreciation and amortization, impairment of goodwill, impairment of real estate property, stock compensation expense, amortization of deferred financing costs and premium, write-off of purchase deposit, amortization of deferred lease incentives, and amortization of above market lease intangibles, which were partially offset by gain on sale of real estate investments, write-off of unrealized gain on interest rate swaps, amortization of below-market lease intangibles, amortization of deferred rents and undistributed income from our unconsolidated investment in a real estate property. Cash provided by operations also included distributions from our unconsolidated investment in real estate property of 211,921. The cash provided by operations was also offset in part by cash used to fund changes in operating assets and liabilities of 2,261,455 during the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to increases in tenant receivables and prepaid expenses and a decrease in accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities. 
 The cash provided by operating activities of 9,728,685 for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily reflects adjustments to our net loss of 435,505 to exclude net non-cash charges of 12,948,386 related to depreciation and amortization, impairment of intangible assets, stock compensation expense, amortization of deferred financing incentives, amortization of above-market lease intangibles and amortization of deferred rents, which were partially offset by gain on sale of real estate investments, amortization of below-market lease intangibles, unrealized gain on interest rate swap valuation, gain on forgiveness of economic relief note payable, reversal of impairment of real estate property and undistributed income from our unconsolidated investment in a real estate property. Cash provided by operations also included distributions from our unconsolidated investment in real estate property of 337,072. The cash provided by operations was offset in part by cash used to fund changes in operating assets and liabilities of 3,121,268 during the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to increases in note receivable and prepaid expenses and other assets, partially offset by a decrease in tenant receivables and an increase in accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities. 
 We continue to expect that our cash flows from operating activities will be positive in the next 12 months; however, there can be no assurance that this expectation will be realized. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 61,063,193 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and consisted primarily of the following: 
 127,144,030 for acquisitions of 16 real estate properties; 
 4,353,938 for capitalized costs for improvements to existing real estate properties; and 
 2,148,731 for payments of lease incentives. 
 These uses were partially offset by: 
 70,662,287 of proceeds from sales of eight real estate properties; 
 1,836,767 from collection of receivable for early termination of lease; and 
 84,452 from a refundable purchase deposit. 
 Net cash provided by investing activities was 21,830,288 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and consisted primarily of the following: 
 37,719,998 of proceeds from sales of five real estate properties; and 
 1,824,383 from collection of a note receivable from the sale of real estate property. 
 These proceeds were partially offset by: 
 15,162,305 for acquisitions of two real estate properties; 
 1,356,038 for capitalized costs for improvements to existing real estate properties; 
 1,000,000 for a refundable purchase deposit; and 
 195,750 for additions to intangible assets. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 5,384,499 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and consisted primarily of the following: 
 130,496,746 of mortgage note principal payments upon entering into the Credit Facility and the sale of four real estate properties; 
 5,857,849 of cash distributions paid to common stockholders; 
 1,383,433 of cash distributions paid to the Class C OP Unit holder; 
 3,830,903 of cash dividends paid to preferred stockholders; 
 4,161,618 used for repurchases of common stock; 
 3,638,229 of deferred financing cost payments; and 
 1,108,221 for payments of offering costs. 
 These uses were partially offset by: 
 150,000,000 of proceeds from borrowings on our Term Loan; 
 3,000,000 of net proceeds from our Revolver, more than offset by repayment of 8,022,000 on the prior credit facility with Banc of California (the Prior Credit Facility and 
 114,500 of net proceeds from issuance of common stock in the Listed Offering. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 18,471,017 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and consisted primarily of the following: 
 47,607,309 of net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock; 
 4,336,086 of proceeds from issuance of common stock; 
 25,436,000 of proceeds from refinancing of mortgage notes payable; 
 2,022,000 of proceeds from borrowings on our prior credit facility revolver, net; and 
 18,804 of refundable loan deposits made. 
 These proceeds were partially offset by: 
 36,569,537 of mortgage notes principal payments and deferred financing cost payments of 404,971 to third parties; 
 19,082,962 used for repurchases of shares under our prior share repurchase programs; 
 3,473,378 of cash distributions paid to common stockholders; and 
 1,418,334 for offering costs. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned (i) 46 operating properties (including one property held for sale); (ii) one parcel of land which currently serves as an easement to one of our industrial properties; and (iii) the TIC Interest. We acquired 16 and two operating properties in 2022 and 2021, respectively. We sold eight and five operating properties in 2022 and 2021, respectively, in accordance with our strategic plan to reduce our exposure to office and retail properties and increase our WALT by acquiring primarily industrial manufacturing properties generally with lease terms of 15+ years. We expect that rental income, depreciation and amortization expense and interest expense will be higher on a year-over-year basis in 2023 due to our planned acquisitions. Our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 are not indicative of those expected in future periods as we have significant unused capacity on our Credit Facility and expect to continue to acquire additional operating properties. We can provide no assurance that our plans for acquisitions, if any, will be successful in the near term. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic's impact on the economy appears to have diminished and the general commercial real estate market appears to be recovering from COVID-19 impacts except for a continuing impact on commercial office properties due to the prevalence of employees working from home. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused and may continue to cause significant disruption to certain tenants' business operations which may impact our results of operations and cash flows in ways that remain unpredictable in the foreseeable future; for example, increased demand for work-from-home arrangements resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic may adversely impact the operations of our office properties. Additionally, a resurgence of COVID-19, including any future variants and resistance to currently available vaccines, or any future outbreak of other highly infectious or contagious diseases, could materially and adversely impact or disrupt our business operations, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and performance. 
 We, our tenants and operating partners are also impacted by inflation and rising interest rates. According to the U.S. Labor Department, the annual inflation rate for the U.S. was 6 and 7 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the highest increases since June 1982. As a result, the Federal Reserve is expected to continue raising interest rates to try to rein in inflation, which may lead to a recession and will negatively impact our future results due to higher borrowing costs on any floating rate borrowing. However, as of February 28, 2023, 100 of our outstanding debt is at fixed rates as a result of the swap agreements entered into in May 2022 and October 2022. Furthermore, the prolonged Russia-Ukraine conflict, as well as further retaliatory sanctions from the U.S. and its allies to Russia, may also exacerbate the already high inflation, continue to rattle the global economies and markets and worsen the fragile global supply chain. 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Rental Income 
 Rental income, including tenant reimbursements, was 46,174,267 and 37,889,831 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Rental income during 2022 and 2021 included early termination fee revenue of 3,751,984 and 1,381,767, respectively. The 2022 early termination fee was related to an office property in Rancho Cordova, California leased to Sutter Health, which was subsequently leased to OES effective January 4, 2023, and the 2021 early termination fee was related to an industrial property in Cedar Park, Texas, leased to Dana Incorporated which was sold on July 7, 2021 (see Note 3 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more details on such transactions). 
 Excluding the early termination fee revenue in 2022 and 2021, rental income increased by 5,914,219, or 16 , as compared to 2021 primarily reflecting the rental income contribution from our acquisition of 16 properties during 2022, including the KIA auto dealership property in Carson, California in January 2022, and our acquisition of eight industrial properties leased to Lindsay Precast in April 2022, which contributed approximately 12.4 and 8.0 of our total rental income during 2022, respectively. Rental income from our 16 acquisitions in 2022, together with the rental income contributions of two properties acquired during the second half of 2021, was partially offset by the decrease in rental income from the sale of 13 non-core properties over the last 24 months. Our acquisitions and dispositions are detailed in Note 3 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Pursuant to most of our lease agreements, tenants are required to pay or reimburse all or a portion of the property operating expenses. Rental income includes tenant reimbursements of 6,596,244 and 5,807,634 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The ABR of the operating properties owned as of December 31, 2022 was 33,667,366. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses were 7,812,057 and 9,715,067 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease of 1,903,010, or 20 , year-over-year primarily reflects personnel reductions and the resulting decrease in compensation to employees, reduced costs for technology services following our exit from the crowdfunding business in the first quarter of 2022 and reduced costs for professional services during the current year. 
 Stock Compensation Expense 
 Stock compensation expense was 2,401,022 and 2,744,881 for the years December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease of 343,859, or 13 , as compared with the prior year primarily reflects forfeitures related to employee terminations and resignations during the second half of 2021 and the first and third quarters of 2022. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 14,929,574 and 15,266,936, respectively. The purchase price of the acquired properties was allocated to tangible assets, identifiable intangibles and assumed liabilities and is being depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful lives. The decrease of 337,362, or 2 , year-over-year primarily reflects the absence of amortization of corporate intangibles of 1,556,347 in 2021. The corporate intangibles were impaired during the fourth quarter of 2021 in connection with our decision to exit the crowdfunding business. The absence of amortization of corporate intangibles during the current year was partially offset by the net increase on depreciation expense for acquisitions in excess of dispositions compared with the prior year. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense includes interest paid or payable to lenders on our property mortgages and Credit Facility, related amortization of deferred financing costs and unrealized gains and losses on swap valuations. Interest expense was 8,106,658 and 7,586,197 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (see Note 7 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the detail of the components of interest expense). On January 18, 2022, we used funds from our initial borrowing from our Credit Facility to pay off 20 existing property mortgages on 27 properties, the 36,465,449 mortgage on the KIA auto dealership property which we acquired on January 18, 2022 and repayment of our Prior Credit Facility and related interest, aggregating 153,428,764. In addition, four interest rate swap agreements related to four property mortgages were terminated in connection with the prepayment of the property mortgages. The increase in interest expense of 520,461, or 7 , year-over-year was primarily due to the year-over-year decrease in gains on interest rate swaps of 821,996, partially offset by the year-over-year decrease in interest expense paid or payable to the lenders and amortization of deferred financing costs. Following the purchase of a second interest rate swap on October 26, 2022, effective November 30, 2022, we have fixed our 250,000,000 Term Loan (including the additional 100,000,000 Term Loan commitment available as a result of our exercise of the accordion feature of our Credit Facility) at a weighted average interest rate of 4.33 when our leverage ratio is no more than 40 . The weighted average interest rate on our total debt outstanding of approximately 204.5 million as of February 28, 2023 is 4.05 based on our leverage ratio of 38 as of December 31, 2022. 
 Property Expenses 
 Property expenses were 8,899,626 and 6,880,993 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These expenses primarily relate to property taxes and repairs and maintenance expenses, the majority of which are reimbursed by tenants, along with write offs of legal and due diligence costs for abandoned pursuits of acquisitions. The increase of 2,018,633, or 29 , year-over-year primarily reflects increases in repairs and maintenance, property management fees and property taxes, the majority of which are reimbursed by tenants. 
 Impairment (Reversal of Impairment) of Real Estate Investment Property 
 Impairment of investment in real estate property of 2,080,727 for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflects an impairment charge for a property located in Rocklin, California leased to Gap through February 28, 2023. We determined that the impairment charge was required, based on efforts initiated during the fourth quarter of 2022 to sell the property and its reclassification to asset held for sale as of December 31, 2022 (see Note 3 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details). Reversal of impairment of investment in real estate property of 400,999 for the year ended December 31, 2021 reflects an adjustment to reduce the impairment charge recorded in December 2020 for the property located in Bedford, Texas due to its reclassification from held for sale to held for investment and use in June 2021. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Impairment charges for non-property intangible assets were 17,320,857 and 3,767,190 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The impairment of goodwill of 17,320,857 for year ended December 31, 2022 reflects the significant decline in the market value of our common stock since it began trading on the NYSE in February 2022. During the first quarter of 2022, management considered the fact that the trading price of our common stock caused our market capitalization to be below the book value of our equity as of March 31, 2022. Our stock price is materially below both our historical net asset value and the book value of our equity, reflecting the negative impacts of rising inflation and interest rates, declining office occupancy rates affecting owners of real estate properties and fears of a potential recession. We, therefore, reduced the carrying value of goodwill to zero as of March 31, 2022 (see Note 5 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details). The impairment of intangible assets of 3,767,190 for the year ended December 31, 2021 relates to the unamortized balance of intangible assets used to raise equity capital through our crowdfunding activities which were abandoned when we planned our Listed Offering in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Gain on Sale of Real Estate Investments, Net 
 The gain on sale of real estate investments, net was 12,196,371 and 6,136,588 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and relates to the sale of eight properties (six office, one flex and one retail) during the year ended December 31, 2022 and five properties (four retail and one industrial) during the year ended December 31, 2021 (see Note 3 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more details on the gain on sale of real estate investments). Our 2022 and 2021 sales of real estate investments were primarily due to our strategic plan to reduce our exposure to office and retail properties and acquire industrial manufacturing properties with longer lease terms. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Interest income was 21,910 and 21,328 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Income from unconsolidated investment in a real estate property was 278,002 and 276,042 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This represents our approximate 72.7 TIC Interest in the Santa Clara, California property's results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Gain on forgiveness of economic relief note payable of 517,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 reflects the forgiveness in February 2021 of our economic relief note payable of 517,000 obtained in April 2020 under the terms of the Paycheck Protection Program of the Small Business Administration. There was no gain on forgiveness of economic relief note payable for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt of 1,725,318 for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflects non-cash charges of 1,164,998 for deferred financing costs and prepayment penalties of 615,336 upon repayment of 20 mortgages on 27 properties, full repayment of our Prior Credit Facility and mortgage repayments related to four asset sales, as well as 733,000 of swap termination fees related to the four mortgage refinancings which were offset by the related write-off of unrealized swap valuation losses of 788,016 (see Notes 7 and 8 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more details). There was no loss on early extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Other income of 93,971 and 283,971 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily reflects our monthly management fee from the entities that own the TIC Interest property which is equal to 0.1 of the total investment value of the property. The total management fee was 263,971 for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, of which our portion of expense relating to the TIC Interest was 191,933 for each year and is reflected as a component of income from unconsolidated investment in a real estate property in our accompanying consolidated statements of operations included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Quarterly Data 
 Our quarterly operating results have fluctuated significantly in the past and will likely continue to do so in the future as a result of ongoing property acquisitions and dispositions and various other factors as more fully described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. The following table sets forth certain unaudited quarterly historical financial data for each of the eight quarters in the two years ended December 31, 2022. This unaudited quarterly information has been prepared on the same basis as the annual information presented elsewhere herein and, in our opinion, includes all adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the selected quarterly information. This information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The operating results for any quarter shown are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period. 
 Net (Loss) Income Attributable to Common Stockholders Net (Loss) Income Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders Gains on Dispositions of Real Estate (1) AFFO Attributable to Common Stockholders and Class C OP Unit Holder (1) AFFO Per Share Revenues (1) Basic Diluted Basic Fully Diluted 2022 
 Quarter Ended: (2) March 31, 2022 10,174,340 (11,067,010) (1.47) (1.47) 6,875,086 2,971,663 0.39 0.29 June 30, 2022 10,676,148 1,249,255 0.17 0.14 720,071 3,594,747 0.48 0.35 September 30, 2022 10,951,673 3,000,352 0.40 0.35 3,932,029 3,127,692 0.42 0.31 December 31, 2022 14,372,106 (158,632) (0.02) (0.02) 669,185 6,940,047 0.93 0.68 2021 
 Quarter Ended: (3) March 31, 2021 9,025,993 (903,648) (0.12) (0.12) 238,519 2,219,856 0.29 0.25 June 30, 2021 9,107,008 (1,001,843) (0.13) (0.13) 3,037,996 0.40 0.34 September 30, 2021 10,925,296 3,505,052 0.47 0.40 3,559,165 3,812,513 0.51 0.44 December 31, 2021 8,831,534 (3,100,344) (0.41) (0.41) 2,338,904 2,379,449 0.32 0.27 
 (1) During the fourth quarter of 2022, management determined that straight-line rents receivable write-offs associated with real estate investments previously sold should be reclassified as a component of the related gain on sale of the real estate investments rather than as an offset to rental income as previously presented in our statements of operations. Accordingly, our statements of operations reflect an increase in rental income and a corresponding reduction in the gain on sale of real estate investments for the first three quarters of 2022 and the first, third and fourth quarters of 2021 as follows: first quarter of 2022, 525,691; second quarter of 2022, 282,030; and third quarter of 2022, 739,255; and first quarter of 2021, 51,123; third quarter of 2021, 683,606; and fourth quarter of 2021, 932,385. The reclassifications did not affect net income (loss) or net income (loss) per share in the unaudited quarterly condensed consolidated statements of operations (see Note 2 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more details on such reclassification). 
 (2) The first quarter of 2022 includes the impact of the goodwill impairment charge of 17,320,857, non-recurring loan prepayment penalties of 615,336 and swap termination costs of 733,000. The fourth quarter of 2022 includes revenue from early termination fee of 3,751,984, partially offset by impairment of real estate investment property of 2,080,727. 
 (3) The first quarter of 2021 includes the impact of a gain of 517,000 on forgiveness of economic relief note payable loan. The second quarter of 2021 includes an impairment credit of 400,999 on the reclassification of a real estate investment to held for investment from held for sale in the second quarter of 2021. The third quarter of 2021 includes an early termination fee of 1,381,767. The fourth quarter of 2021 includes the impact of intangible assets impairment charge of 3,767,190. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Organizational and Offering Costs 
 Organizational and offering costs include all costs incurred in connection with the offerings prior to the Listed Offering, including investor relations' payroll costs and other costs incurred in connection with the offerings of our stock, including, but not limited to legal fees, federal and state filing fees and other costs. Through November 24, 2021, the termination date of the Reg A Offering, we had recorded cumulative organizational and offering costs of 8,298,499, including 5,429,105 paid to our former sponsor or affiliates through December 31, 2019. 
 In connection with our Listed Offering of Class C Common Stock, we incurred organizational and offering costs in the aggregate of 885,500 in the fourth quarter of 2021 and the first quarter of 2022. We also incurred additional organizational and offering costs of 1,108,221 during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-263985) that we filed on March 30, 2022, and Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 that we filed on May 27, 2022, to issue and sell from time to time, together or separately, the following securities at an aggregate public offering price that will not exceed 200,000,000: Class C Common Stock, preferred stock, warrants, rights and units. The Form S-3, as amended, became effective on June 2, 2022 and we filed a prospectus supplement for our 50,000,000 ATM Offering on June 6, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, no shares were issued in connection with our ATM Offering. 
 
 Properties 
 Portfolio Information 
 Our wholly-owned investments in real estate properties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, including one and four properties held for sale as of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the 91,740 square foot industrial property underlying the TIC Interest for all balance sheet dates presented were as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Number of properties: (1) (2) Industrial (3) 27 12 Retail 12 12 Office (3) 7 14 Total operating properties 46 38 Parcel of land 1 1 Total properties 47 39 Leasable square feet: Industrial (3) 2,541,792 1,514,876 Retail 230,176 161,406 Office (3) 401,291 800,036 Total leasable square feet 3,173,259 2,476,318 
 (1) Includes one office property held for sale as of December 31, 2022, which is in escrow and scheduled to be sold by the end of March 2023. 
 (2) Includes four healthcare related properties held for sale as of December 31, 2021, which consisted of three office properties and one flex property. These held for sale properties were sold in February 2022. 
 (3) One property was reclassified on December 31, 2022 to industrial from office to reflect the lessee's change in use since a majority of the square footage of the property is being used as laboratory space. 
 We are a smaller reporting entity and operate in an evolving environment. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions of Real Estate Investments 
 We acquired 16 and two properties during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as follows: 
 Property and Location Property Type Area (Square Feet) Lease Terms (Years) Annual Rent Increase Acquisition Price Initial Cap Rate 2022 
 KIA/Trophy of Carson, Carson, CA (1) Retail 72,623 25 2.0 69,275,000 5.7 Kalera, Saint Paul, MN Industrial 78,857 20 2.5 8,079,000 7.0 Lindsay Precast, eight properties acquired in Colorado (3), Ohio (2), North Carolina, South Carolina and Florida Industrial 618,195 25 2.0 56,150,000 6.7 Producto, two properties acquired in Endicott and Jamestown, NY Industrial 72,373 20 2.0 5,343,862 7.2 Valtir, four properties acquired in Centerville, UT, Orangeburg, SC, Fort Worth, TX and Lima, OH Industrial 293,612 20 (2) 2.3 23,375,000 7.7 1,135,660 162,222,862 2021 
 Raising Cane s, San Antonio, TX 
 Retail 3,853 7 2.0 3,607,424 6.3 Arrow Tru-Line, Archbold, OH Industrial 206,155 20 2.0 11,460,000 6.7 210,008 15,067,424 
 (1) The KIA property was acquired in an UPREIT transaction wherein the seller received 1,312,382 Class C OP Units for approximately 47 of the property value and we repaid a 36,465,449 existing mortgage, including accrued interest, on the property. 
 (2) The South Carolina and Ohio properties have a 25-year master lease and the Texas and Utah properties have a 15-year master lease. 
 In evaluating the above properties as potential acquisitions, including the determination of an appropriate purchase price to be paid for the properties, we considered a variety of factors, including the condition and financial performance of the properties, the terms of the existing leases and the creditworthiness of the tenants, property location, visibility and access, age of the properties, physical condition and curb appeal, neighboring property uses, local market conditions, including vacancy rates, area demographics, including trade area population and average household income and neighborhood growth patterns and economic conditions. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Sales of Real Estate Investments 
 We completed the sale of eight and five non-core properties during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as follows: 
 Property Location Disposition Date Property Type Rentable Square Feet Contract Sales Price Net Proceeds (1) 2022 
 Bon Secours (2) Richmond, VA 2/11/2022 Office 72,890 10,200,000 Omnicare (2) Richmond, VA 2/11/2022 Flex 51,800 8,760,000 Texas Health (2) Dallas, TX 2/11/2022 Office 38,794 7,040,000 11,892,305 (3) Accredo (2) Orlando, FL 2/24/2022 Office 63,000 14,000,000 5,012,724 EMCOR Cincinnati, OH 6/29/2022 Office 39,385 6,525,000 6,345,642 Williams Sonoma Summerlin, NV 8/26/2022 Office 35,867 9,300,000 8,964,252 Wyndham Summerlin, NV 9/16/2022 Office 41,390 12,900,000 12,267,571 Raising Cane's San Antonio, TX 12/30/2022 Retail 3,853 4,313,045 4,173,283 Totals 346,979 73,038,045 48,655,777 2021 
 Chevron Roseville, CA 1/7/2021 Retail 3,300 4,050,000 3,914,909 EcoThrift Sacramento, CA 1/29/2021 Retail 38,536 5,375,300 2,684,225 Chevron San Jose, CA 2/12/2021 Retail 1,060 4,288,888 4,054,327 Dana Cedar Park, TX 7/7/2021 Industrial 45,465 10,000,000 4,975,334 Harley Davidson Bedford, TX 12/21/2021 Retail 70,960 15,270,000 8,344,708 Totals 159,321 38,984,188 23,973,503 
 (1) Net of commissions, closing costs paid and repayment of any outstanding mortgages. 
 (2) Classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2021. 
 (3) Net proceeds from the combined sale of the Bon Secours, Omnicare and Texas Health properties. 
 Extension of Leases 
 Effective January 12, 2022, we extended the lease terms of our Cummins office property located in Nashville, Tennessee from March 1, 2023 to February 28, 2024 with a 2 increase in annual rent commencing March 1, 2023. Cummins accepted the extension of the lease terms and possession of the property on an "AS-IS" basis. We also granted to Cummins an option to extend the lease term for an additional five years commencing March 1, 2024 and paid a leasing commission of 30,000 in connection with this extension. 
 Effective January 26, 2022, we extended the lease term of our ITW Rippey industrial property located in El Dorado Hills, California from August 1, 2022 to July 31, 2029 with a 6 increase in annual rent commencing August 1, 2022 and 3 annual escalations thereafter. We also agreed to provide a tenant improvements allowance of 481,250 in connection with this extension and granted ITW Rippey an option to extend the lease term for an additional five years commencing August 1, 2029. On July 15, 2022, we agreed to allow ITW Rippey to utilize its tenant improvements allowance for any sums due under the lease. 
 Effective March 4, 2022, we extended the lease term of our Williams Sonoma office property located in Summerlin, Nevada from October 31, 2022 to October 31, 2025 with a 4 increase in annual rent commencing November 1, 2022 and 2.7 annual escalations thereafter. We also agreed to provide the tenant with one month of free rent, an inducement payment of 100,000 and tenant improvements allowance of 166,450 and paid a leasing commission of 90,383 in connection with this extension. The property leased to Williams Sonoma was sold on August 26, 2022. 
 On January 23, 2023, we executed a lease extension for the office property leased to Solar Turbines in San Diego, California for an additional two years through July 31, 2025 with a 14.0 increase in rent effective August 1, 2023 and a 3.0 increase in rent effective August 1, 2024. This is the third lease extension executed by Solar Turbines, which has occupied our property located in San Diego, California since 2008. 
 We are continuing to explore potential lease extensions for certain of our other properties. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Other than as discussed below, we do not have other plans to incur any significant costs to renovate, improve or develop our properties. We believe that our properties are adequately insured. Pursuant to lease agreements, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had obligations to pay 1,789,027 and 189,136, respectively, for on-site and tenant improvements to be incurred by tenants. We expect that the related improvements will be completed during the 2023 calendar year and will be funded from cash on hand, operating cash flow or borrowings under our Credit Facility. 
 In addition, we have identified approximately 1,181,000 of roof and HVAC replacement, elevator upgrades and sealing and parking lot repairs/restriping that are expected to be completed in the next 12 months. Approximately 217,000 of these improvements are expected to be recoverable from the tenant through operating expense reimbursements. We will initially pay for the improvements, and the recoveries will be billed over an extended period of time according to the terms of the leases. The remaining costs of approximately 964,000 are not recoverable from tenants. These improvements will be funded from cash on hand, operating cash flows, or borrowings under our Credit Facility. More information on our properties and investments can be found in Part I, Item 2. Properties of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The discussion below is regarding the accounting policies that management believes are or will be critical to our operations. We consider these policies critical in that they involve significant management judgments and assumptions, require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain and because they are important for understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the dates of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our consolidated financial statements. Additionally, other companies may have utilized different estimates that may impact the comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. 
 Noncontrolling Interest in Consolidated Entities 
 We account for the noncontrolling interests in our Operating Partnership in accordance with the related accounting guidance. Due to our control of the Operating Partnership through our general partnership interest therein and the limited rights of the limited partners, the Operating Partnership and its wholly-owned subsidiaries are consolidated with us, and the limited partner interests not held by us are reflected as noncontrolling interests in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and statements of equity. Other than the noncontrolling interests related to an UPREIT transaction, all other noncontrolling interests currently represent non-voting, non-distribution accruing interests with no allocation of profits or losses, but have various conversion rights to obtain future rights to distributions and allocation of profits and losses. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We account for revenue in accordance with FASB ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606 ( ASU No. 2014-09 ), which includes revenue generated by sales of real estate, other operating income and tenant reimbursements for substantial services earned at our properties. Such revenues are recognized when the services are provided and the performance obligations are satisfied. Tenant reimbursements, consisting of amounts due from tenants for common area maintenance, property taxes and other recoverable costs, are recognized in rental income subsequent to the adoption of Topic 842, as discussed below, in the period the recoverable costs are incurred. Tenant reimbursements, for which we pay the associated costs directly to third-party vendors and is reimbursed by the tenants, are recognized and recorded on a gross basis. 
 We account for leases in accordance with FASB ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) and the related FASB ASU Nos. 2018-10, 2018-11, 2018-20 and 2019-01, which provide practical expedients, technical corrections and improvements for certain aspects of ASU 2016-02 (collectively Topic 842 ). Topic 842 established a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for leases. Topic 842 applies to all entities that enter into leases. Lessees are required to report assets and liabilities that arise from leases. Lessor accounting has largely remained unchanged; however, certain refinements are made to conform with revenue recognition guidance, specifically related to the allocation and recognition of contract consideration earned from lease and non-lease revenue components. Topic 842 impacts our accounting for leases primarily as a lessor. Topic 842 also impacts our accounting as a lessee; however, such impact is not considered material. 
 As a lessor, our leases with tenants generally provide for the lease of real estate properties, as well as common area maintenance, property taxes and other recoverable costs. To reflect recognition as one lease component, rental income and tenant reimbursements and other lease related property income that meet the requirements of the practical expedient provided by ASU No. 2018-11 have been combined under rental income in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 We recognize rental income from tenants under operating leases on a straight-line basis over the noncancelable term of the lease when collectability of such amounts is reasonably assured. Recognition of rental income on a straight-line basis includes the effects of rental abatements, lease incentives and fixed and determinable increases in lease payments over the lease term. If the lease provides for tenant improvements, our management determines whether the tenant improvements, for accounting purposes, are owned by the tenant or by us. 
 When we are the owner of the tenant improvements, the tenant is not considered to have taken physical possession or have control of the physical use of the leased asset until the tenant improvements are substantially completed. When the tenant is the owner of the tenant improvements, any tenant improvement allowance (including amounts that the tenant can take in the form of cash or a credit against its rent) that is funded is treated as a lease incentive and amortized as a reduction of revenue over the lease term. Tenant improvement ownership is determined based on various factors including, but not limited to: 
 whether the lease stipulates how a tenant improvement allowance may be spent; 
 whether the amount of a tenant improvement allowance is in excess of market rates; 
 whether the tenant or landlord retains legal title to the improvements at the end of the lease term; 
 whether the tenant improvements are unique to the tenant or general-purpose in nature; and 
 whether the tenant improvements are expected to have any residual value at the end of the lease. 
 Tenant reimbursements of real estate taxes, insurance, repairs and maintenance, and other operating expenses are recognized as revenue in the period the expenses are incurred and presented gross if we are the primary obligor and, with respect to purchasing goods and services from third-party suppliers, has discretion in selecting the supplier and bears the associated credit risk. In instances where the operating lease agreement has an early termination option, the termination penalty is based on a predetermined termination fee or based on the unamortized tenant improvements and leasing commissions. 
 We evaluate the collectability of rents and other receivables on a regular basis based on factors including, among others, payment history, credit rating, the asset type, and current economic conditions. If our evaluation of these factors indicates we may not recover the full value of the receivable, we provide an allowance against the portion of the receivable that we estimate may not be recovered. This analysis requires us to determine whether there are factors indicating a receivable may not be fully collectible and to estimate the amount of the receivable that may not be collected. 
 Bad Debts and Allowances for Tenant and Deferred Rent Receivables 
 Our determination of the adequacy of our allowances for tenant receivables includes a binary assessment of whether or not the amounts due under a tenant s lease agreement are probable of collection. For such amounts that are deemed probable of collection, revenue continues to be recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For such amounts that are deemed not probable of collection, revenue is recorded as the lesser of (i) the amount which would be recognized on a straight-line basis or (ii) cash that has been received from the tenant, with any tenant and deferred rent receivable balances charged as a direct write-off against rental income in the period of the change in the collectability determination. In addition, for tenant and deferred rent receivables deemed probable of collection, we also may record an allowance under other authoritative GAAP depending upon our evaluation of the individual receivables, specific credit enhancements, current economic conditions, and other relevant factors. Such allowances are recorded as increases or decreases through rental income in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 With respect to tenants in bankruptcy, management makes estimates of the expected recovery of pre-petition and post-petition claims in assessing the estimated collectability of the related receivable. In some cases, the ultimate resolution of these claims can exceed one year. When a tenant is in bankruptcy, we will record a bad debt allowance for the tenant s receivable balance and generally will not recognize subsequent rental revenue until either cash is received or until the tenant is no longer in bankruptcy and has the ability to make rental payments. 
 Gain or Loss on Sale of Real Estate Investments 
 We recognize gain or loss on sale of real estate property when we have executed a contract for sale of the property, transferred controlling financial interest in the property to the buyer and determined that it is probable that we will collect substantially all of the consideration for the property. When properties are sold, operating results of the properties remain in continuing operations, and any associated gain or loss from the disposition is included in gain or loss on sale of real estate investments in our accompanying consolidated statements of operations included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Section 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code. We expect to operate in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. To qualify as a REIT, we must meet certain organizational and operational requirements, including meeting various tests regarding the nature of our assets and our income, the ownership of our outstanding stock and distribution of at least 90 of our annual REIT taxable income to our stockholders (which is computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction or net capital gain and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP). As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax to the extent we distribute qualifying dividends to our stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate income tax rates and generally will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification is lost unless the Internal Revenue Service grants us relief under certain statutory provisions. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The fair value hierarchy, which is based on three levels of inputs, the first two of which are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may be used to measure fair value, is as follows: 
 Level 1: quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
 Level 2: inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and 
 Level 3: unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 
 The fair value for certain financial instruments is derived using valuation techniques that involve significant management judgment. The price transparency of financial instruments is a key determinant of the degree of judgment involved in determining the fair value of our financial instruments. Financial instruments for which actively quoted prices or pricing parameters are available and for which markets contain orderly transactions will generally have a higher degree of price transparency than financial instruments for which markets are inactive or consist of non-orderly trades. We evaluate several factors when determining if a market is inactive or when market transactions are not orderly. The following is a summary of the methods and assumptions used by management in estimating the fair value of each class of financial instrument for which it is practicable to estimate the fair value: 
 Cash and cash equivalents; restricted cash; receivable from early termination of lease; tenant receivables; prepaid expenses and other assets; accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities: These balances approximate their fair values due to the short maturities of these items. 
 Derivative instruments : Our derivative instruments are presented at fair value on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The valuation of these instruments is determined using a third-party's proprietary model that utilizes observable inputs. As such, we classify these inputs as Level 2 inputs. The proprietary model uses the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, as well as observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves and volatility. The fair values of interest rate swaps are estimated using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted fixed cash payments and the discounted expected variable cash receipts. The variable cash receipts are based on an expectation of interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate curves. In addition, credit valuation adjustments, which consider the impact of any credit risks to the contracts, are incorporated in the fair values to account for potential nonperformance risk. 
 Goodwill: The fair value measurements of goodwill is considered Level 3 nonrecurring fair value measurements. For goodwill, fair value measurement involves the determination of fair value of a reporting unit. 
 Credit facilities : The fair value of our credit facilities approximates their carrying values as their interest rates and other terms are comparable to those available in the market place for similar credit facilities. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Mortgage notes payable: The fair value of our mortgage notes payable is estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on management s estimates of current market interest rates for instruments with similar characteristics, including remaining loan term, loan-to-value ratio, type of collateral and other credit enhancements. Additionally, when determining the fair value of liabilities in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active market for an identical liability is not available, we measure fair value using (i) a valuation technique that uses the quoted price of the identical liability when traded as an asset or quoted prices for similar liabilities or similar liabilities when traded as assets or (ii) another valuation technique that is consistent with the principles of fair value measurement, such as the income approach or the market approach. We classify these inputs as Level 3 inputs. 
 Related party transactions : We have concluded that it is not practical to determine the estimated fair value of related party transactions. Disclosure rules for fair value measurements require that for financial instruments for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value, information pertinent to those instruments be disclosed. Further information as to these financial instruments with related parties is included in Note 10 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Real Estate Investments 
 Real Estate Acquisition Valuation 
 We record acquisitions that meet the definition of a business as a business combination. If the acquisition does not meet the definition of a business, we record the acquisition as an asset acquisition. Under both methods, all assets acquired and liabilities assumed are measured based on their acquisition-date fair values. Transaction costs that are related to a business combination are charged to expense as incurred. Transaction costs that are related to an asset acquisition are capitalized as incurred. 
 We assess the acquisition date fair values of all tangible assets, identifiable intangibles, and assumed liabilities using methods similar to those used by independent appraisers, generally utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis that applies appropriate discount and/or capitalization rates and available market information. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors, including historical operating results, known and anticipated trends, and market and economic conditions. The fair value of tangible assets of an acquired property considers the value of the property as if it were vacant. 
 We record above-market and below-market in-place lease values for acquired properties based on the present value (using a discount rate that reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) of the difference between (i) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the in-place leases and (ii) management s estimate of fair market lease rates for the corresponding in-place leases, measured over a period equal to the remaining non-cancelable term of above-market in-place leases plus any extended term for any leases with below-market renewal options. We amortize any recorded above-market or below-market lease values as a reduction or increase, respectively, to rental income over the remaining non-cancelable terms of the respective lease, including any below-market renewal periods. 
 We estimate the value of tenant origination and absorption costs by considering the estimated carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods, considering current market conditions. In estimating carrying costs, we include real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses and estimates of lost rentals at market rates during the expected lease up periods. We amortize the value of tenant origination and absorption costs to depreciation and amortization expense over the remaining non-cancelable term of the respective lease. 
 Estimates of the fair values of the tangible assets, identifiable intangibles and assumed liabilities require us to make significant assumptions to estimate market lease rates, property-operating expenses, carrying costs during lease-up periods, discount rates, market absorption periods, and the number of years the property will be held for investment. The use of inappropriate assumptions would result in an incorrect valuation of our acquired tangible assets, identifiable intangibles and assumed liabilities, which would impact the amount of our net income (loss). 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Real estate costs related to the acquisition and improvement of properties are capitalized and depreciated or amortized over the expected useful life of the asset on a straight-line basis. Repair and maintenance costs include all costs that do not extend the useful life of the real estate asset and are expensed as incurred. Significant replacements and betterments are capitalized. We anticipate the estimated useful lives of our assets by class to be generally as follows: 
 . Buildings 10-48 years . Site improvements Shorter of 15 years or remaining lease term . Tenant improvements Shorter of 15 years or remaining lease term . Industrial equipment 20 years . Tenant origination and absorption costs, and above-/below-market lease intangibles Remaining lease term 
 Impairment of Investment in Real Estate Properties 
 We monitor events and changes in circumstances that could indicate that the carrying amounts of real estate properties may not be recoverable. When indicators of potential impairment are present that indicate that the carrying amounts of real estate and related intangible assets may not be recoverable, management assesses whether the carrying value of the real estate properties will be recovered through the future undiscounted operating cash flows expected from the use of and eventual disposition of the property. If, based on the analysis, we do not believe that we will be able to recover the carrying value of the real estate properties, we will record an impairment charge to the extent the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the real estate properties. 
 Leasing Costs 
 We account for leasing costs under Topic 842. Initial direct costs would include only those costs that are incremental to the lease arrangement and would not have been incurred if the lease had not been obtained. We charge to expense internal leasing costs and third-party legal leasing costs as incurred. These expenses are included in general and administrative expense and property expenses, respectively, in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 Real Estate Investments Held for Sale 
 We consider a real estate investment to be held for sale when the following criteria are met: (i) management commits to a plan to sell the property, (ii) the property is available for sale immediately, (iii) the property is actively being marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value, (iv) the sale of the property within one year is considered probable and (v) significant changes to the plan to sell are not expected. Real estate that is held for sale and its related assets are classified as real estate investments held for sale, net and assets related to real estate investments held for sale, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Mortgage notes payable and other liabilities related to real estate investments held for sale are classified as mortgage notes payable related to real estate investments held for sale, net and liabilities related to real estate investments held for sale, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Real estate investments classified as held for sale are no longer depreciated and are reported at the lower of their carrying value or their estimated fair value less estimated costs to sell. Operating results of properties that were classified as held for sale in the ordinary course of business are included in continuing operations in our accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 Unconsolidated Investment 
 We account for investments in an entity over which we have the ability to exercise significant influence under the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method of accounting, an investment is initially recognized at cost and is subsequently adjusted to reflect our share of earnings or losses of the investee. The investment is also increased for additional amounts invested and decreased for any distributions received from the investee. Equity method investment is reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment might not be recoverable. If an equity method investment is determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired, the investment is reduced to fair value and an impairment charge is recorded as a reduction to earnings. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill 
 We record goodwill when the purchase price of a business combination exceeds the estimated fair value of net identified tangible and intangible assets acquired. We evaluate goodwill and other intangible assets for possible impairment in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Othe r, on an annual basis, or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of a reporting unit has more likely than not declined below its carrying value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge is recognized. 
 In assessing goodwill impairment, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Our qualitative assessment of the recoverability of goodwill considers various macro-economic, industry-specific and company-specific factors. These factors include: (i) severe adverse industry or economic trends; (ii) significant company-specific actions, including exiting an activity in conjunction with restructuring of operations; (iii) current, historical or projected deterioration of our financial performance; or (iv) a sustained decrease in our market capitalization below its net book value. If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, we determine it is unlikely that the fair value of such reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then a quantitative analysis is unnecessary. However, if we concluded otherwise, or if we elect to bypass the qualitative analysis, then it is required that we perform a quantitative analysis that compares the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered impaired; otherwise, a goodwill impairment loss is recognized for the lesser of: (a) the amount that the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value; or (b) the amount of the goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 We enter into derivative instruments for risk management purposes to hedge our exposure to cash flow variability caused by changing interest rates on our variable rate debt. We do not enter into derivatives for speculative purposes. We record derivative instruments at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, such as interest rate risk, are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether we have elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. If the derivative instrument meets the hedge accounting criteria, the change in the fair value of a derivative instrument may be designated as a cash flow hedge where the unrealized holding gain or loss on the interest rate swap is presented in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) and accumulated other comprehensive income in our balance sheets. If the derivative instrument does not meet the hedge accounting criteria, the change in the fair value of the derivative is recorded as a gain or loss on the interest rate swap and included in interest expense in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 We enter into interest rate swaps as a fixed rate payer to mitigate our exposure to rising interest rates on our variable rate term loan. The value of interest rate swaps is primarily impacted by interest rates, market expectations about interest rates, and the remaining life of the instrument. In general, increases in interest rates, or anticipated increases in interest rates, will increase the value of the fixed rate payer position and decrease the value of the variable rate payer position. As the remaining life of the interest rate swap decreases, the value of both positions will generally move towards zero. We may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain risks, even though hedge accounting does not apply or we elect not to apply hedge accounting. 
 Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Unit Awards 
 Historically, the fair values of the Operating Partnership's units or restricted stock unit awards issued or granted by us were based on the estimated NAV per share (unaudited) of our common stock on the date of issuance or grant, adjusted for an illiquidity discount due to the illiquid nature of the underlying equity prior to the listing of our Class C Common Stock on the NYSE. The fair value of future grants of the Operating Partnership's units or restricted stock unit awards will be determined based on the NYSE's market closing price of our Class C Common Stock on the date of grant. Operating Partnership units issued as purchase consideration in connection with the Self-Management Transaction and UPREIT Transaction (each defined and discussed in Note 12 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) are recorded in equity under noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership in our accompanying consolidated balance sheets and statements of equity in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For units granted to our employees that are not included in the purchase consideration, the fair value of the award is amortized using the straight-line method over the requisite service period of the award, which is generally the vesting period. We have elected to record forfeitures as they occur. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 We determine the accounting classification of equity instruments (e.g., restricted stock units) that are issued as purchase consideration or part of the purchase consideration in a business combination, as either liability or equity, by first assessing whether the equity instruments meet liability classification in accordance with ASC 480-10, Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity ASC 480-10 ), and then in accordance with ASC 815-40, Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and Potentially Settled in, a Company s Own Stock ASC 815-40 ). Under ASC 480-10, equity instruments are classified as liabilities if the equity instruments are mandatorily redeemable, obligate the issuer to settle the equity instruments or the underlying shares by paying cash or other assets, or must or may require an unconditional obligation that must be settled by issuing a variable number of shares. 
 If equity instruments do not meet liability classification under ASC 480-10, we assess the requirements under ASC 815-40, which states that contracts that require or may require the issuer to settle the contract for cash are liabilities recorded at fair value, irrespective of the likelihood of the transaction occurring that triggers the net cash settlement feature. If the equity instruments do not require liability classification under ASC 815-40, in order to conclude equity classification, we assess whether the equity instruments are indexed to our common stock and whether the equity instruments are classified as equity under ASC 815-40 or other applicable GAAP guidance. After all relevant assessments are made, we conclude whether the equity instruments are classified as liability or equity. Liability classified equity instruments are accounted for at fair value both on the date of issuance and on subsequent accounting period ending dates, with all changes in fair value after the issuance date recorded in the statements of operations as a gain or loss. Equity classified equity instruments are accounted for at fair value on the issuance date with no changes in fair value recognized after the issuance date. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements that had or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or capital resources. 
 
 Recent Market Conditions 
 There are continuing uncertainties in the market in which we operate related to supply chain disruptions, inflation and increases in interest rates, along with negative impacts associated with the ongoing Russian war against Ukraine and sanctions which have been implemented by the United States and other countries against Russia. Volatility in stock and bond markets, particularly the rise in yields on U.S. Treasury securities during 2022, may negatively impact our operating results. 
 In addition, although the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy appear to have diminished and the general commercial real estate market appears to be recovering from such impacts, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant disruptions in utilization of office properties and uncertainty over how tenants of office properties will respond when their leases are scheduled to expire. 
 Possible future declines in rental rates and expectations of future rental concessions, including free rent to renew tenants early, to retain tenants who are up for renewal or to attract new tenants, may result in decreases in cash flows from investment properties. Excluding the property formerly leased to Gap which is in escrow and scheduled to be sold by the end of March 2023, we have two leases (one industrial and one office) scheduled to expire in the next 12 months, which comprise an aggregate of 163,230 leasable square feet and represent approximately 5.1 of ABR as of December 31, 2022. As tenants, particularly in office properties, reevaluate their use of such properties in light of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, including their ability to have workers succeed in working at home, they may determine not to renew these leases or to seek rent or other concessions as a condition of renewing their leases. 
 Potential future declines in economic conditions could negatively impact commercial real estate fundamentals and result in lower occupancy, lower rental rates and declining values in our real estate portfolio, which could have the following negative effects on us: the values of our investments in commercial properties could decrease below the amounts paid for such investments; and/or revenues from our properties could decrease due to fewer tenants and/or lower rental rates, making it more difficult for us to make distributions or meet our debt service obligations. However, we successfully negotiated lease extensions for four properties during 2022 and January 2023. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 The debt market remains sensitive to the macro environment, such as inflation, Federal Reserve policy, the prolonged impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, market sentiment or regulatory factors affecting the banking and commercial mortgage-backed securities industries. In January 2022, we refinanced all but four of our properties (including the TIC Interest) with proceeds from our Credit Facility which includes floating rates based on SOFR and our leverage ratio as described above. The mortgage on our Rancho Cordova, California property does not mature until March 9, 2024 and the other three mortgages do not mature until after September 2027. All four of these mortgages are at fixed rates. As a result of the interest rate swap agreements entered into during 2022, 100 of our indebtedness as of February 28, 2023 holds a fixed interest rate. The weighted average interest rate on the total debt outstanding of 204.5 million as of February 28, 2023 was 4.05 based on our 38 leverage ratio as of December 31, 2022. Our Revolver does not mature until January 18, 2026 and can be extended for an additional 12 months thereafter, and our Term Loan does not mature until January 18, 2027. On October 21, 2022, our Credit Facility was increased to 400 million and is now comprised of a 150 million Revolver and a 250 million Term Loan. Our Credit Facility includes an updated accordion option that allows us to request additional Revolver and Term Loan lender commitments up to a total of 750 million. 
 Any future uncertainties in the capital markets may cause difficulty in refinancing debt obligations prior to maturity at terms as favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness. If we are not able to refinance our indebtedness on attractive terms at the various maturity dates, we may be forced to dispose of some of our assets. Market conditions can change quickly, potentially negatively impacting the value of real estate investments. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Not applicable as we are a smaller reporting company. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements at page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to us, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as ours are designed to do, and we necessarily were required to apply our judgment in evaluating whether the benefits of the controls and procedures that we adopt outweigh their costs. 
 As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, an evaluation as of December 31, 2022 was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as of December 31, 2022, were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Under Rule 13a-15(c), management must evaluate, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness, as of the end of each fiscal year, of our internal control over financial reporting. The term internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the issuer s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the issuer s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedure that: 
 1) Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the issuer; 
 2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with the authorization of management of the issuer; and 
 3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisitions, use or disposition of the issuer s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 In the course of preparing this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the consolidated financial statements included herein, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commissions (COSO) in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm as we are a smaller reporting company as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. We recognize that any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain judgments and assumptions and cannot provide absolute assurances that its objectives will be met. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Similarly, an evaluation of controls cannot provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 On March 9, 2023, our board of directors approved and adopted our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (as so amended and restated, the Amended Bylaws to, among other things, update provisions relating to stockholder meetings to ensure compliance with federal proxy rules, including Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act. The Amended Bylaws became effective upon adoption by our board of directors. 
 The Amended Bylaws include the following amendments, among other updates: 
 Amend language to ensure that any stockholder casting a vote by proxy complies with Maryland law and our Amended Bylaws; 
 Reflect the requirement that any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, with the white proxy card being reserved for exclusive use by our board of directors; 
 Update the provisions related to the information required to be included in a stockholder s notice of nomination of individuals for election as a director and the information required to be included in any notice of other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before a meeting; 
 Require a stockholder submitting a director nomination to make a written undertaking that such stockholder intends to solicit the holders of shares of our stock representing at least 67 of the voting power of shares of stock entitled to vote on the election of directors in support of the director nomination; 
 Update the accompanying certifications made by a stockholder submitting a notice of nomination of an individual for election as a director; 
 Clarify that a stockholder may not nominate more individuals than there are directors to be elected or substitute or replace a proposed director nominee without compliance with the requirements for nomination in the Amended Bylaws, including compliance with any applicable deadlines; and 
 Reflect that we will disregard any proxy authority granted in favor, or votes for, any proposed director nominee if the stockholder soliciting proxies in support of such proposed director nominee abandons the solicitation or does not comply with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act. 
 The amendments also include various conforming and technical changes, including updates to provisions relating to virtual meetings to align with changes to the MGCL statutory language. 
 The foregoing description of the Amended Bylaws does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Amended Bylaws, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 3.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022 and delivered to stockholders in connection with our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022 and delivered to stockholders in connection with our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022 and delivered to stockholders in connection with our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022 and delivered to stockholders in connection with our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022 and delivered to stockholders in connection with our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements: 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements at page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedule: 
 The following financial statement schedule is included herein at pages F- 46 through F-49 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Schedule III - Real Estate Assets and Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization . 
 (a)(3) Exhibits: 
 The exhibits listed in this section are included, or incorporated by reference, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (b) Exhibits: 
 See (a)(3) above. 
 (c) Financial Statements Schedule: 
 See (a)(2) above. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBITS LIST 
 Exhibit Description 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Modiv Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55776) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2021) 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Modiv Inc. , adopted on March 9, 2023 
 3.3 Articles Supplementary designating 7.375 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, 0.001 par value per share (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40814) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17, 2021) 
 4.1 Second Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40814) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 15, 2022) 
 4.2 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-40814) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23, 2022) 
 10.1 Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Modiv Operating Partnership, LP, dated February 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55776) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission of February 1, 2021) 
 10.2 First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Modiv Operating Partnership, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40814) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17, 2021) 
 10.3 Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Modiv Operating Partnership, LP , dated December 21, 2022 
 10.4+ Restricted Units Award Agreement dated as of December 31, 2019 between RW Holdings NNN REIT Operating Partnership, LP, and Aaron S. Halfacre (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55776) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 31, 2019) 
 10.5+ Restricted Units Award Agreement dated as of December 31, 2019 between RW Holdings NNN REIT Operating Partnership, LP, and The Raymond J. Pacini Trust u/a/d 5/3/01, Raymond J. Pacini, Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55776) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 31, 2019) 
 10.6+ Restricted Units Award Agreement dated as of January 25, 2021 between Modiv Operating Partnership, LP and Aaron S. Halfacre (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-55776) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2021) 
 10.7+ Restricted Units Award Agreement dated as of January 25, 20 2 1 between Modiv Operating Partnership, LP and The Raymond J. Pacini Trust u/a/d 5/3/01, Raymond J. Pacini, Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 16 to our Annual Report on Form 10 -K (File No. 000-55776) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 20 2 1 
 10.8+ Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-55776) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2021) 
 10.9 Contribution Agreement between Trophy of Carson Real Estate LLC and Modiv Operating Partnership, LP dated January 13, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40814) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 20, 2022) 
 10.10 First Amendment to Contribution Agreement Between Trophy of Carson Real Estate LLC and Modiv Operating Partnership, LP dated March 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-40814) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23, 2022) 
 10.11 Kia Carson, CA Lease Agreement as of January 18, 2022, by and between MDV Trophy Carson CA LLC and Trophy of Carson LLC for the property located at 22020 Recreation Rd., Carson, California (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40814) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 20, 2022) 
 10.12 Credit Agreement dated as of January 18, 2022 by and among Modiv Operating Partnership, LP, as the borrower, KeyBank National Association, the other lenders which are parties to the agreement, and other lenders that may become parties to the agreement, KeyBank National Association, as the agent, BMO Capital Markets, Truist Bank and The Huntington Bank, as co-syndication agents, and KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., BMO Capital Markets, Truist Securities, Inc. and The Huntington Bank, as joint-lead arrangers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40814) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 20, 2022) 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Description 10.13 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated October 21, 2022 between Modiv Operating Partnership, LP, as the borrower, KeyBank National Association, the other lenders which are parties to the agreement, and other lenders that may become parties to the agreement, KeyBank National Association, as the agent, First Financial Bank, Truist Bank and The Huntington Bank, as co-syndication agents, and KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., First Financial Bank, Truist Securities, Inc. and The Huntington National Bank, as joint-lead arrangers for the expanded Credit Facility 
 10.14 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated December 20, 2022 between Modiv Operating Partnership, LP, as the borrower, KeyBank National Association, the other lenders which are parties to the agreement, and other lenders that may become parties to the agreement, KeyBank National Association, as the agent, First Financial Bank, Truist Bank and The Huntington Bank, as co-syndication agents, and KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., First Financial Bank, Truist Securities, Inc. and The Huntington National Bank, as joint-lead arrangers for the expanded Credit Facility 
 10.15 Unconditional Guaranty of Payment and Performance of Modiv Operating Partnership, LP under the Credit Agreement dated January 18, 2022 with KeyBank and other lenders by Modiv Inc. and certain subsidiary guarantors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-261529) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2022) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Modiv Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Baker Tilly US, LLP 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C., Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 99.1 Consent of Cushman Wakefield Western, Inc. 
 101.INS XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT 101.SCH XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT 101.CAL XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE 101.DEF XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE 101.LAB XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE 101.PRE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE 104 COVER PAGE INTERACTIVE DATA FILE (FORMATTED AS INLINE XBRL AND CONTAINED IN EXHIBIT 101) 

Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. In accordance with Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, this Exhibit is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Such certifications will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 + Indicates management or compensatory plan. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Baker Tilly US, LLP (PCAOB ID 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 
 Financial Statement Schedule Schedule III - Real Estate Assets and Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization 
 F- 46 
 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is presented in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Modiv Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Modiv Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule listed in the index at Item 15(a), Schedule III Real Estate Assets and Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Evaluation of Purchase Price Allocations of Real Estate Investments 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, during 2022, the Company acquired approximately 162 million of real estate properties. As discussed in Note 2, the purchase price of a real estate acquisition is typically allocated to land, building and improvements, and identified lease related intangible assets and liabilities based on their estimated relative fair values. 
 We identified the evaluation of the fair values used in the purchase price allocated to land, building and improvements, and identified lease related intangible assets and liabilities as a critical audit matter. Specifically, the measurement of the fair values of land, building and improvements, and identified lease related intangible assets and liabilities is dependent upon significant assumptions that are subject to potential management bias and for which relevant external market data is not always readily available. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 Such assumptions include market land and building values, market rental rates, market rental growth rates, capitalization rates and discount rates, as well as adjustment factors used in allocating variances on a relative fair value basis. There was a high degree of subjective and complex auditor judgment required in evaluating the fair value measurements given the sensitivity of the fair value measurements to changes in these assumptions. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Obtaining an understanding of the Company s process to allocate the purchase price of real estate acquisitions. This included the process over the selection and review of the significant assumptions used to estimate fair value. 
 Involving internal real estate valuation specialists, as an auditor s specialist, with specialized skills and knowledge to assist in evaluating the significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value measurements and purchase price allocations. The evaluation included comparison of the Company s assumptions noted above to independently developed ranges using market data from industry transaction databases, published industry reports, and market participants. 
 Comparing the amounts allocated to land, building and improvements, equipment, and lease related intangible assets and liabilities as a percentage of the total acquisition value, and the overall value for supportability of the purchase prices being considered at market terms. 
 Assessing potential management bias by evaluating the results of the procedures performed. 
 Evaluation of Impairment of Real Estate Investments 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s total real estate investments, net, were approximately 426 million as of December 31, 2022. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company monitors, on an ongoing basis, events and changes in circumstances that could indicate that the carrying amounts of its real estate and related intangible assets may not be recoverable or realized. When indicators of potential impairment are present, the Company assesses whether it will recover the carrying value of its real estate and related intangible assets by estimating undiscounted future cash flows and eventual proceeds from disposition of the property and comparing the sum of those amounts to the carrying value of the real estate and related intangible assets. If the carrying value of the real estate and related intangible assets is determined to be not recoverable, the Company records an impairment charge to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the real estate and related intangible assets. 
 We identified the evaluation of real estate investments for impairment as a critical audit matter. Auditing whether indicators of impairment were present, and the assumptions used in projecting future cash flows for certain properties involved a high degree of judgment and subjectivity. In particular, the undiscounted cash flows, potential proceeds from expected or hypothetical dispositions and fair value estimates were sensitive to significant assumptions including market rental rates and related leasing assumptions, anticipated asset holding periods, capitalization rates and discount rates, which are affected by expectations of the future market and economic conditions. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Obtaining an understanding of the Company s process of evaluating whether indicators of impairment were present. 
 Evaluating the significant judgments applied by management in determining whether indicators of impairment were present by obtaining evidence to corroborate such judgments and searching for evidence contrary to such judgments. 
 Evaluating management s business plans for the assets and other judgments used in determining holding periods and cash flow estimates for the assets by reviewing corroborating information included in materials presented to the Company s Board of Directors and to prospective investors. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 Evaluating and testing significant assumptions and inputs used to estimate undiscounted cash flows and real estate investment terminal values, among other procedures, by comparing significant assumptions and inputs used by management to current industry and economic trends, observable market data, and historical results of the properties. In certain instances, we involved our internal real estate valuation specialists, as an auditor s specialist, to assist in performing these procedures. 
 Comparing the Company s expected net proceeds from future asset sale against the carrying value of such asset as of year-end for assets classified as held for sale. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 March 13, 2023 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 MODIV INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Real estate investments: Land Building and improvements Equipment Tenant origination and absorption costs Total investments in real estate property Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total investments in real estate property, net Unconsolidated investment in a real estate property Total real estate investments excluding real estate investments held for sale, net Real estate investments held for sale, net Total real estate investments, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Receivable from early termination of lease Tenant receivables Above-market lease intangibles, net Prepaid expenses and other assets Interest rate swap derivative Other assets related to real estate investments held for sale Goodwill, net Total assets Liabilities and Equity Mortgage notes payable, net Mortgage notes payable related to real estate investments held for sale, net Total mortgage notes payable, net Credit facility revolver Credit facility term loan, net Accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities Below-market lease intangibles, net Interest rate swap derivatives Other liabilities related to real estate investments held for sale Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) Series A cumulative redeemable perpetual preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Note 9) 
 Class C common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Class S common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in-capital Treasury stock, at cost, shares held as of December 31, 2022 and shares held as of December 31, 2021 
 ) Cumulative distributions and net losses ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total Modiv Inc. equity Noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 MODIV INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Rental income Expenses: General and administrative Stock compensation expense Depreciation and amortization Interest expense Property expenses Impairment (reversal of impairment) of real estate investment property ) Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets Total expenses Operating loss: Gain on sale of real estate investments, net Operating loss ) ) Other income (expense): Interest income 
 Income from unconsolidated investment in a real estate property Gain on forgiveness of economic relief note payable Loss on early extinguishment of debt ) Other Other (expense) income, net ) Net loss ) ) Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership ) Net loss attributable to Modiv Inc. ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders Basic and diluted Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding: Basic and diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 MODIV INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income: Unrealized holding gain on interest rate swap designated as a cash flow hedge Comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership ) Other comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership: Unrealized holding gain on interest rate swap designated as a cash flow hedge Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Modiv Inc. ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 MODIV INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative Distributions and Net Losses Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Modiv Inc. Equity Noncontrolling Interest in the Operating Partnership Total Equity Preferred Stock Class C and Class S Treasury Stock Shares Amount Shares Amounts Shares Amounts Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of common stock Issuance of preferred stock, net Stock compensation expense OP Units compensation expense Offering costs ) ) ) Reclassification from redeemable common stock Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Dividends, preferred stock ) ) ) Distributions declared, common stock ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Issuance of common stock - distribution reinvestments Listed offering of common stock, net Issuance of Class C OP Units for property acquisition Stock compensation expense OP Units compensation expense Offering costs ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Dividends, preferred stock ) ) ) Distributions declared, common stock ) ) ) Distributions declared, Class C OP Units ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 MODIV INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock and OP Units compensation expense Amortization of deferred rents ) Amortization of deferred lease incentives Amortization of deferred financing costs and premium/discount Amortization of above-market lease intangibles Amortization of below-market lease intangibles ) ) Impairment (reversal of impairment) of real estate investment property ) Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets Write-off of purchase deposit Gain on sale of real estate investments, net ) ) Write-off of deferred financing costs upon early termination of mortgage notes payable Gain on extinguishment of interest swaps ) Unrealized gain on interest rate swap valuation ) ) Gain on forgiveness of economic relief note payable ) Income from unconsolidated investment in a real estate property ) ) Distributions from unconsolidated investment in a real estate property Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Increase in tenant receivables ) ) Increase in note receivable ) Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses and other assets ) (Decrease) increase in accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Acquisitions of real estate investments ) ) Improvements to existing real estate investments ) ) Additions to intangible assets ) Collection of receivable from early termination of lease Collection of receivable from sale of real estate property Net proceeds from sale of real estate investments Purchase deposits, net ) Payment of lease incentives ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Borrowings from credit facility term loan Borrowings from credit facility revolver, net (Repayments) borrowings from prior credit facility revolver, net ) Proceeds from mortgage notes payable Principal payments on mortgage notes payable ) ) Refundable loan deposit Payments of deferred financing costs ) ) MODIV INC. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - (Continued) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net Proceeds from listed offering of common stock, net Payment of offering costs ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Dividends paid to preferred stockholders ) Distributions paid to common stockholders ) ) Distributions paid to Class C OP Units holder ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosure of noncash flow information: Reclassifications from redeemable common stock Unpaid real estate improvements Deferred lease incentives ) Issuance of Class C OP Units in the acquisition of a real estate investment Reinvested distributions from common stockholders Reclassification of tenant improvements from other assets to real estate investments Decrease in share repurchases payable ) (Decrease) increase in accrued distributions ) Supplemental disclosure of real estate investment held for sale, net: Decrease (increase) in real estate investments held for sale ) Decrease in assets related to real estate investments held for sale Decrease in above-market lease intangibles (Decrease) increase in mortgage notes payable related to real estate investments held for sale ) Decrease in liabilities related to real estate investments held for sale ) ) Increase (decrease) in below-market lease intangibles ) Decrease in interest swap derivatives ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

 MODIV INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 NOTE 1. 
 shares of stock, consisting of shares of preferred stock, par value per share, of which shares are designated as Series A cumulative redeemable perpetual preferred stock Series A Preferred Stock ), shares of Class C common stock, par value per share, and shares of Class S common stock, par value per share. The Company's five-year emerging growth company registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ended on December 31, 2021 and the Company continues to report with the SEC as a smaller reporting company under Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company's Series A Preferred Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol MDV.PA and has been trading since September 17, 2021. The Company's Class C common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol MDV and has been trading since February 11, 2022. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for the Company's Class C common stock. In connection with and upon the listing on the NYSE, each share of the Company's Class S common stock converted into Class C common stock (see details of the initial listed offering (the Listed Offering below). 
 The Company has been internally managed since its December 31, 2019 acquisition of the business of BrixInvest, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the Company s former sponsor BrixInvest ), and the Company s merger with Rich Uncles Real Estate Investment Trust I REIT I on December 31, 2019. 
 The Company holds its investments in real property primarily through special purpose limited liability companies which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Modiv Operating Partnership, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating Partnership ). The Operating Partnership was formed on January 28, 2016. The Company is the sole general partner of, and owned an approximate and partnership interest in, the Operating Partnership on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Operating Partnership's limited partners include holders of several classes of units with various vesting and enhancement terms as further described in Note 12 . 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company's portfolio of approximately million square feet of aggregate leasable space consisted of investments in real estate properties, comprised of: industrial properties, including an approximate tenant-in-common interest in a Santa Clara, California property (the TIC Interest ), which represent approximately of the portfolio, retail properties, which represent approximately of the portfolio, and office properties (including held for sale), which represent approximately of the portfolio (expressed as a percentage of annual base rent ABR as of December 31, 2022). 
 New Principal Executive Offices 
 Effective December 16, 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries moved their principal executive offices to 200 S. Virginia Street, Reno, Nevada 89501 from 120 Newport Center Drive, Newport Beach, California 92660. 
 Common Stock Offerings 
 Since the Company s initial registered offering of common stock was declared effective by the SEC in 2016, the Company has raised an aggregate of pursuant to: (i) non-listed offerings of common stock registered with the SEC (collectively, the Registered Offering ), (ii) offerings of common stock exempt from registration pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), (iii) distribution reinvestment plan DRP offerings of common stock registered with the SEC, (iv) a private offering of common stock pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act, (v) a qualified offering of common stock pursuant to Regulation A under the Securities Act and (vi) an offering of common stock listed on the NYSE. 
 On December 8, 2021, the Company filed with the SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-261529), and, on February 9, 2022, the Company filed with the SEC Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11, in connection with the Listed Offering of the Company s Class C common stock, which became effective on February 10, 2022. In connection with and upon the listing on the NYSE, each share of the Company's Class S common stock converted into a share of Class C common stock. The Listed Offering of the Company's Class C common stock closed on February 15, 2022. In connection with the Listed Offering, the Company sold shares of its Class C common stock at per share to a major stockholder who was formerly a related party (see Note 9 for more details). 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

 : Class C common stock, preferred stock, warrants, rights and units. The Form S-3, as amended, became effective on June 2, 2022 and the Company filed a prospectus supplement for the Company's at-the-market offering of up to of its Class C common stock (the ATM Offering on June 6, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, shares have been issued in connection with the Company's ATM Offering. 
 Preferred Stock Offering 
 On September 17, 2021, the Company and the Operating Partnership completed the issuance and sale of shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock in an underwritten public offering (the Preferred Offering at a price per share of (see Note 9 for additional information). 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 On February 15, 2022, the Company's board of directors amended and restated its DRP (the Second Amended and Restated DRP with respect to the Class C common stock to change the purchase price at which the Class C common stock is issued to stockholders who elect to participate in the DRP. The purpose of this change was to reflect the fact that the Company's Class C common stock is now listed on the NYSE and no longer priced based on net asset value NAV per share. As more fully described in the Second Amended and Restated DRP, the purchase price for the Class C common stock under the DRP depends on whether the Company issues new shares to DRP participants or the Company or any third-party administrator obtains shares to be issued to DRP participants by purchasing them in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The purchase price for the Class C common stock issued directly by the Company is , reflecting a discount (or such other discount as may then be in effect) of the Market Price (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated DRP) of the Class C common stock. This discount is subject to change from time to time, in the Company s sole discretion, but will be between to of the Market Price. The purchase price for the Class C common stock that the Company or any third-party administrator purchases from parties other than the Company, either in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, will be of the average price per share (as described in the Second Amended and Restated DRP) actually paid for such shares of Class C common stock, excluding any processing fees. The Second Amended and Restated DRP also reflects the per share processing fee that will be paid to the Company's transfer agent by DRP participants for each share of Class C common stock purchased through the DRP. The Second Amended and Restated DRP was effective beginning with distributions paid in February 2022. From February 2022 through December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of Class C common stock under the DRP. 
 Share Repurchase Programs 
 On February 15, 2022, the Company's board of directors authorized up to in repurchases of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock through December 31, 2022. On December 21, 2022, the Company's board of directors authorized up to in repurchases of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock and Series A Preferred Stock from January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023. Repurchases made pursuant to the 2023 repurchase program will be made from time-to-time in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or in any other manner as permitted by federal securities laws and other legal requirements. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by the Company in its discretion and will be subject to economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable legal requirements and other factors. The program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 From February 15, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased a total of shares of its common stock for a total of and an average cost of per share under the 2022 share repurchase program and these shares are held as treasury stock. The Company's last share repurchases were made on December 30, 2022. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 2. 
 As of June 30, 2022, the Company held an interest in a VIE, which was incorporated under a qualified exchange accommodation arrangement to temporarily hold replacement real estate properties, for which the Company was determined to be the primary beneficiary. As a result, the Company consolidated this entity. As of June 30, 2022, the Company's investment related to this VIE aggregated , or of total assets, and liabilities, which related to real estate properties the VIE held as of that date. Prior to September 30, 2022, the Company completed the exchange transaction related to the real estate properties held by the VIE, and the entity became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively. 
 The Company recognizes rental income from tenants under operating leases on a straight-line basis over the noncancellable term of the lease when collectability of such amounts is reasonably assured. Recognition of rental income on a straight-line basis includes the effects of rental abatements, lease incentives and fixed and determinable increases in lease payments over the lease term. If the lease provides for tenant improvements, management of the Company determines whether the tenant improvements, for accounting purposes, are owned by the tenant or by the Company. 
 When the Company is the owner of the tenant improvements, the tenant is not considered to have taken physical possession or have control of the physical use of the leased asset until the tenant improvements are substantially completed. When the tenant is the owner of the tenant improvements, any tenant improvement allowance (including amounts that the tenant can take in the form of cash or a credit against its rent) that is funded is treated as a lease incentive and amortized as a reduction of revenue over the lease term. Tenant improvement ownership is determined based on various factors including, but not limited to: 
 whether the lease stipulates how a tenant improvement allowance may be spent; 
 whether the amount of a tenant improvement allowance is in excess of market rates; 
 whether the tenant or landlord retains legal title to the improvements at the end of the lease term; 
 whether the tenant improvements are unique to the tenant or general-purpose in nature; and 
 whether the tenant improvements are expected to have any residual value at the end of the lease. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively . 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

per share for both Class C common stock and Class S common stock for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 

 for the mortgages related to properties discussed below and other lender reserves. There was restricted cash balance as of December 31, 2022. 
 Under the terms of the Company s June 2021 refinancing of mortgages on its properties leased to Northrop Grumman and L3Harris Technologies, Inc. L3Harris with Banc of California as described in Note 7 , the Company established restricted cash accounts at Banc of California with and held for the Northrop Grumman and L3Harris properties, respectively, to fund building improvements, tenant improvements and leasing commissions. Subsequent to the origination of the loans, was released to fund a leasing commission, resulting in remaining as aggregate restricted cash as of December 31, 2021. Pursuant to the refinancing of the Northrop Grumman and L3Harris mortgages on January 18, 2022 as further discussed in Note 7 , these funds became unrestricted. Additional restricted cash balances of as of December 31, 2021 were also released during the first three months of 2022 due to refinancing. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 

- years 
 Site improvements Shorter of years or remaining lease term 
 Tenant improvements Shorter of years or remaining lease term 
 Industrial equipment years 
 Tenant origination and absorption costs, and above-/below-market lease intangibles Remaining lease term 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

F-18 

Table of Contents 

 F-19 

Table of Contents 

; second quarter of 2022, ; and third quarter of 2022, ; and first quarter of 2021, ; third quarter of 2021, ; and fourth quarter of 2021, ; and year ended December 31, 2021, . The reclassifications did not affect net income (loss) or net income (loss) per share of the foregoing unaudited quarterly condensed consolidated statements of operations or consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company aggregated its investments in real estate into reportable segment. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 3. 
 operating properties located in states comprised of: industrial properties (including the TIC Interest in an industrial property not reflected in the table below, but discussed in Note 4 ), retail properties and office properties (including held for sale), and parcel of land, which currently serves as an easement to of the Company s industrial properties . 
 property held for sale and the TIC Interest: 
 Property Tenant Location Acquisition Date Property Type Land, Buildings and Improvements Equipment Tenant Origination and Absorption Costs Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization Total Investment in Real Estate Property, Net Northrop Grumman Melbourne, FL 3/7/2017 Industrial (1) ) Northrop Grumman Melbourne, FL 6/21/2018 Land Husqvarna Charlotte, NC 11/30/2017 Industrial ) AvAir Chandler, AZ 12/28/2017 Industrial ) 3M DeKalb, IL 3/29/2018 Industrial ) Taylor Fresh Foods Yuma, AZ 10/24/2019 Industrial ) Levins Sacramento, CA 12/31/2019 Industrial ) Labcorp San Carlos, CA 12/31/2019 Industrial ) WSP USA (2) San Diego, CA 12/31/2019 Industrial ) ITW Rippey El Dorado Hills, CA 12/31/2019 Industrial ) L3Harris Carlsbad, CA 12/31/2019 Industrial ) Arrow Tru-Line Archbold, OH 12/3/2021 Industrial ) Kalera Saint Paul, MN 1/31/2022 Industrial ) Lindsay Colorado Springs 1, CO 4/19/2022 Industrial ) Lindsay Colorado Springs 2, CO 4/19/2022 Industrial ) Lindsay Dacono, CO 4/19/2022 Industrial ) Lindsay Alachua, FL 4/19/2022 Industrial ) Lindsay Franklinton, NC 4/19/2022 Industrial ) Lindsay Canal Fulton 1, OH 4/19/2022 Industrial ) Lindsay Canal Fulton 2, OH 4/19/2022 Industrial ) Lindsay Rock Hill, SC 4/19/2022 Industrial ) Producto Endicott, NY 7/15/2022 Industrial ) Producto Jamestown, NY 7/15/2022 Industrial ) Valtir Centerville, UT 7/26/2022 Industrial ) Valtir Orangeburg, SC 7/26/2022 Industrial ) Valtir Fort Worth, TX 7/26/2022 Industrial ) Valtir Lima, OH 8/4/2022 Industrial ) Dollar General Litchfield, ME 11/4/2016 Retail ) Dollar General Wilton, ME 11/4/2016 Retail ) Dollar General Thompsontown, PA 11/4/2016 Retail ) Dollar General Mt. Gilead, OH 11/4/2016 Retail ) Dollar General Lakeside, OH 11/4/2016 Retail ) Dollar General Castalia, OH 11/4/2016 Retail ) Dollar General Bakersfield, CA 12/31/2019 Retail ) Dollar General Big Spring, TX 12/31/2019 Retail ) Dollar Tree Morrow, GA 12/31/2019 Retail ) PreK Education San Antonio, TX 12/31/2019 Retail ) Walgreens Santa Maria, CA 12/31/2019 Retail ) KIA/Trophy of Carson Carson, CA 1/18/2022 Retail ) 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

 ) Cummins Nashville, TN 4/4/2018 Office ) Costco Issaquah, WA 12/20/2018 Office ) GSA (MSHA) Vacaville, CA 12/31/2019 Office ) Solar Turbines San Diego, CA 12/31/2019 Office ) OES (3) Rancho Cordova, CA 12/31/2019 Office ) ) 
 (1) This property was reclassified on December 31, 2022 to industrial from office to reflect Northrop Grumman's change in use since a majority of the square footage of the property is being used as laboratory space. 
 (2) Wood Group was acquired and changed its name to WSP USA Environment Infrastructure Inc. 
 (3) The Company and Sutter Health agreed to the early termination of its lease effective December 31, 2022 for payment of an early termination fee of which was recorded as rental income in the Company's statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The property was then leased to the State of California's Office of Emergency Services OES effective January 4, 2023 for years through December 31, 2034. OES has a purchase option which OES can exercise any time from May 1, 2024 through December 31, 2026. OES also has an early termination option which OES can exercise any time on or after December 31, 2028 by giving written notice at least days prior to the date of early termination. 
 Impairment Charge / Reversal of Impairment Charge 
 In December 2022, the Company recorded an impairment charge of related to its property located in Dublin, California leased to Gap through February 28, 2023 and held for sale as of December 31, 2022. The Company determined that the impairment charge was required, based on efforts initiated during the fourth quarter of 2022 to sell the property. The impairment charge represents the excess of the property's carrying value over the property's estimated sale price less estimated selling costs for the planned sale (see Real Estate Investments Held For Sale below). 
 The reversal of impairment charge of during the year ended December 31, 2021 resulted from an adjustment to partially reverse an impairment charge recorded in December 2020 for the property located in Bedford, Texas due to its reclassification from held for sale to held for use in June 2021. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

 real estate properties: 
 Property and Location Acquisition Date Land Buildings and Improvements Equipment Tenant Origination and Absorption Costs Above- Market Lease Intangibles Acquisition Price KIA/Trophy of Carson, Carson, CA (1) 1/18/2022 Kalera, St. Paul, MN 1/31/2022 Lindsay, Colorado Springs 1, CO 4/19/2022 Lindsay, Colorado Springs 2, CO 4/19/2022 Lindsay, Dacono, CO (2) 4/19/2022 Lindsay, Alachua, FL 4/19/2022 Lindsay, Franklinton, NC 4/19/2022 Lindsay, Fulton 1, OH 4/19/2022 Lindsay, Fulton 2, OH 4/19/2022 Lindsay, Rock Hill, SC 4/19/2022 Producto, Endicott, NY 7/15/2022 Producto, Jamestown, NY 7/15/2022 Valtir, Centerville, UT 7/26/2022 Valtir, Orangeburg, SC 7/26/2022 Valtir, Fort Worth, TX 7/26/2022 Valtir, Lima, OH 8/4/2022 
 (1) In accordance with the contribution agreement for the KIA auto dealership property in Carson, California, the Company issued units of Class C limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership Class C OP Units to the seller (see Note 12 for more details) and the Company repaid the then-existing mortgage, including accrued interest, on the property (see Note 7 for more details). 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022, buildings and improvements exclude a non-refundable deposit of for funding ongoing building construction at the Lindsay property in Dacono, Colorado. This deposit is included in prepaid expenses and other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized of total revenue related to the above-acquired properties. 
 properties acquired 
 4/30/2047 Producto, for properties acquired 
 7/31/2042 Valtir, UT and TX 7/31/2037 Valtir, SC and OH 8/31/2047 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 

 real estate properties: 
 Property and Location Acquisition Date Land Buildings and Improvements Tenant Origination and Absorption Costs Total Raising Cane's, San Antonio, TX 7/26/2021 Arrow Tru-Line, Archbold, OH 12/3/2021 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized of total revenue related to the above-acquired properties. 
 Dispositions: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 real estate properties: 
 Property Location Disposition Date Property Type Rentable Square Feet Contract Sale Price Gain on Sale Bon Secours Richmond, VA 2/11/2022 Office Omnicare Richmond, VA 2/11/2022 Flex Texas Health Dallas, TX 2/11/2022 Office Accredo Orlando, FL 2/24/2022 Office EMCOR Cincinnati, OH 6/29/2022 Office Williams Sonoma Summerlin, NV 8/26/2022 Office Wyndham Summerlin, NV 9/16/2022 Office Raising Cane's San Antonio, TX 12/30/2022 Retail 
 On February 11, 2022, the Company completed the sale of medical office properties in Dallas, Texas and Richmond, Virginia leased to Texas Health and Bon Secours, respectively, and flex property in Richmond, Virginia leased to Omnicare for an aggregate sales price of , which generated net proceeds of after payment of commissions, closing costs and existing mortgages. 
 On February 24, 2022, the Company completed the sale of a medical office property in Orlando, Florida leased to Accredo for a sales price of , which generated net proceeds of after payment of commissions, closing costs and repayment of the existing mortgage. 
 On June 29, 2022, the Company completed the sale of an office property in Cincinnati, Ohio leased to EMCOR for a sales price of , which generated net proceeds of after payment of commissions and closing costs. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

 , which generated net proceeds of after payment of commissions and closing costs. 
 On September 16, 2022, the Company completed the sale of an office property in Summerlin, Nevada leased to Wyndham for a sales price of , which generated net proceeds of after payment of commissions and closing costs. 
 On December 30, 2022, the Company completed the sale of a retail property in San Antonio, Texas leased to Raising Cane's for a sales price of , which generated net proceeds of after payment of commissions and closing costs. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 properties: 
 Property Location Disposition Date Property Type Rentable Square Feet Contract Sale Price Gain on Sale Chevron Gas Station Roseville, CA 1/7/2021 Retail EcoThrift Sacramento, CA 1/29/2021 Retail Chevron Gas Station San Jose, CA 2/12/2021 Retail Dana Cedar Park, TX 7/7/2021 Industrial Harley Davidson Bedford, TX 12/21/2021 Retail 24 Hour Fitness Adjustment Total 
 On January 7, 2021, the Company completed the sale of its Roseville, California retail property, which was leased to the operator of a Chevron gas station, for , which generated net proceeds of after payment of commissions and closing costs. 
 On January 29, 2021, the Company completed the sale of its Sacramento, California retail property, which was leased to EcoThrift, for , which generated net proceeds of after repayment of the existing mortgage, commissions and closing costs. 
 On February 12, 2021, the Company completed the sale of its San Jose, California retail property, which was leased to the operator of a Chevron gas station, for , which generated net proceeds of after payment of commissions and closing costs. 
 On July 7, 2021, the Company completed the sale of its Cedar Park, Texas industrial property which was leased to Dana Incorporated, but unoccupied, for , which generated net proceeds of after repayment of the existing mortgage, commissions and closing costs. Upon the sale of the property, Dana Incorporated executed a promissory note payable to the Company for its obligation to continue to pay rent of per month through July 31, 2022 and pay its early termination fee of no later than July 31, 2022. The unpaid amount of the Company's note receivable of as of December 31, 2021 is presented as receivable from early termination of lease in the Company's consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. The note receivable monthly payments were received with full collection during the quarter ended September 30, 2022. 
 On December 21, 2021, the Company completed the sale of its Bedford, Texas retail property, which was leased to Harley Davidson, for , which generated net proceeds of after repayment of the existing mortgage, commissions and closing costs. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 

 related to the sale of its Las Vegas, Nevada retail property on December 16, 2020, which was formerly leased to 24 Hour Fitness. The refund relates to a portion of a holdback from sales proceeds to cover expenses by the buyer to prepare the property for lease, including the payment of accrued interest, common area maintenance, taxes, insurance and other related expenses and building permits to begin construction of improvements on the property. The refund was recognized as an adjustment to the estimate of the amount which was expected to be received and was included in gain on sale of real estate investments, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 Asset Concentration: 
 Lindsay, properties acquired in Colorado ), Ohio ), North Carolina, South Carolina and Florida 
 Total 
 The Company held no real estate property with a net book value that was greater than 10 of its total assets as of December 31, 2021. 
 Rental Income Concentration: 
 KIA/Trophy of Carson, Carson, CA Total 
 (1) Includes early termination fee of . 
 No tenant represented the source of 10 of rental income during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Operating Leases: 
 The Company s real estate properties are primarily leased to tenants under net leases for which terms and expirations vary. The Company monitors the credit of all tenants to stay abreast of any material changes in credit quality. The Company monitors tenant credit by (1) reviewing the credit ratings of tenants (or their parent companies or lease guarantors) that are rated by nationally recognized rating agencies; (2) reviewing financial statements and related metrics and information that are publicly available or that are required to be provided pursuant to the lease; (3) monitoring news reports and press releases regarding the tenants (or their parent companies or lease guarantors), and their underlying business and industry; and (4) monitoring the timeliness of rent collections. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

 properties, including the properties leased to (i) Cummins in Nashville, Tennessee for an additional through February 28, 2024, (ii) ITW Rippey in El Dorado, California for an additional through July 31, 2029 and (iii) Williams Sonoma in Summerlin, Nevada for an additional through October 31, 2025, which was sold on August 26, 2022. These lease extensions resulted in an average increase in lease term of years and an average annual increase in rents of as of March 31, 2022, the end of the quarter during which they were all executed. On January 23, 2023, the Company executed a lease extension for the property leased to Solar Turbines for an additional through July 31, 2025 with a increase in rent effective August 1, 2023 and a increase in rent effective August 1, 2024. This is the third lease extension executed by Solar Turbines, which has occupied the Company's property located in San Diego, California since 2008. 
 The Company and Sutter Health agreed to the early termination of its lease effective December 31, 2022 for payment of an early termination fee of , which was recorded as rental income in the Company's statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The property was then leased to OES effective January 4, 2023 for years through December 31, 2034, with a purchase option which OES can exercise any time from May 1, 2024 through December 31, 2026 and an early termination option which OES can exercise any time on or after December 31, 2028. 
 As discussed above, the Company also acquired properties and sold properties during the year ended December 31, 2022. Moreover, as of December 31, 2022, the Company classified property as real estate investment held for sale, as discussed in more detail below. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Intangible Assets, Net Related to the Company's Real Estate: 
 ) ) Accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) Net amount ) ) 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 

 years as of December 31, 2022. 
 ) 2024 ) 2025 ) 2026 ) 2027 ) Thereafter ) ) Weighted-average remaining amortization period years years years 
 Real Estate Investments Held For Sale: 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company classified a real estate investment property leased to Gap through February 28, 2023 as held for sale, and as of December 31, 2021, the Company classified healthcare related properties as held for sale. These properties are presented in the Company s consolidated balance sheets as real estate investments held for sale, net as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The property formerly leased to Gap and classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2022 is in escrow and scheduled to be sold by the end of March 2023 (see Note 14 ). The healthcare related properties classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2021 consisted of office properties (the property leased to Accredo Health through December 31, 2024 located in Orlando, Florida; the property leased to Bon Secours Health through August 31, 2026 located in Richmond, Virginia; and the property leased to Texas Health through December 31, 2025 located in Dallas, Texas) and flex property leased to Omnicare through May 31, 2026 located in Richmond, Virginia. All healthcare related properties were sold in February 2022, as discussed above. 
 Tenant origination and absorption costs Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Real estate investments held for sale, net Other assets, net Total assets related to real estate investments held for sale: Liabilities related to real estate investments held for sale: Mortgage notes payable, net Other liabilities, net Total liabilities related to real estate investments held for sale: 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

 Expenses: Interest expense Depreciation and amortization Other expenses Impairment of real estate properties Total expenses Net (loss) income ) 
 
 NOTE 4. 

During 2017, the Company, through a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, acquired an approximate TIC Interest. The remaining approximate undivided interest in the Santa Clara property is held by Hagg Lane II, LLC (approximately and Hagg Lane III, LLC (approximately ). The manager of both Hagg Lane II, LLC and Hagg Lane III, LLC was a member of the Company's board of directors from December 2019 to December 2021. The Santa Clara property does not qualify as a variable interest entity and consolidation is not required as the Company's TIC Interest does not control the property. Therefore, the Company accounts for the TIC Interest using the equity method. The property lease expiration date is March 16, 2026 and the lease provides for renewal options. 
 The Company receives an approximate of the cash flow distributions and recognizes approximately of the results of operations. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received and in cash distributions, respectively. The decrease in distributions in 2022 reflects the establishment and use of cash reserves to fund a roof replacement project. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 

 Cash and cash equivalents Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Mortgage notes payable, net Below-market lease, net Other liabilities Total liabilities Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Total revenue Expenses: Depreciation and amortization Interest expense Other expenses Total expenses Net income 
 
 NOTE 5. 
 Impairment of goodwill ) Ending balance 
 The Company conducted its annual impairment analysis as of December 31, 2021 using qualitative factors and concluded that no impairment to goodwill was necessary. For the quarter ended March 31, 2022, management considered the decline of the trading price of the Company s Class C common stock following its listing on the NYSE in February 2022, causing the Company's market capitalization to be below the book value of the Company s equity as of March 31, 2022, to be a triggering event. Management performed a quantitative impairment assessment considering expected future cash flows, market conditions and expectations of increases in interest rates and concluded that there was an impairment of goodwill that was not expected to be temporary as of March 31, 2022. Events subsequent to March 31, 2022 and prior to the Company's filing of its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2022, including rising inflation and interest rates, and declining office occupancy rates affecting owners of real estate properties, further supported such conclusion. Based on the quantitative analysis, the value of goodwill was written off, resulting in a non-cash expense of for the three months ended March 31, 2022. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 6. 
 Tenant rent and billed reimbursements Unbilled tenant reimbursements Total 
 
 Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets 
 Miscellaneous receivables Prepaid expenses Deposits Deferred financing costs on credit facility revolver Total 
 
 Accounts Payable, Accrued and Other Liabilities 
 Accrued expenses Accrued distributions Accrued interest payable Unearned rent Lease incentive obligation Total 
 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 7. 
 01/01/2030 Taylor Fresh Foods property 11/01/2029 OES property (3) 03/09/2024 Six Dollar General properties (4) Dollar General, Bakersfield property (4) Dollar General, Big Spring property (4) Northrop Grumman property (4) exp US Services property (4) Wyndham property (4) Williams Sonoma property (4) EMCOR property (4) Husqvarna property (4) AvAir property (4) 3M property (4) Cummins property (4) Levins property (4) Labcorp property (4) GSA (MSHA) property (4) PreK Education property (4) Solar Turbines, WSP USA, ITW Rippey properties (4) Gap property (4) L3Harris property (4) Walgreens Santa Maria property (4) Total mortgage notes payable Plus unamortized mortgage premium, net (5) Less unamortized deferred financing costs ) ) Mortgage notes payable, net 
 (1) Contractual interest rate represents the interest rate in effect under the mortgage note payable as of December 31, 2022 for the three property mortgages that were not refinanced through a drawdown from the Credit Facility (defined and discussed below) with KeyBank National Association KeyBank given their prepayment penalties. 
 (2) Effective interest rate is calculated as the actual interest rate in effect as of December 31, 2022 consisting of the contractual interest rate, and for information as of December 31, 2021, consisting of the contractual interest rate and the effect of the interest rate swap, if applicable (see Note 8 for further information regarding the Company s derivative instruments as of December 31, 2021). 
 (3) The Company and Sutter Health agreed to the early termination of its lease effective December 31, 2022. The property was then leased to OES effective January 4, 2023 for years through December 31, 2034 (see Note 3 for more details related to the termination of the lease agreement with Sutter Health and the subsequent lease of the property to OES). 
 (4) The loan was fully repaid on January 18, 2022 through a drawdown from the Credit Facility. 
 (5) Represents unamortized net mortgage premium acquired through the merger with REIT I. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 

 Less: full repayments of mortgages on January 18, 2022 ) ) Remaining balance 
 The payoff values of the loans refinanced on January 18, 2022 approximate their face values as of December 31, 2021. 
 Disclosures of the fair values of financial instruments are based on pertinent information available to the Company as of the period end and require a significant amount of judgment. The actual value could be materially different from the Company s estimate of value. 
 Mortgage Notes Payable Related to Real Estate Investments Held For Sale, Net 
 As discussed in detail in Note 3 , the Company classified properties as real estate held for sale as of December 31, 2021, which were collateral for mortgage notes payable. There was no mortgage note payable related to the Company's real estate investment held for sale as of December 31, 2022. 
 Omnicare property Texas Health property Bon Secours property Total Less deferred financing costs ) Mortgage notes payable related to real estate investments held for sale, net 
 Credit Facility, Net 
 On January 18, 2022, the Company's Operating Partnership entered into a credit agreement Credit Agreement providing for a revolving line of credit, which may be extended by up to months subject to certain conditions (the Revolver ), and a term loan (the Term Loan and together with the Revolver, the Credit Facility with KeyBank and the other lending institutions party thereto (collectively, the Lenders ), including KeyBank as Agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the Agent ), BMO Capital Markets, Truist Bank and The Huntington National Bank as Co-Syndication Agents (the Co-Syndication Agents and KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., BMO Capital Markets, Inc., Truist Securities, Inc. and The Huntington National Bank as Joint-Lead Arrangers (the Lead Arrangers ). The Credit Facility is available for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, acquisitions, repayment of existing indebtedness and capital expenditures. On October 21, 2022, the Company exercised the accordion feature of its Credit Agreement and increased the Credit Facility from to as further described below. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 

 as of September 30, 2022, the spread over the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), including a -basis point credit adjustment, is basis points and the interest rate on the Revolver was as of December 31, 2022. The Company also pays an annual unused fee of up to basis points on the Revolver, depending on the daily amount of the unused commitment, and paid total unused fees of for the year ended December 31, 2022. On May 10, 2022, the Company entered into a swap agreement, effective May 31, 2022, to fix SOFR at with respect to its original Term Loan as described in Note 8, which resulted in a fixed interest rate on the Term Loan of based on the Company's leverage ratio as of December 31, 2022. 
 The increased Credit Facility of is now comprised of a Revolver and a Term Loan. The Credit Facility includes an updated accordion option that allows the Company to request additional Revolver and Term Loan lender commitments up to a total of subject to customary conditions, including the receipt of new commitments from the Lenders. On December 20, 2022, the Credit Agreement was amended to allow the Company to draw on the additional Term Loan commitment up to times between December 20, 2022 and April 19, 2023 in exchange for a quarterly unused fee, which amounted to during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. The maturities for the Company s Revolver and Term Loan remain unchanged with the Revolver s maturity in January 2026 with options to extend for a total of months, and the Term Loan s maturity in January 2027. The Company paid lender fees of in connection with the expansion of its Credit Facility. 
 On October 26, 2022, the Company entered into a swap agreement, effective November 30, 2022, to fix SOFR at with respect to its expanded Term Loan as described in Note 8, which would result in a fixed interest rate of on the additional to be borrowed under the Term Loan based on the Company's leverage ratio as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Credit Facility includes customary representations, warranties and covenants, including covenants regarding minimum fixed charge coverage of x, minimum tangible net worth of plus of net offering proceeds after January 18, 2022, and maximum consolidated leverage of . The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of December 31, 2022. The Credit Facility is secured by a pledge of all of the Operating Partnership s equity interests in certain of the single-purpose, property-owning entities (the Subsidiary Guarantors that are indirectly owned by the Company, and various cash collateral owned by the Operating Partnership and the Subsidiary Guarantors. In connection with the Credit Facility, the Company and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors entered into an Unconditional Guaranty of Payment and Performance in favor of the Agent, pursuant to which the Company and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors agreed to guarantee the full and prompt payment of the Operating Partnership s obligations under the Credit Agreement. 
 While the Credit Facility allows for borrowings of up to of the Company's borrowing base, the Company is targeting leverage of or lower over the long-term once it achieves scale; however, the Company will consider higher leverage in the near-term if it identifies attractive acquisition opportunities in advance of completing dispositions or raising additional equity. 
 Credit Facility Drawdown and Repayments 
 On January 18, 2022, the Company borrowed from its Credit Facility consisting of under the Term Loan and under the Revolver. The Company used a portion of the proceeds from the Credit Facility to pay total commitment and arrangement fees of to the Agent, the Lenders, the Lead Arrangers and Co-Syndication Agents. 
 The Company used a portion of the proceeds from the Credit Facility to repay property mortgages, and related interest aggregating , including the mortgage on the KIA auto dealership property which was acquired on January 18, 2022, as discussed above, and the Company's prior line of credit outstanding balance of . The mortgages that were paid off were for the following properties: Dollar Generals, Northrop Grumman, exp Maitland, Wyndham, Williams Sonoma, EMCOR, Husqvarna, AvAir, 3M, Cummins, Levins, Labcorp, GSA (MHSA), PreK Education, ITW Rippey, Solar Turbines, WSP USA (formerly Wood Group), Gap, L3Harris and Walgreens. After the property mortgages were paid-off, property mortgages as of December 31, 2021 remained outstanding, including property mortgages related to assets held for sale. Those mortgages were paid-off pursuant to sales of the properties in February 2022 as discussed above. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 

 of the outstanding balance on the Revolver with cash on hand in order to reduce interest expense, and on April 19, 2022, the Company drew on the Revolver to fund the acquisition of the Lindsay properties. On April 25, 2022, the Company drew the remaining on the Term Loan which was utilized as a repayment of the Revolver and the Company also repaid on the Revolver on June 22, 2022. The Company borrowed and repaid on the Revolver during the three months ended September 30, 2022 in connection with acquisitions completed in July and August 2022 and dispositions completed in August and September 2022. 
 The Company used proceeds from the Sutter Health early termination fee to prepay on the Revolver in December 2022 and prepaid the remaining Revolver balance on January 5, 2023 with the proceeds from the December 30, 2022 sale of the Company s Raising Cane s property. On January 26, 2023, the Company borrowed on its Term Loan in connection with a property acquisition as further discussed in Note 14 . As of February 28, 2023, the Company had availability under the Credit Facility, prior to any new properties being added to the borrowing base, of which can be drawn for general corporate purposes, including future acquisitions. 
 Prior Credit Facility 
 On March 29, 2021, the Company entered into a credit facility with Banc of California (the Prior Credit Facility for an aggregate line of credit of with a maturity date of March 30, 2023. Under the terms of the Prior Credit Facility, the Company paid a variable rate of interest on outstanding amounts equal to percentage point over the prime rate published in The Wall Street Journal, provided that the interest rate in effect on any one day was not less than per annum. The Company paid Banc of California origination fees of in connection with the Prior Credit Facility in March 2021 and paid an unused commitment fee of per annum of the unused portion of the Prior Credit Facility, charged quarterly in arrears based on the average unused commitment available under the Prior Credit Facility. The Company's prior line of credit outstanding balance of was settled on January 18, 2022 and the prior line of credit was closed. 
 Compliance with All Debt Agreements 
 Pursuant to the terms of mortgage notes payable on certain of the Company s properties and the Credit Facility, the Company and/or the subsidiary borrowers are subject to certain financial loan covenants. The Company and/or the subsidiary borrowers were in compliance with such financial loan covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 Future Principal Repayments 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total principal Plus: unamortized mortgage premium, net of discount Less: deferred financing costs, net (2) ) ) ) Total 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not drawn on its additional Term Loan commitment from the Lenders. 
 (2) Deferred financing costs, net for the Revolver is reflected in prepaid expenses and other assets. 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization of deferred financing costs Swap termination costs Gain on interest rate swap valuation (1) ) Credit facility: Interest expense Amortization of deferred financing costs Unrealized gain on interest rate swap valuations (2) ) Other loan fees and costs Total interest expense 
 (1) Accrued interest payable of as of December 31, 2021 represented the unsettled portion of the interest rate swaps for the period from origination of the interest rate swap through the balance sheet date. 
 (2) The Company entered into swap transactions for its original Term Loan and additional Term Loan commitment, effective May 31, 2022 and November 30, 2022, respectively, which are further described in Note 8 . 
 
 NOTE 8. 
 swap agreement to fix SOFR at effective May 31, 2022 related to the variable interest rate on its original Term Loan. The Company designated the pay-fixed, receive-floating interest rate swap with the terms described in the table below as of July 1, 2022. The swap agreement matures on January 15, 2027 and the financial institution counterparty has a one-time option to cancel the swap on December 31, 2024. 
 On October 26, 2022, the Company, through its Operating Partnership, entered into another swap agreement to fix SOFR at effective November 30, 2022 related to the variable interest rate on its additional Term Loan commitment. The Company designated the pay-fixed, receive-floating interest rate swap with the terms described in the table below as of November 30, 2022. The swap agreement matures on November 30, 2027 and the financial institution counterparty has a one-time option to cancel the swap on December 31, 2024. 
 In prior years, the Company, through its limited liability company subsidiaries entered into interest rate swap agreements with amortizing notional amounts relating to of its mortgage notes payable. These swap agreements, which were in place as of December 31, 2021, were terminated on January 18, 2022 in connection with refinancings discussed in Note 7 . The notional amount is an indication of the extent of the Company s involvement in each instrument at that time, but does not represent exposure to credit, interest rate or market risks. On January 18, 2022, the Company terminated the swap agreements related to mortgages on the 3M, Cummins, Wyndham and Williams Sonoma properties at an aggregate cost of , which is included in loss on early extinguishment of debt in the Company's statement of operations. During the quarter ended March 31, 2021, the Company terminated the swap agreements related to mortgages on the GSA and Eco-Thrift properties at aggregate costs of . Such termination fees are included in interest expense in the Company's statement of operations (See Note 7 for interest expense details). 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 

 USD - SOFR years One-month LIBOR + applicable spread/Fixed at - 
 years 
 (i) The minimum notional amounts (outstanding principal balance at the maturity date) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 
 (ii) Based on the terms of the Credit Facility, the fixed pay rate increases if the Company's leverage ratio increases above . 
 Interest Rate Swap Liability - Interest rate swap derivative, at fair value ) ) 
 The interest rate swap derivative on the original Term Loan was designated as a cash flow hedge for financial accounting purposes beginning July 1, 2022 and therefore the change in fair value of for the period through December 31, 2022 was recorded as unrealized holding gain on interest rate swap designated as a cash flow hedge in the Company's consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The change in fair value of this derivative instrument of for the period from May 31, 2022 to June 30, 2022 that was not designated as a cash flow hedge for financial accounting purposes was recorded as an unrealized gain on interest rate swap valuation as of June 30, 2022 and a reduction to interest expense in the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations accompanying the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. Beginning July 1, 2022 through December 31, 2024, the related interest rate swap derivative asset will be amortized to interest expense with a credit to accumulated other comprehensive income in the Company's consolidated balance sheet. The amortization of interest rate swap derivative asset for the six months ended December 31, 2022 was . 
 The fair value of the interest rate swap derivative on the additional Term Loan commitment of for the period from November 30, 2022 to December 31, 2022 that does not qualify as a cash flow hedge for financial accounting purposes was recorded as an unrealized loss on interest rate swap valuation as of December 31, 2022 and an increase to interest expense in the Company's consolidated statement of operations. 
 The change in fair value of the derivative instruments as of December 31, 2021 that were not designated as cash flow hedges for financial accounting purposes were recorded as interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. None of the Company s derivatives as of December 31, 2021 were designated as hedging instruments; therefore, the net gain recognized was recorded as a reduction in the loss on early extinguishment of debt for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 and the net on interest rate swaps of was recorded as a decrease in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021. The loss on early extinguishment of debt for the three months ended March 31, 2022 includes the actual cost of terminating the interest rate swap derivatives in January 2022 of , which was offset by a corresponding reversal of the liability of for interest rate swap derivatives as of December 31, 2021. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 9. 
 shares of preferred stock. In connection with an underwritten public offering in September 2021 (discussed below in detail), the Company classified and designated shares of its authorized preferred stock as authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock. As of December 31, 2022, shares of authorized Series A Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. 
 Underwritten Offering - Series A Preferred Stock 
 On September 14, 2021, the Company and the Operating Partnership entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc., as representative of the underwriters listed on Schedule I thereto (collectively, the Underwriters ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock, with a liquidation preference of per share, in the Preferred Offering at a price per share of . In addition, the Company granted the Underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, which the Underwriters exercised in full on September 16, 2021. 
 In the Underwriting Agreement, the Company and the Operating Partnership made certain customary representations, warranties and covenants and agreed to indemnify the Underwriters against certain liabilities. The issuance and sale of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock, including the issuance and sale of shares pursuant to the Underwriters full exercise of their option to purchase additional shares, closed and the Series A Preferred Stock began trading on the NYSE on September 17, 2021. 
 The gross proceeds from the Preferred Offering were and the net proceeds were , after deducting the underwriting discount of and other offering costs of . 
 The Company contributed of the net proceeds from the Preferred Offering prior to other offering costs to the Operating Partnership in exchange for a new class of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units of the Operating Partnership, which have economic interests that are substantially similar to the designations, preferences and other rights of Series A Preferred Stock. The Company, acting through the Operating Partnership, used the net proceeds from such contribution for general corporate purposes, including purchases of additional properties and other real estate and real estate-related assets. 
 Series A Preferred Stock - Terms 
 Holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to cumulative dividends in the amount of per share each year, which is equivalent to the rate of of the liquidation preference per share per annum. The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will remain outstanding indefinitely unless redeemed, converted or otherwise repurchased. Except in limited circumstances relating to the Company's qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and as described in the articles supplementary governing the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock (the Articles Supplementary ), the Series A Preferred Stock is not redeemable prior to September 17, 2026. 
 On and after September 17, 2026, at any time and from time to time, the Series A Preferred Stock will be redeemable in whole or in part, at the Company's option, at a cash redemption price of per share, plus an amount equal to all dividends accrued and unpaid (whether or not authorized or declared), if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. In addition, upon the occurrence of a Delisting Event or a Change of Control (each as defined in the Articles Supplementary), the Company may, subject to certain conditions, at its option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, (i) after the first date on which the Delisting Event occurred or (ii) on, or within days after, the first date on which the Change of Control occurred, as applicable, by paying the liquidation preference of per share, plus an amount equal to all dividends accrued and unpaid (whether or not authorized or declared), if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 

 per annum to the rate of of the liquidation preference per share per annum (equivalent to per share each year) from and after the date of the Delisting Event. Following the cure of such Delisting Event, the dividend rate will revert to the rate of of the liquidation preference per share per annum. The necessary conditions to convert the Series A Preferred Stock into the Company's Class C common stock have not been met as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to the Company's Class C common stock with respect to dividend rights and rights upon the Company s voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 Voting rights for holders of Series A Preferred Stock exist primarily with respect to the ability to elect additional directors to the board of directors if six or more quarterly dividends (whether or not authorized or declared or consecutive) payable on the Series A Preferred Stock are in arrears, and with respect to voting on amendments to the Company s charter (which includes the Articles Supplementary) that materially and adversely affect the rights of the Series A Preferred Stock or create additional classes or series of shares of the Company s capital stock that are senior to the Series A Preferred Stock. Other than the limited circumstances described above and in the Articles Supplementary, holders of Series A Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights. 
 Series A Preferred Stock Dividends 
 Dividends on the Company's Series A Preferred Stock accrue in an amount equal to per share each year per share per quarter) to holders of Series A Preferred Stock, which is equivalent to of the liquidation preference per share per annum. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are cumulative and payable quarterly in arrears on the 15th day of January, April, July and October of each year (or, if not a business day, the next succeeding business day) to holders of record on the applicable record date. Any accrued and unpaid dividends payable with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock become part of the liquidation preference thereof. 
 On November 11, 2021, the Company s board of directors declared Series A Preferred Stock dividends payable of for the fourth quarter of 2021, including of accrued dividends as of September 30, 2021, all of which were accrued as of December 31, 2021 and paid on January 18, 2022. On March 18, 2022, June 15, 2022 and September 15, 2022, the Company s board of directors declared Series A Preferred Stock dividends payable of for each of the first, second and third quarters of 2022, which were paid on April 15, 2022, July 15, 2022 and October 17, 2022, respectively. On November 7, 2022, the Company s board of directors declared Series A Preferred Stock dividends payable of for the fourth quarter of 2022, which were accrued as of December 31, 2022 and paid on January 17, 2023 (see Note 14 ). 
 Common Stock Listed Offering 
 On February 10, 2022, the Company and the Operating Partnership entered into an underwriting agreement (the Class C Common Stock Underwriting Agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc., as the underwriter listed on Schedule I thereto, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell shares of the Company s Class C common stock in an underwritten Listed Offering at a price per share of . On February 15, 2022, the Company completed the Listed Offering of its Class C common stock, and in connection with the Listed Offering, the Company sold to Mr. Wirta, the Company s former Chairman of the board of directors, all shares of its Class C common stock offered in the Listed Offering at per share for aggregate net proceeds of , after deducting the underwriting discount of and other offering costs of . The primary purpose of the Listed Offering was to provide liquidity to the Company s existing stockholders. The shares of Class C common stock began trading on the NYSE on February 11, 2022. In connection with the Listed Offering and upon the listing on the NYSE, each share of the Company's Class S common stock was converted into a share of Class C common stock. 
 Common Stock Distributions 
 Aggregate distributions declared per share of Class C common stock were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Aggregate distributions declared per share of Class S common stock were for the year ended December 31, 2021. The aggregate distributions paid per share of Class S common stock for the year ended December 31, 2021 were net of the deferred selling commission. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 10. 
 
 Value of shares issued for services rendered Total Number of shares issued for services rendered 
 Transactions with Other Related Parties 
 As discussed in Note 3 , on January 31, 2022, the Company acquired an industrial property in Saint Paul, Minnesota, which is leased to Kalera, Inc. The acquisition of the Kalera, Inc. property was introduced to the Company by Curtis B. McWilliams, one of the Company's independent directors. Since Mr. McWilliams was serving as the Interim Chief Executive Officer of Kalera, Inc. at the time of the transaction, all of the disinterested members of the Company's board of directors approved this transaction. 
 Related Party Transactions with Unconsolidated Investment in a Real Estate Property 
 The Company's taxable REIT subsidiary serves as the asset manager of the TIC Interest property and earned asset management fees of for both years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, including the Company's approximate share which was for both years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 NOTE 11. 
 and , respectively, for on-site and tenant improvements to be incurred by tenants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had restricted cash and of restricted cash, respectively, held to fund other building improvements and leasing commissions. Pursuant to the refinancing of the related mortgage notes payable on January 18, 2022 as discussed in Note 7 , the restricted cash as of December 31, 2021 was released. 
 Legal Matters 
 From time-to-time, the Company may become party to legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of its business. The Company, including its subsidiaries, is not a party to any legal proceeding, nor is the Company aware of any pending or threatened litigation that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition should such litigation be resolved unfavorably. 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 12. 
 units of Class M limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership Class M OP Units and assumed certain liabilities (the Self-Management Transaction ). As a result of the Self-Management Transaction, the Company became self-managed and eliminated all fees for acquisitions, dispositions and management of its properties, which were previously paid to its former external advisor. The consideration transferred as of December 31, 2019 was determined to have a fair value of based on a probability weighted analysis of achieving the requisite assets under management AUM and adjusted funds from operations AFFO hurdles. 
 The Class M OP Units were issued to Daisho on December 31, 2019 in connection with the Self-Management Transaction and are non-voting, non-dividend accruing, and were not able to be converted or exchanged prior to the one-year anniversary of the Self-Management Transaction. Investors holding units in BrixInvest received Daisho units in a ratio of :1 for an aggregate of Daisho units. During 2020, Daisho distributed the Class M OP Units to its members. The Class M OP Units are convertible into Class C OP Units at a conversion ratio of Class C OP Units for each one Class M OP Unit, subject to a reduction in the conversion ratio (which reduction will vary depending upon the amount of time held) if the exchange occurs prior to the anniversary of the completion of the Self-Management Transaction. 
 of the Class M conversion ratio 
 From December 31, 2021 to December 30, 2022 of the Class M conversion ratio 
 From December 31, 2022 to December 30, 2023 of the Class M conversion ratio 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, no Class M OP Units had been converted to Class C OP Units. 
 The Class M OP Units are eligible for an increase in the conversion ratio (conversion ratio enhancement) if the Company achieves both of the targets for AUM and AFFO in a given year as set forth below: 
 Hurdles AUM AFFO Class M in billions) Per Share ) Conversion Ratio Initial Conversion Ratio 1:1.6667 Fiscal Year 2021 1:1.9167 Fiscal Year 2022 1:2.5000 Fiscal Year 2023 1:3.0000 
 The hurdles for AUM and AFFO per share were not met for fiscal year 2022 or 2021. 
 Based on the current conversion ratio of Class C OP Units for each one Class M OP Unit, if a Class M OP Unit is converted on or after December 31, 2023, and based on the NYSE closing share price of as of December 30, 2022, the last trading day of 2022, a Class M OP Unit would be valued at . This value does not reflect the early conversion rate or the future conversion enhancement ratio of the Class M OP Units, as discussed above, and the units of Class P limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership Class P OP Units ), as discussed below. 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 

 Class C OP Units for each one Class P OP Unit; provided, however, that the foregoing conversion ratio shall be subject to increase on generally the same terms and conditions as the Class M OP Units, as set forth above. 
 The AUM and AFFO per share hurdles for the Class P OP Units were not met for fiscal year 2022 or 2021. The Company will adjust stock compensation expense prospectively if the future conversion enhancement ratio is achieved during fiscal 2023. 
 On December 31, 2019, the Company issued a total of Class P OP Units to Aaron S. Halfacre, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President, and Raymond J. Pacini, the Company's Chief Financial Officer, including Class P OP Units issued in exchange for Messrs. Halfacre's and Pacini's agreements to forfeit a similar number of restricted units in BrixInvest in connection with the Self-Management Transaction. The remaining Class P OP Units were issued to both executives as signing bonuses and as a portion of their incentive compensation for 2020 in connection with their entry into restrictive covenant agreements. The Class P OP Units were valued based on the estimated NAV per share of (unaudited) when issued on December 31, 2019 and the expected minimum conversion ratio of Class C OP Units for each one Class P OP Unit, which resulted in a valuation of . This amount is amortized on a straight-line basis over months through March 31, 2024, the expected vesting date of the units, as a periodic charge to stock compensation expense. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company amortized and charged to stock compensation expense for both years for Class P OP Units. The unamortized value of these units was as of December 31, 2022. 
 Under the Operating Partnership Agreement, once the Class M OP Units or Class P OP Units are converted into Class C OP Units, they will be exchangeable for the Company s shares of Class C common stock on a -for-1 basis, or for cash at the sole and absolute discretion of the Company. The Company recorded the ownership interests of the Class M OP Units and Class P OP Units as a noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership which represented a combined total of approximately of the equity in the Operating Partnership on December 31, 2019. As of December 31, 2022, these interests represent a combined total of approximately of the equity in the Operating Partnership. 
 Class R OP Units 
 On January 25, 2021, the compensation committee of the Company's board of directors recommended, and the board of directors approved, the grant of units of Class R limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership Class R OP Units to Mr. Halfacre in recognition of his voluntary reduction in his 2020 compensation, plus Class R OP Units to Mr. Halfacre as equity incentive compensation for the next , and the grant of Class R OP Units to Mr. Pacini as equity incentive compensation for the next . An additional Class R OP Units were granted to the remainder of the employees of the Company for a total of Class R OP Units granted. All Class R OP Units granted vest and are mandatorily convertible into Class C OP Units on March 31, 2024 at a conversion ratio of :1, which conversion ratio can increase to 1:2.5 Class C OP Units if the Company generates funds from operations of , or more, per weighted average fully-diluted share outstanding for the year ending December 31, 2023. The Company concluded that as of each quarter end, including December 31, 2022, achieving the performance target to trigger the increased conversion ratio for the Class R OP Units is not deemed probable. The Company will adjust compensation expense prospectively if achieving the enhancement is deemed probable though the remainder of the vesting period. 
 Stock compensation expense related to the Class R OP Units is based on the estimated value per share, including a discount for the illiquid nature of the underlying equity, and is being recognized over the vesting period. Of the Class R OP Units granted, due to the departure of employees, and Class R OP Units were forfeited during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The units, at the discretion of the board of directors, may be reallocated to existing or new employees. The cumulative number of units forfeited and not yet reallocated through December 31, 2022 aggregated units. 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, for the Class R OP Units. The unamortized value of the remaining units was as of December 31, 2022. 
 Class R OP Units Class C common stock issued to the board of directors for services (see Note 10) Total 
 Class C OP Units 
 On January 18, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of a KIA auto dealership property in an UPREIT transaction pursuant to a contribution agreement whereby the seller received Class C OP Units based on the terms of the Operating Partnership Agreement and an agreed upon value of per unit, representing approximately of the property s value (the UPREIT Transaction ). The holder of the Class C OP Units may require the redemption of all or a portion of these units and the Company has the option to redeem the units for cash or shares of Class C common stock. The Class C OP Units received in distributions during the year ended December 31, 2022 and were allocated of the net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 NOTE) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest in Operating Partnership 
 Preferred stock dividends 
 ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders 
 ) ) Numerator - Diluted: 
 Net loss 
 ) ) Preferred stock dividends 
 ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders 
 ) ) Denominator: 
 Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 Loss per share attributable to common stockholders: 
 Basic and diluted 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average dilutive effect of and , respectively, shares related to units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership as discussed in Note 12 were excluded from the computation of Diluted EPS because their effect would be anti-dilutive. There were no other outstanding securities or commitments to issue common stock that would have a dilutive effect for the periods then ended. 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 14. 
 for the fourth quarter of 2022, which were declared by the Company s board of directors on November 7, 2022. 
 On March 9, 2023, the Company s board of directors declared Series A Preferred Stock dividends payable of for the first quarter of 2023, which are scheduled to be paid on April 17, 2023. 
 Common Stock and Class C OP Unit Distributions 
 On August 18, 2022, the Company's board of directors authorized monthly distributions payable to common stockholders and Class C OP Unit holders of record as of December 30, 2022, which were paid on January 25, 2023. The monthly distribution amount of per share represents an annualized distribution rate of per share of common stock. 
 On November 7, 2022, the Company's board of directors authorized monthly distributions payable to common stockholders and Class C OP Unit holders of record as of January 31, 2023, which were paid on February 24, 2023. The monthly distribution amount of per share represents an annualized distribution rate of per share of common stock. 
 On November 7, 2022, the Company s board of directors authorized monthly distributions payable to common stockholders and Class C OP Unit holders of record as of February 28, 2023 and March 31, 2023, which will paid on or about March 24, 2023 and April 25, 2023, respectively. The monthly distribution amount of per share represents an annualized distribution rate of per share of common stock. 
 On March 9, 2023, the Company s board of directors authorized monthly distributions payable to common stockholders and Class C OP Unit holders of record as of April 28, 2023, May 31, 2023 and June 30, 2023, which will paid on or about May 25, 2023, June 26, 2023 and July 25, 2023, respectively. The monthly distribution amount of per share represents an annualized distribution rate of per share of common stock. 
 Real Estate Acquisition 
 On January 26, 2023, the Company acquired an industrial property located in Princeton, Minnesota leased to Plastic Products Company, Inc., which is a custom thermoplastic, metal and ceramic injection molder that has been in business since 1962. The purchase price of represents an initial cap rate of and a weighted average cap rate of . The Company defines initial cap rate for property acquisitions as the initial annual cash rent divided by the purchase price of the property. The Company defines weighted average cap rate for property acquisitions as the average annual cash rent including rent escalations over the lease term, divided by the purchase price of the property. The property has a lease in place for a remaining term of years with a rent increase on November 1, 2023 and annual rent escalations of thereafter. The Company funded this acquisition with a portion of a draw under its additional Term Loan commitment. The seller of the property was not affiliated with the Company or its affiliates. 
 Real Estate Disposition 
 On February 8, 2023, the Company and the prospective buyer amended their agreement for the sale of the office property in Rocklin, California formerly leased to Gap for a sales price of . Under this amendment, the Company agreed to extend the buyer s financing contingency to March 7, 2023 and the outside closing date to March 21, 2023 in exchange for the buyer s release of its original deposit of to the Company and an additional deposited into escrow. On March 7, 2023, the Company and the prospective buyer further amended their agreement to extend the buyer s financing contingency to April 12, 2023 and the outside closing date to April 26, 2023 in exchange for the buyer s release of additional deposits of to the Company. In a separate letter agreement, the buyer also agreed to reimburse the Company for its carrying costs on the property during the extension period. 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 

 . The early termination fee was recorded as rental income in the Company's statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The property was then leased to OES effective January 4, 2023 for years through December 31, 2034. OES has a purchase option which OES may exercise anytime from May 1, 2024 through December 31, 2026, and an early termination option which OES may exercise anytime on or after December 31, 2028 by giving written notice at least days prior to the date of early termination. 
 Effective January 23, 2023, the Company extended the lease term of its Solar Turbines property located in San Diego, California from July 31, 2023 to July 31, 2025 with a increase in rent commencing August 1, 2023 and a increase in rent effective August 1, 2024. This is the third lease extension executed by Solar Turbines, which has occupied the Company s property located in San Diego, California since 2008. 
 Property Leased to Kalera, Inc. 
 Between January 2023 and the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company received mechanics lien statements from contractors who performed work on behalf of Kalera, Inc. to complete various interior improvements at the Company's property located in Saint Paul, Minnesota. The mechanics lien statements refer to construction materials that were delivered and related work that was performed to make this facility operational and amount to in the aggregate. The Company is in discussions with Kalera, Inc. to have these mechanics liens removed and to complete construction work at the facility to make it fully operational. 
 Term Loan Commitment Drawdown 
 On January 25, 2023, the Company borrowed under its additional Term Loan commitment. The Company used a portion of the proceeds from the draw on the Term Loan commitment to acquire a property located in Princeton, Minnesota leased to Plastic Products Company, Inc. as discussed above. 
 F-45 

Table of Contents 

 ) Northrop Grumman Parcel Melbourne, FL 06-21-2018 Husqvarna Charlotte, NC 2010 11-30-2017 ) AvAir Chandler, AZ 2015 12-28-2017 ) 3M DeKalb, IL 2007 03-29-2018 ) Taylor Fresh Foods Yuma, AZ 2001 10-24-2019 ) Levins Sacramento, CA 1970 12-31-2019 ) Labcorp San Carlos, CA 1974 12-31-2019 ) WSP USA San Diego, CA 1985 12-31-2019 ) ITW Rippey El Dorado Hills, CA 1998 12-31-2019 ) L3Harris Carlsbad, CA 1984 12-31-2019 ) Arrow Tru-Line Archbold, OH 1976 12-03-2021 ) Kalera Saint Paul, MN 1980 01-31-2022 ) Lindsay Colorado Springs 1, CO Varies 04-19-2022 ) Lindsay Colorado Springs 2, CO Varies 04-19-2022 ) Lindsay Dacono, CO Varies 04-19-2022 ) Lindsay Alachua, FL 2009 04-19-2022 ) Lindsay Franklinton, NC 2007 04-19-2022 ) Lindsay Canal Fulton 1, OH 1998 04-19-2022 ) Lindsay Canal Fulton 2, OH 2004 04-19-2022 ) Lindsay Rock Hill, SC 1999 04-19-2022 ) Producto Endicott, NY 2000 07-15-2022 ) Producto Jamestown, NY 1961/1971 07-15-2022 ) Valtir Centerville, UT 1970/2013 07-26-2022 ) Valtir Orangeburg, SC 1998 07-26-2022 ) 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 

 ) Valtir Lima, OH 1928/2002 08-04-2022 ) Dollar General Litchfield, ME 2015 11-04-2016 ) Dollar General Wilton, ME 2015 11-04-2016 ) Dollar General Thompsontown, PA 2015 11-04-2016 ) Dollar General Mt. Gilead, OH 2015 11-04-2016 ) Dollar General Lakeside, OH 2015 11-04-2016 ) Dollar General Castalia, OH 2015 11-04-2016 ) Dollar General Bakersfield, CA 1952 12-31-2019 ) Dollar General Big Spring, TX 2015 12-31-2019 ) Dollar Tree Morrow, GA 1997 12-31-2019 ) PreK Education San Antonio, TX 2014 12-31-2019 ) Walgreens Santa Maria, CA 2001 12-31-2019 ) KIA/Trophy of Carson Carson, CA 2016 01-18-2022 ) exp US Services Maitland, FL 1985 03-27-2017 ) Cummins Nashville, TN 2001 04-04-2018 ) Costco Issaquah, WA 1987 12-20-2018 ) GSA (MSHA) Vacaville, CA 1987 12-31-2019 ) Solar Turbines San Diego, CA 1985 12-31-2019 ) OES Rancho Cordova, CA 2009 12-31-2019 ) ) 
 (1) Building and improvements include tenant origination and absorption costs. 
 Notes: 
 The aggregate cost of real estate for U.S. federal income tax purposes was approximately (unaudited) as of December 31, 2022. 
 Real estate investments (excluding land) are depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Their useful lives are generally - years for buildings, the shorter of years or remaining lease term for site/building improvements, the shorter of years or remaining contractual lease term for tenant improvements and the remaining lease term with consideration as to above- and below-market extension options for above- and below-market lease intangibles for tenant origination and absorption costs. 
 The real estate assets are 100 owned by the Company. 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions Improvements to real estate Dispositions ) ) Held for sale ) ) (Impairment) reversal of impairment of real estate investment ) Balance at end of year Accumulated depreciation and amortization: Balance at beginning of year ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) Dispositions Held for sale Balance at end of year ) ) 
 F-48 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Reno, State of Nevada, on March 13, 2023. 
 MODIV INC. By: /s/ AARON S. HALFACRE Aaron S. Halfacre Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (principal executive officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 Name Title Date /s/ AARON S. HALFACRE Chief Executive Officer, President and Director March 13, 2023 Aaron S. Halfacre (principal executive officer) /s/ ADAM S. MARKMAN Chairman of the Board and Independent Director March 13, 2023 Adam S. Markman /s/ RAYMOND J. PACINI Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, March 13, 2023 Raymond J. Pacini Secretary and Treasurer (principal financial officer) /s/ SANDRA G. SCIUTTO Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer March 13, 2023 Sandra G. Sciutto (principal accounting officer) /s/ ASMA ISHAQ Independent Director March 13, 2023 Asma Ishaq /s/ CURTIS B. MCWILLIAMS Independent Director March 13, 2023 Curtis B. McWilliams /s/ THOMAS H. NOLAN, JR. Independent Director March 13, 2023 Thomas H. Nolan, Jr. /s/ KIMBERLY SMITH Independent Director March 13, 2023 Kimberly Smith /s/ CONNIE TIRONDOLA Independent Director March 13, 2023 Connie Tirondola 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 modivreit-2022x1231xex32se.htm
 EX-3.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

 MODIV INC. 
 
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 
 (As Adopted on March 9, 2023) 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 OFFICES 
 
 Section 1. PRINCIPAL OFFICE . The principal office of the Corporation in the State of Maryland shall be located at such place as the Board of Directors may designate. 
 
 Section 2. ADDITIONAL OFFICES . The Corporation may have additional offices, including a principal executive office, at such places as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
 
 Section 1. PLACE . All meetings of stockholders shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at such other place as shall be set in accordance with these Bylaws and stated in the notice of the meeting. The Board of Directors is authorized to determine that a meeting not be held at any place, but instead may be held partially or solely by means of remote communication. In accordance with these Bylaws and subject to any guidelines and procedures adopted by the Board of Directors, stockholders and proxy holders may participate in any meeting of stockholders held by means of remote communication and may vote at such meeting as permitted by Maryland law. Participation in a meeting by these means constitutes presence in person at the meeting. 
 
 Section 2. ANNUAL MEETING . An annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and the transaction of any business within the powers of the Corporation shall be held on the date and at the time and place set by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 3. SPECIAL MEETINGS . 
 
 (a) General . Each of the chair of the board, chief executive officer, president and Board of Directors may call a special meeting of stockholders. Except as provided in subsection (b)(4) of this Section 3, a special meeting of stockholders shall be held on the date and at the time and place set by the chair of the board, chief executive officer, president or Board of Directors, whoever has called the meeting. Subject to subsection (b) of this Section 3, a special meeting of stockholders shall also be called by the secretary of the Corporation to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on such matter at such meeting (the Special Meeting Percentage ). 
 
 1 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

(b) Stockholder-Requested Special Meetings . (1) Any stockholder of record seeking to have stockholders request a special meeting shall, by sending written notice to the secretary (the Record Date Request Notice by registered mail, return receipt requested, request the Board of Directors to fix a record date to determine the stockholders entitled to request a special meeting (the Request Record Date ). The Record Date Request Notice shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it, shall be signed by one or more stockholders of record as of the date of signature (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the Record Date Request Notice), shall bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) and shall set forth all information relating to each such stockholder and each matter proposed to be acted on at the meeting that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors or the election of each such individual, as applicable, in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such a solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act ). Upon receiving the Record Date Request Notice, the Board of Directors may fix a Request Record Date. The Request Record Date shall not precede and shall not be more than ten days after the close of business on the date on which the resolution fixing the Request Record Date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If the Board of Directors, within ten days after the date on which a valid Record Date Request Notice is received, fails to adopt a resolution fixing the Request Record Date, the Request Record Date shall be the close of business on the tenth day after the first date on which a Record Date Request Notice is received by the secretary. 
 
 (2) In order for any stockholder to request a special meeting to act on any matter that may properly be considered at a meeting of stockholders, one or more written requests for a special meeting (collectively, the Special Meeting Request signed by stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in a writing accompanying the request) as of the Request Record Date entitled to cast not less than the Special Meeting Percentage shall be delivered to the secretary. In addition, the Special Meeting Request shall (a) set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it (which shall be limited to those lawful matters set forth in the Record Date Request Notice received by the secretary), (b) bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) signing the Special Meeting Request, (c) set forth (i) the name and address, as they appear in the Corporation s books, of each stockholder signing such request (or on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is signed), (ii) the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned (beneficially or of record) by each such stockholder and (iii) the nominee holder for, and number of, shares of stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, (d) be sent to the secretary by registered mail, return receipt requested, and (e) be received by the secretary within 60 days after the Request Record Date. Any requesting stockholder (or agent duly authorized in a writing accompanying the revocation of the Special Meeting Request) may revoke his, her or its request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the secretary. 
 
 (3) The secretary shall inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing or delivering the notice of the meeting (including the Corporation s proxy materials). The secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting upon stockholder request and such meeting shall not be held unless, in addition to the documents required by paragraph (2) of this Section 3(b), the secretary receives payment of such reasonably estimated cost prior to the preparation and mailing or delivery of such notice of the meeting. 
 
 2 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

(4) In the case of any special meeting called by the secretary upon the request of stockholders (a Stockholder-Requested Meeting ), such meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Board of Directors provided , however, that the date of any Stockholder-Requested Meeting shall be not more than 90 days after the record date for such meeting (the Meeting Record Date and provided further that if the Board of Directors fails to designate, within ten days after the date that a valid Special Meeting Request is actually received by the secretary (the Delivery Date ), a date and time for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting, then such meeting shall be held at 2 00 p.m., local time, on the 90 th day after the Meeting Record Date or, if such 90 th day is not a Business Day (as defined below), on the first preceding Business Day and provided further that in the event that the Board of Directors fails to designate a place for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting within ten days after the Delivery Date, then such meeting shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation. In fixing a date for a Stockholder-Requested Meeting, the Board of Directors may consider such factors as it deems relevant, including, without limitation, the nature of the matters to be considered, the facts and circumstances surrounding any request for the meeting and any plan of the Board of Directors to call an annual meeting or a special meeting. In the case of any Stockholder-Requested Meeting, if the Board of Directors fails to fix a Meeting Record Date that is a date within 30 days after the Delivery Date, then the close of business on the 30 th day after the Delivery Date shall be the Meeting Record Date. The Board of Directors may revoke the notice for any Stockholder-Requested Meeting in the event that the requesting stockholders fail to comply with the provisions of paragraph (3) of this Section 3(b). 
 
 (5) If written revocations of the Special Meeting Request have been delivered to the secretary and the result is that stockholders of record (or their agents duly authorized in writing), as of the Request Record Date, entitled to cast less than the Special Meeting Percentage have delivered, and not revoked, requests for a special meeting on the matter to the secretary (i) if the notice of meeting has not already been delivered, the secretary shall refrain from delivering the notice of the meeting and send to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked such requests written notice of any revocation of a request for a special meeting on the matter, or (ii) if the notice of meeting has been delivered and if the secretary first sends to all requesting stockholders who have not revoked requests for a special meeting on the matter written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting and written notice of the Corporation s intention to revoke the notice of the meeting or for the chair of the meeting to adjourn the meeting without action on the matter, (A) the secretary may revoke the notice of the meeting at any time before ten days before the commencement of the meeting or (B) the chair of the meeting may call the meeting to order and adjourn the meeting from time to time without acting on the matter. Any request for a special meeting received after a revocation by the secretary of a notice of a meeting shall be considered a request for a new special meeting. 
 
 (6) The chair of the board, chief executive officer, president or Board of Directors may appoint regionally or nationally recognized independent inspectors of elections to act as the agent of the Corporation for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of any purported Special Meeting Request received by the secretary. For the purpose of permitting the inspectors to perform such review, no such purported Special Meeting Request shall be deemed to have been received by the secretary until the earlier of (i) five Business Days after actual receipt by the secretary of such purported request and (ii) such date as the independent inspectors certify to the Corporation that the valid requests received by the secretary represent, as of the Request Record Date, stockholders of record entitled to cast not less than the Special Meeting Percentage. Nothing contained in this paragraph (6) shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Corporation or any stockholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any request, whether during or after such five Business Day period, or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution or defense of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation). 
 
 3 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

(7) For purposes of these Bylaws, Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of California are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 
 
 Section 4. NOTICE . Not less than ten nor more than 90 days before each meeting of stockholders, the secretary shall give to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting and to each stockholder not entitled to vote who is entitled to notice of the meeting notice in writing or by electronic transmission stating the time and place of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting or as otherwise may be required by any statute, the purpose for which the meeting is called, by mail, by presenting it to such stockholder personally, by leaving it at the stockholder s residence or usual place of business, by electronic transmission or by any other means permitted by Maryland law. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail addressed to the stockholder at the stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid. If transmitted electronically, such notice shall be deemed to be given when transmitted to the stockholder by an electronic transmission to any address or number of the stockholder at which the stockholder receives electronic transmissions. The Corporation may give a single notice to all stockholders who share an address, which single notice shall be effective as to any stockholder at such address, unless such stockholder objects to receiving such single notice or revokes a prior consent to receiving such single notice. Failure to give notice of any meeting to one or more stockholders, or any irregularity in such notice, shall not affect the validity of any meeting fixed in accordance with this Article II or the validity of any proceedings at any such meeting. 
 
 Subject to Section 11(a) of this Article II, any business of the Corporation may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders without being specifically designated in the notice, except such business as is required by any statute to be stated in such notice. No business shall be transacted at a special meeting of stockholders except as specifically designated in the notice. The Corporation may postpone or cancel a meeting of stockholders by making a public announcement (as defined in Section 11(c)(3) of this Article II) of such postponement or cancellation prior to the meeting. Notice of the date, time and place to which the meeting is postponed shall be given not less than ten days prior to such date and otherwise in the manner set forth in this section. 
 
 4 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

Section 5. ORGANIZATION AND CONDUCT . Every meeting of stockholders shall be conducted by an individual appointed by the Board of Directors to be chair of the meeting or, in the absence of such appointment or appointed individual, by the chair of the board or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the chair of the board, by one of the following individuals present at the meeting in the following order the lead independent director, if there is one, the chief executive officer, the president, the vice presidents in their order of rank and, within each rank, in their order of seniority, the secretary, or, in the absence of such officers, a chair chosen by the stockholders by the vote of a majority of the votes cast by stockholders present in person or by proxy. The secretary or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the secretary, an assistant secretary or an individual appointed by the Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting shall act as secretary. In the event that the secretary presides at a meeting of stockholders, an assistant secretary, or, in the absence of all assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting, shall record the minutes of the meeting. Even if present at the meeting, the person holding the office named herein may delegate to another person the power to act as chair or secretary of the meeting. The order of business and all other matters of procedure at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined by the chair of the meeting. The chair of the meeting may prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and take such action as, in the discretion of the chair and without any action by the stockholders, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, (a) restricting admission to the time set for the commencement of the meeting (b) limiting attendance or participation at the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized proxies and such other individuals as the chair of the meeting may determine (c) recognizing speakers at the meeting and determining when and for how long speakers and any individual speaker may address the meeting (d) determining when and for how long the polls should be opened and when the polls should be closed and when announcement of the results should be made (e) maintaining order and security at the meeting (f) removing any stockholder or any other individual who refuses to comply with meeting procedures, rules or guidelines as set forth by the chair of the meeting (g) concluding a meeting or recessing or adjourning the meeting, whether or not a quorum is present, to a later date and time and at a place either (i) announced at the meeting or (ii) provided at a future time through means announced at the meeting and (h) complying with any state and local laws and regulations concerning safety and security. Unless otherwise determined by the chair of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with any rules of parliamentary procedure. 
 
 Section 6. QUORUM . At any meeting of stockholders, the presence in person or by proxy of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting on any matter shall constitute a quorum but this section shall not affect any requirement under any statute or the charter of the Corporation (the Charter for the vote necessary for the approval of any matter. If such quorum is not established at any meeting of the stockholders, the chair of the meeting may adjourn the meeting from time to time to a date not more than 120 days after the original record date without notice other than announcement at the meeting. The date, time and place of the meeting, as reconvened, shall be either (a) announced at the meeting or (b) provided at a future time through means announced at the meeting. 
 
 The stockholders present either in person or by proxy, at a meeting which has been duly called and at which a quorum has been established, may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal from the meeting of enough stockholders to leave fewer than would be required to establish a quorum. 
 
 Section 7. VOTING . A plurality of all the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to elect a director. Each share entitles the holder thereof to vote for as many individuals as there are directors to be elected and for whose election the holder is entitled to vote. A majority of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient to approve any other matter which may properly come before the meeting, unless more than a majority of the votes cast is required by statute, by the Charter or by these Bylaw s . Unless otherwise provided by statute or by the Charter, each outstanding share of stock, regardless of class, entitles the holder thereof to cast one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of stockholders. Voting on any question or in any election may be viva voce unless the chair of the meeting shall order that voting be by ballot or otherwise. 
 
 5 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

Section 8. PROXIES . A holder of record of shares of stock of the Corporation may cast votes in person or by proxy that is (a) executed by the stockholder or by the stockholder s duly authorized agent in any manner permitted by applicable law, (b) compliant with Maryland law and these Bylaws and (c) filed in accordance with the procedures established by the Corporation. Such proxy or evidence of authorization of such proxy shall be filed with the record of the proceedings of the meeting. No proxy shall be valid more than eleven months after its date unless otherwise provided in the proxy. 
 
 Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 9. VOTING OF STOCK BY CERTAIN HOLDERS . Stock of the Corporation registered in the name of a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity, if entitled to be voted, may be voted by the president or a vice president, managing member, manager, general partner or trustee thereof, as the case may be, or a proxy appointed by any of the foregoing individuals, unless some other person who has been appointed to vote such stock pursuant to a bylaw or a resolution of the governing body of such corporation or other entity or agreement of the partners of a partnership presents a certified copy of such bylaw, resolution or agreement, in which case such person may vote such stock. Any trustee or fiduciary, in such capacity, may vote stock registered in such trustee s or fiduciary s name, either in person or by proxy. 
 
 Shares of stock of the Corporation directly or indirectly owned by it shall not be voted at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares entitled to be voted at any given time, unless they are held by it in a fiduciary capacity, in which case they may be voted and shall be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares at any given time. 
 
 The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution a procedure by which a stockholder may certify in writing to the Corporation that any shares of stock registered in the name of the stockholder are held for the account of a specified person other than the stockholder. The resolution shall set forth the class of stockholders who may make the certification, the purpose for which the certification may be made, the form of certification and the information to be contained in it if the certification is with respect to a record date, the time after the record date within which the certification must be received by the Corporation and any other provisions with respect to the procedure which the Board of Directors considers necessary or appropriate. On receipt by the secretary of the Corporation of such certification, the person specified in the certification shall be regarded as, for the purposes set forth in the certification, the holder of record of the specified stock in place of the stockholder who makes the certification. 
 
 Section 10. INSPECTORS . The Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting may appoint, before or at the meeting, one or more inspectors for the meeting and any successor to the inspector. Except as otherwise provided by the chair of the meeting, the inspectors, if any, shall (a) determine the number of shares of stock represented at the meeting, in person or by proxy, and the validity and effect of proxies, (b) receive and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents, (c) report such tabulation to the chair of the meeting, (d) hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, and (e) do such acts as are proper to fairly conduct the election or vote. Each such report shall be in writing and signed by the inspector or by a majority of them if there is more than one inspector acting at such meeting. If there is more than one inspector, the report of a majority shall be the report of the inspectors. The report of the inspector or inspectors on the number of shares represented at the meeting and the results of the voting shall be prima facie evidence thereof. 
 
 6 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

Section 11. ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR AND OTHER STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS . 
 
 (a) Annual Meetings of Stockholders . (1) Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders (i) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, at the time of giving of notice by the stockholder as provided for in this Section 11(a) and at the time of the annual meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated or on any such other business and who has complied with this Section 11(a). 
 
 (2) For any nomination or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of paragraph (a)(1) of this Section 11, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the secretary of the Corporation and any such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for action by the stockholders. To be timely, a stockholder s notice shall set forth all information and certifications required under this Section 11 and shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the 150 th day nor later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the 120 th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as defined in Section 11(c)(4) of this Article II) for the preceding year s annual meeting provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year s annual meeting, in order for notice by the stockholder to be timely, such notice must be so delivered not earlier than the 150 th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of the 120 th day prior to the date of such annual meeting, as originally convened, or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. The public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting shall not commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 
 (3) Such stockholder s notice shall set forth 
 
 (i) as to each individual whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director (each, a Proposed Nominee ), all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act 
 
 7 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

(ii) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, (A) a description of such business (including the text of any proposal), the stockholder s reasons for proposing such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), individually or in the aggregate, including any anticipated benefit to the stockholder or the Stockholder Associated Person therefrom and (B) any other information relating to such business that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act 
 
 (iii) as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Proposed Nominee and any Stockholder Associated Person, 
 
 (A) the class, series and number of all shares of stock or other securities of the Corporation (collectively, the Company Securities ), if any, which are owned (beneficially or of record) by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, the date on which each such Company Security was acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition, and any short interest (including any opportunity to profit or share in any benefit from any decrease in the price of such stock or other security) in any Company Securities of any such person, 
 
 (B) the nominee holder for, and number of, any Company Securities owned beneficially but not of record by such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, 
 
 (C) whether and the extent to which such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, directly or indirectly (through brokers, nominees or otherwise), is subject to or during the last six months has engaged in any hedging, derivative or other transaction or series of transactions or entered into any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short interest, any borrowing or lending of securities or any proxy or voting agreement), the effect or intent of which is to (I) manage risk or benefit of changes in the price of Company Securities for such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person or (II) increase or decrease the voting power of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person in the Corporation disproportionately to such person s economic interest in the Company Securities and 
 
 (D) any substantial interest, direct or indirect (including, without limitation, any existing or prospective commercial, business or contractual relationship with the Corporation), by security holdings or otherwise, of such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person, in the Corporation, other than an interest arising from the ownership of Company Securities where such stockholder, Proposed Nominee or Stockholder Associated Person receives no extra or special benefit not shared on a pro rata basis by all other holders of the same class or series 
 
 (iv) as to the stockholder giving the notice, any Stockholder Associated Person with an interest or ownership referred to in clauses (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph (3) of this Section 11(a) and any Proposed Nominee, 
 
 (A) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation s stock ledger, and the current name and address, if different, of each such Stockholder Associated Person and any Proposed Nominee and 
 
 8 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

(B) the investment strategy or objective, if any, of such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person who is not an individual and a copy of the prospectus, offering memorandum or similar document, if any, provided to investors or potential investors in such stockholder and each such Stockholder Associated Person 
 
 (v) the name and address of any person who contacted or was contacted by the stockholder giving the notice or any Stockholder Associated Person about the Proposed Nominee or other business proposal 
 
 (vi) to the extent known by the stockholder giving the notice, the name and address of any other person supporting the nominee for election or reelection as a director or the proposal of other business 
 
 (vii) if the stockholder is proposing one or more Proposed Nominees, the information required to be included in a notice to the Corporation required by paragraph (b) of Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act, including a representation that such stockholder intends to solicit the holders of shares of stock of the Corporation representing at least 67 of the voting power of shares of stock entitled to vote on the election of directors in support of director nominees other than the Corporation s nominees and 
 
 (viii) all other information regarding the stockholder giving the notice and each Stockholder Associated Person that would be required to be disclosed by the stockholder in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such a solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (4) Such stockholder s notice shall, with respect to any Proposed Nominee, be accompanied by (i) a certificate executed by the Proposed Nominee (A) certifying that such Proposed Nominee (I) is not, and will not become, a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation (II) has read and, if elected as a director of the Corporation, agrees to adhere to the Corporation s Corporate Governance Guidelines and any other policies and guidelines of the Corporation applicable to directors generally (and, upon request by any Proposed Nominee, the secretary of the Corporation shall provide to such Proposed Nominee all such policies and guidelines then in effect) (III) if elected as a director of the Corporation, intends to serve as a director of the Corporation for the entire term until the next annual meeting of stockholders at which such candidate would face re-election (IV) will notify the Corporation simultaneously with any notification to the stockholder of the Proposed Nominee s actual or potential unwillingness or inability to serve as a director and (V) does not need any permission or consent from any third party (including any employer or any other board or governing body on which such Proposed Nominee serves) to serve as a director of the Corporation, if elected, that has not been obtained (B) attaching copies of any and all requisite permissions or consents (including those obtained pursuant to the foregoing clause (A)(V) and (C) attaching a completed Proposed Nominee questionnaire (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Corporation, upon request by the stockholder providing the notice, and shall include all information relating to the Proposed Nominee that would be required to be disclosed in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the election of the Proposed Nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would otherwise be required in connection with such solicitation, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act, or would be required pursuant to the rules of any national securities exchange on which any securities of the Corporation are listed or over-the-counter market on which any securities of the Corporation are traded) and (ii) a certificate executed by the stockholder (A) certifying that such stockholder will (I) comply with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act in connection with such stockholder s solicitation of proxies in support of any Proposed Nominee (II) notify the Corporation as promptly as practicable of any determination by the stockholder to no longer solicit proxies for the election of any Proposed Nominee as a director at the annual meeting (III) furnish such other or additional information as the Corporation may request for the purpose of determining whether the requirements of this Section 11 have been satisfied or evaluating any nomination or other business described in the stockholder s notice and (IV) appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to present each Proposed Nominee or to bring such business before the meeting, as applicable, and (B) acknowledging that, if the stockholder does not so appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to present each Proposed Nominee or bring such business before the meeting, as applicable, the Corporation need not bring such Proposed Nominee or such business for a vote at such meeting and any proxies or votes cast in favor of the election of any Proposed Nominee or any proposal related to such other business need not be counted or considered. 
 
 (5) Notwithstanding anything in this subsection (a) of this Section 11 to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased, and there is no public announcement of such action at least 130 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the proxy statement (as 
 9 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

 defined in Section 11(c)(4) of this Article II) for the preceding year s annual meeting, a stockholder s notice required by clause (iii) of paragraph (a)(1) of this Section 11 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the tenth day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 
 
 (6) For purposes of this Section 11, Stockholder Associated Person of any stockholder shall mean (i) any person acting in concert with such stockholder or another Stockholder Associated Person or who is otherwise a participant (as defined in Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act) in any solicitation of proxies, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder (other than a stockholder that is a depositary) and (iii) any person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such stockholder or such Stockholder Associated Person. 
 
 10 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

(b) Special Meetings of Stockholders . Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting and, except as contemplated by and in accordance with the next two sentences of this Section 11(b), no stockholder may nominate an individual for election to the Board of Directors or make a proposal of other business to be considered at a special meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected only (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (ii) provided that the special meeting has been called in accordance with Section 3(a) of this Article II for the purpose of electing directors, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting, at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 11 and at the time of the special meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated and who has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 11. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more individuals to the Board of Directors, any stockholder may nominate an individual or individuals (as the case may be) for election as a director as specified in the Corporation s notice of meeting, if the stockholder s notice, containing the information and certifications required by paragraphs (a)(3) and (4) of this Section 11, is delivered to the secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not earlier than the 120 th day prior to such special meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time , on the later of the 90 th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting. The public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of a special meeting shall not commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 
 (c) General . (1) If any information or certification submitted pursuant to this Section 11 by any stockholder proposing a nominee for election as a director or any proposal for other business at a meeting of stockholders, including any certification from a Proposed Nominee, shall be inaccurate in any material respect, such information may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11. Any such stockholder shall notify the Corporation of any inaccuracy or change (within two Business Days of becoming aware of such inaccuracy or change) in any such information or certification. Upon written request by the secretary or the Board of Directors, any stockholder or Proposed Nominee shall provide, within five Business Days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), (A) written verification, satisfactory, in the discretion of the Board of Directors or any authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 11, (B) a written update of any information (including, if requested by the Corporation, written confirmation by such stockholder that it continues to intend to bring such nomination or other business proposal before the meeting and, if applicable, satisfy the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 11 as of an earlier date and (C) an updated certification by each Proposed Nominee that such individual will serve as a director of the Corporation if elected. If a stockholder or Proposed Nominee fails to provide such written verification, update or certification within such period, the information as to which such written verification, update or certification was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11. 
 
 (2) Only such individuals who are nominated in accordance with this Section 11 shall be eligible for election by stockholders as directors, and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 11. A stockholder proposing a Proposed Nominee shall have no right to (i) nominate a number of Proposed Nominees that exceeds the number of directors to be elected at the meeting or (ii) substitute or replace any Proposed Nominee unless such substitute or replacement is nominated in accordance with this Section 11 (including the timely provision of all information and certifications with respect to such substitute or replacement Proposed Nominee in accordance with the deadlines set forth in this Section 11). If the Corporation provides notice to a stockholder that the number of Proposed Nominees proposed by such stockholder exceeds the number of directors to be elected at a meeting, the stockholder must provide written notice to the Corporation within five Business Days stating the names of the Proposed Nominees that have been withdrawn so that the number of Proposed Nominees proposed by such stockholder no longer exceeds the number of directors to be elected at a meeting. If any individual who is nominated in accordance with this Section 11 becomes unwilling or unable to serve on the Board of Directors, then the nomination with respect to such individual shall no longer be valid and no votes may validly be cast for such individual. The chair of the meeting shall have the power to determine whether a nomination or any other business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with this Section 11. 
 
 11 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

(3) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, the Corporation shall disregard any proxy authority granted in favor of, or votes for, director nominees other than the Corporation s nominees if the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person (each, a Soliciting Stockholder soliciting proxies in support of such director nominees abandons the solicitation or does not (i) comply with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act, including any failure by the Soliciting Stockholder to (A) provide the Corporation with any notices required thereunder in a timely manner or (B) comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) and Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act, or (ii) timely provide evidence in accordance with the following sentence that is sufficient, in the discretion of the Board of Directors, to demonstrate that such Soliciting Stockholder has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Upon request by the Corporation, such Soliciting Stockholder shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than five Business Days prior to the applicable meeting of stockholders, evidence that is sufficient, in the discretion of the Board of Directors, to demonstrate that such Soliciting Stockholder has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 
 (4) For purposes of this Section 11, the date of the proxy statement shall have the same meaning as the date of the company s proxy statement released to shareholders as used in Rule 14a-8(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as interpreted by the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. Public announcement shall mean disclosure in (A) a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, Business Wire, PR Newswire or other widely circulated news or wire service or (B) a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act. 
 
 (5) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the Exchange Act with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 11. Nothing in this Section 11 shall be deemed to affect any right of a stockholder to request inclusion of a proposal in, or the right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from, any proxy statement filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. Nothing in this Section 11 shall require disclosure of revocable proxies received by, or routine solicitation contacts made by or on behalf of, the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person pursuant to a solicitation of proxies after the filing of an effective Schedule 14A by such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 (5) Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, except as otherwise determined by the chair of the meeting, if the stockholder giving notice as provided for in this Section 11 does not appear in person or by proxy at such annual or special meeting to present each nominee for election as a director or the proposed business, as applicable, such matter shall not be considered at the meeting. 

Section 12. CONTROL SHARE ACQUISITION ACT . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Charter or these Bylaws, Title 3, Subtitle 7 of the Maryland General Corporation Law, or any successor statute (the MGCL ), shall not apply to any acquisition by any person of shares of stock of the Corporation. This section may be repealed, in whole or in part, at any time, whether before or after an acquisition of control shares and, upon such repeal, may, to the extent provided by any successor bylaw, apply to any prior or subsequent control share acquisition. 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 DIRECTORS 
 
 Section 1. GENERAL POWERS . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Directors. 
 
 12 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

Section 2. NUMBER, TENURE AND RESIGNATION . A majority of the entire Board of Directors may establish, increase or decrease the number of directors, provided that the number thereof shall never be less than the minimum number required by the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL ), nor more than 15, and further provided that the tenure of office of a director shall not be affected by any decrease in the number of directors. Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering his or her resignation to the Board of Directors, the chair of the board or the secretary. Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation. 
 
 Section 3. ANNUAL AND REGULAR MEETINGS . An annual meeting of the Board of Directors may be held at such time and place as shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place of regular meetings of the Board of Directors without other notice than such resolution. 
 
 Section 4. SPECIAL MEETINGS . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by or at the request of the chair of the board, the chief executive officer, the president or a majority of the directors then in office. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board of Directors may fix the time and place of any special meeting of the Board of Directors called by them. The Board of Directors may provide, by resolution, the time and place of special meetings of the Board of Directors without other notice than such resolution. 
 
 Section 5. NOTICE . Notice of any special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be delivered personally or by telephone, electronic mail, facsimile transmission, courier or United States mail to each director at his or her business or residence address. Notice by personal delivery, telephone, electronic mail or facsimile transmission shall be given at least 24 hours prior to the meeting. Notice by United States mail shall be given at least three days prior to the meeting. Notice by courier shall be given at least two days prior to the meeting. Telephone notice shall be deemed to be given when the director or his or her agent is personally given such notice in a telephone call to which the director or his or her agent is a party. Electronic mail notice shall be deemed to be given upon transmission of the message to the electronic mail address given to the Corporation by the director. Facsimile transmission notice shall be deemed to be given upon completion of the transmission of the message to the number given to the Corporation by the director and receipt of a completed answer-back indicating receipt. Notice by United States mail shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail properly addressed, with postage thereon prepaid. Notice by courier shall be deemed to be given when deposited with or delivered to a courier properly addressed. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be stated in the notice, unless specifically required by statute or these Bylaws. 
 
 Section 6. QUORUM . A majority of the directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors, provided that, if less than a majority of such directors is present at such meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice, and provided further that if, pursuant to applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws, the vote of a majority or other percentage of a specified group of directors is required for action, a quorum must also include a majority or such other percentage of such group. 
 
 13 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

The directors present at a meeting which has been duly called and at which a quorum has been established may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal from the meeting of enough directors to leave fewer than required to establish a quorum. 
 
 Section 7. VOTING . The action of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the action of the Board of Directors, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws. If enough directors have withdrawn from a meeting to leave fewer than required to establish a quorum, but the meeting is not adjourned, the action of the majority of that number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum at such meeting shall be the action of the Board of Directors, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws. 
 
 Section 8. ORGANIZATION . At each meeting of the Board of Directors, the chair of the board or, in the absence of the chair, the vice chairman of the board, if any, shall act as chair of the meeting. Even if present at the meeting, the director named herein may designate another director to act as chair of the meeting. In the absence of both the chair of the board and vice chair of the board, the chief executive officer, or, in the absence of all such individuals, the president or, in the absence of the president, a director chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall act as chair of the meeting. The secretary or, in his or her absence, an assistant secretary of the Corporation, or, in the absence of the secretary and all assistant secretaries, an individual appointed by the chair of the meeting, shall act as secretary of the meeting. 
 
 Section 9. MEETINGS BY REMOTE COMMUNICATION . Directors may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or other means of remote communication if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 
 Section 10. CONSENT BY DIRECTORS WITHOUT A MEETING . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission to such action is given by each director and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 11. VACANCIES . If for any reason any or all the directors cease to be directors, such event shall not terminate the Corporation or affect these Bylaws or the powers of the remaining directors hereunder. Except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, any vacancy on the Board of Directors may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum. Any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the class in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies. 
 
 Section 12. COMPENSATION . Directors shall not receive any stated salary for their services as directors but, by resolution of the Board of Directors, may receive compensation per year and or per meeting and or per visit to real property or other facilities owned or leased by the Corporation and for any service or activity they performed or engaged in as directors. Directors may be reimbursed for expenses of attendance, if any, at each annual, regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof and for their expenses, if any, in connection with each property visit and any other service or activity they perform or engage in as directors but nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any directors from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. 
 
 14 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

Section 13. RELIANCE . Each director and officer of the Corporation shall, in the performance of his or her duties with respect to the Corporation, be entitled to rely on any information, opinion, report or statement, including any financial statement or other financial data, prepared or presented by an officer or employee of the Corporation whom the director or officer reasonably believes to be reliable and competent in the matters presented, by a lawyer, certified public accountant or other person, as to a matter which the director or officer reasonably believes to be within the person s professional or expert competence, or, with respect to a director, by a committee of the Board of Directors on which the director does not serve, as to a matter within its designated authority, if the director reasonably believes the committee to merit confidence. 
 
 Section 14. RATIFICATION . The Board of Directors or the stockholders may ratify any act, omission, failure to act or determination made not to act (an Act by the Corporation or its officers to the extent that the Board of Directors or the stockholders could have originally authorized the Act and, if so ratified, such Act shall have the same force and effect as if originally duly authorized, and such ratification shall be binding upon the Corporation and its stockholders. Any Act questioned in any proceeding on the ground of lack of authority, defective or irregular execution, adverse interest of a director, officer or stockholder, non-disclosure, miscomputation, the application of improper principles or practices of accounting or otherwise, may be ratified, before or after judgment, by the Board of Directors or by the stockholders, and such ratification shall constitute a bar to any claim or execution of any judgment in respect of such questioned Act. 
 
 Section 15. CERTAIN RIGHTS OF DIRECTORS . Any director, in his or her personal capacity or in a capacity as an affiliate, employee, or agent of any other person, or otherwise, may have business interests and engage in business activities similar to, in addition to or in competition with those of or relating to the Corporation. 
 
 Section 16. EMERGENCY PROVISIONS . Notwithstanding any other provision in the Charter or these Bylaws, this Section 16 shall apply during the existence of any catastrophe, or other similar emergency condition, as a result of which a quorum of the Board of Directors under Article III of these Bylaws cannot readily be obtained (an Emergency ). During any Emergency, unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, (i) a meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof may be called by any director or officer by any means feasible under the circumstances (ii) notice of any meeting of the Board of Directors during such an Emergency may be given less than 24 hours prior to the meeting to as many directors and by such means as may be feasible at the time, including publication, television or radio and (iii) the number of directors necessary to constitute a quorum shall be one-third of the entire Board of Directors. 
 
 15 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

ARTICLE IV 
 COMMITTEES 
 
 Section 1. NUMBER, TENURE AND QUALIFICATIONS . The Board of Directors may appoint from among its members an Executive Committee, an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, a Nominating Committee and one or more other committees, composed of one or more directors, to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. In the absence of any member of any such committee, the members thereof present at any meeting, whether or not they constitute a quorum, may appoint another director to act in the place of such absent member. 
 
 Section 2. POWERS . The Board of Directors may delegate to any committee appointed under Section 1 of this Article any of the powers of the Board of Directors, except as prohibited by law. Except as may be otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, any committee may delegate some or all of its power and authority to one or more subcommittees, composed of one or more directors, as the committee deems appropriate in its sole discretion. 
 
 Section 3. MEETINGS . Notice of committee meetings shall be given in the same manner as notice for special meetings of the Board of Directors. A majority of the members of the committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the committee. The act of a majority of the committee members present at a meeting shall be the act of such committee. The Board of Directors, or in the absence of such designation, the applicable committee, may designate a chair of any committee, and such chair or, in the absence of a chair, any two members of any committee (if there are at least two members of the committee) may fix the time and place of its meeting unless the Board shall otherwise provide. 
 
 Section 4. MEETINGS BY REMOTE COMMUNICATION . Members of a committee of the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or other means of remote communication if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 
 Section 5. CONSENT BY COMMITTEES WITHOUT A MEETING . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing or by electronic transmission to such action is given by each member of the committee and is filed with the minutes of proceedings of such committee. 
 
 Section 6. VACANCIES . Subject to the provisions hereof, the Board of Directors shall have the power at any time to change the membership of any committee, to appoint the chair of any committee, to fill any vacancy, to designate an alternate member to replace any absent or disqualified member or to dissolve any such committee. 
 
 16 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

ARTICLE V 
 OFFICERS 
 
 Section 1. GENERAL PROVISIONS . The officers of the Corporation shall include a president, a secretary and a treasurer and may include a chair of the board, a vice chair of the board, a chief executive officer, one or more vice presidents, a chief operating officer, a chief financial officer, one or more assistant secretaries and one or more assistant treasurers. In addition, the Board of Directors may from time to time elect such other officers with such powers and duties as it shall deem necessary or appropriate. The officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors, except that the chief executive officer or president may from time to time appoint one or more vice presidents, assistant secretaries and assistant treasurers or other officers. Each officer shall serve until his or her successor is elected and qualifies or until his or her death, or his or her resignation or removal in the manner hereinafter provided. Any two or more offices except president and vice president may be held by the same person. Election of an officer or agent shall not of itself create contract rights between the Corporation and such officer or agent. 
 
 Section 2. REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION . Any officer or agent of the Corporation may be removed, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors if in its judgment the best interests of the Corporation would be served thereby, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. Any officer of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering his or her resignation to the Board of Directors, the chair of the board, the lead independent director, the chief executive officer, the president or the secretary. Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation. Such resignation shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 3. VACANCIES . A vacancy in any office may be filled by the Board of Directors for the balance of the term. 
 
 Section 4. CHAIR OF THE BOARD . The Board of Directors may designate from among its members a chair of the board, who shall not, solely by reason of these Bylaws, be an officer of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate the chair of the board as an executive or non-executive chair. The chair of the board shall preside over the meetings of the Board of Directors. The chair of the board shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 5. CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER . The Board of Directors may designate a chief executive officer. In the absence of such designation, the chair of the board shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation. The chief executive officer shall have general responsibility for implementation of the policies of the Corporation, as determined by the Board of Directors, and for the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation. He or she may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of chief executive officer and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time. 
 
 17 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

Section 6. CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER . The Board of Directors may designate a chief operating officer. The chief operating officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer. 
 
 Section 7. CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER . The Board of Directors may designate a chief financial officer. The chief financial officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as determined by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer. 
 
 Section 8. PRESIDENT . In the absence of a chief executive officer, the president shall in general supervise and control all of the business and affairs of the Corporation. In the absence of a designation of a chief operating officer by the Board of Directors, the president shall be the chief operating officer. He or she may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument, except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office of president and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time. 
 
 Section 9. VICE PRESIDENTS . In the absence of the president or in the event of a vacancy in such office, the vice president (or in the event there be more than one vice president, the vice presidents in the order designated at the time of their election or, in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their election) shall perform the duties of the president and when so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the president and shall perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to such vice president by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may designate one or more vice presidents as executive vice president, senior vice president, or vice president for particular areas of responsibility. 
 
 Section 10. SECRETARY . The secretary shall (a) keep the minutes of the proceedings of the stockholders, the Board of Directors and committees of the Board of Directors in one or more books provided for that purpose (b) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or as required by law (c) be custodian of the corporate records and of the seal of the Corporation (d) keep a register of the address of each stockholder which shall be furnished to the secretary by such stockholder (e) have general charge of the stock transfer books of the Corporation and (f) in general perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 11. TREASURER . The treasurer shall have the custody of the funds and securities of the Corporation, shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation, shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors and in general perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. In the absence of a designation of a chief financial officer by the Board of Directors, the treasurer shall be the chief financial officer of the Corporation. 
 
 18 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

The treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the president and Board of Directors, at the regular meetings of the Board of Directors or whenever it may so require, an account of all his or her transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 12. ASSISTANT SECRETARIES AND ASSISTANT TREASURERS . The assistant secretaries and assistant treasurers, in general, shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them by the secretary or treasurer, respectively, or by the chief executive officer, the president or the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 13. COMPENSATION . The compensation of the officers shall be fixed from time to time by or under the authority of the Board of Directors and no officer shall be prevented from receiving such compensation by reason of the fact that he or she is also a director. 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 CONTRACTS, CHECKS AND DEPOSITS 
 
 Section 1. CONTRACTS . The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or agent to enter into any contract or to execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Any agreement, deed, mortgage, lease or other document shall be valid and binding upon the Corporation when duly authorized or ratified by action of the Board of Directors and executed by an authorized person. 
 
 Section 2. CHECKS AND DRAFTS . All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or agent of the Corporation in such manner as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 3. DEPOSITS . All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited or invested from time to time to the credit of the Corporation as the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, the president, the chief financial officer, or any other officer designated by the Board of Directors may determine. 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 STOCK 
 
 Section 1. CERTIFICATES . Except as may be otherwise provided by the Board of Directors or any officer of the Corporation, stockholders of the Corporation are not entitled to certificates representing the shares of stock held by them. In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock represented by certificates, such certificates shall be in such form as prescribed by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized officer, shall contain the statements and information required by the MGCL and shall be signed by the officers of the Corporation in any manner permitted by the MGCL. In the event that the Corporation issues shares of stock without certificates, to the extent then required by the MGCL the Corporation shall provide to the record holders of such shares a written statement of the information required by the MGCL to be included on stock certificates. There shall be no difference in the rights and obligations of stockholders based on whether or not their shares are represented by certificates. 
 
 19 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

Section 2. TRANSFERS . All transfers of shares of stock shall be made on the books of the Corporation in such manner as the Board of Directors or any officer of the Corporation may prescribe and, if such shares are certificated, upon surrender of certificates duly endorsed. The issuance of a new certificate upon the transfer of certificated shares is subject to the determination of the Board of Directors or an officer of the Corporation that such shares shall no longer be represented by certificates. Upon the transfer of any uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall provide to the record holders of such shares, to the extent then required by the MGCL, a written statement of the information required by the MGCL to be included on stock certificates. 
 
 The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share of stock as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise expressly provided by the laws of the State of Maryland. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, transfers of shares of any class or series of stock will be subject in all respects to the Charter and all of the terms and conditions contained therein. 
 
 Section 3. REPLACEMENT CERTIFICATE . Any officer of the Corporation may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate to be lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated provided, however, if such shares have ceased to be certificated, no new certificate shall be issued unless requested in writing by such stockholder and the Board of Directors or an officer of the Corporation has determined that such certificates may be issued. Unless otherwise determined by an officer of the Corporation, the owner of such lost, destroyed, stolen or mutilated certificate or certificates, or his or her legal representative, shall be required, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates, to give the Corporation a bond in such sums as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation. 
 
 Section 4. FIXING OF RECORD DATE . The Board of Directors may set, in advance, a record date for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or determining stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or the allotment of any other rights, or in order to make a determination of stockholders for any other proper purpose. Such record date, in any case, shall not be prior to the close of business on the day the record date is fixed and shall be not more than 90 days and, in the case of a meeting of stockholders, not less than ten days, before the date on which the meeting or particular action requiring such determination of stockholders of record is to be held or taken. 
 
 When a record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders has been set as provided in this section, such record date shall continue to apply to the meeting if postponed or adjourned, except if the meeting is postponed or adjourned to a date more than 120 days after the record date originally fixed for the meeting, in which case a new record date for such meeting shall be determined as set forth herein. 
 
 20 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

Section 5. STOCK LEDGER . The Corporation shall maintain at its principal office or at the office of its counsel, accountants or transfer agent, an original or duplicate stock ledger containing the name and address of each stockholder and the number of shares of each class held by such stockholder. 
 
 Section 6. FRACTIONAL STOCK ISSUANCE OF UNITS . The Board of Directors may authorize the Corporation to issue fractional shares of stock or authorize the issuance of scrip, all on such terms and under such conditions as it may determine. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Charter or these Bylaws, the Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of units consisting of different securities of the Corporation. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 ACCOUNTING YEAR 
 
 The Board of Directors shall have the power, from time to time, to fix the fiscal year of the Corporation by a duly adopted resolution. 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 DISTRIBUTIONS 
 
 Section 1. AUTHORIZATION . Dividends and other distributions upon the stock of the Corporation may be authorized by the Board of Directors, subject to the provisions of law and the Charter. Dividends and other distributions may be paid in cash, property or stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of law and the Charter. 
 
 Section 2. CONTINGENCIES . Before payment of any dividend or other distribution, there may be set aside out of any assets of the Corporation available for dividends or other distributions such sum or sums as the Board of Directors may from time to time, in its sole discretion, think proper as a reserve fund for contingencies, for equalizing dividends, for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall determine, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve. 
 
 21 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

ARTICLE X 
 INVESTMENT POLICY 
 
 Subject to the provisions of the Charter, the Board of Directors may from time to time adopt, amend, revise or terminate any policy or policies with respect to investments by the Corporation as it shall deem appropriate in its sole discretion. 
 
 ARTICLE XI 
 SEAL 
 
 Section 1. SEAL . The Board of Directors may authorize the adoption of a seal by the Corporation. The seal shall contain the name of the Corporation and the year of its incorporation and the words Incorporated Maryland. The Board of Directors may authorize one or more duplicate seals and provide for the custody thereof. 
 
 Section 2. AFFIXING SEAL . Whenever the Corporation is permitted or required to affix its seal to a document, it shall be sufficient to meet the requirements of any law, rule or regulation relating to a seal to place the word (SEAL) adjacent to the signature of the person authorized to execute the document on behalf of the Corporation. 
 
 ARTICLE XII 
 WAIVER OF NOTICE 
 
 Whenever any notice of a meeting is required to be given pursuant to the Charter or these Bylaws or pursuant to applicable law, a waiver thereof in writing or by electronic transmission, given by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transacted at nor the purpose of any meeting need be set forth in the waiver of notice of such meeting, unless specifically required by statute. The attendance of any person at any meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where such person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting has not been lawfully called or convened. 
 
 ARTICLE XIII 
 EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR CERTAIN LITIGATION 
 
 Section 1. CERTAIN STATE LAW CLAIMS . Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Northern Division, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any Internal Corporate Claim, as such term is defined in the MGCL, or any successor provision thereof, (b) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, other than actions arising under federal securities laws, (c) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or to the stockholders of the Corporation, (d) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or the Charter or these Bylaws, or (e) any other action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. None of the foregoing actions, claims or proceedings may be brought in any court sitting outside the State of Maryland unless the Corporation consents in writing to such court. 
 
 22 

EXHIBIT 3.2 

Section 2. SECURITIES ACT CLAIMS . Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 ARTICLE XIV 
 AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS 
 
 The Board of Directors is vested with the power to alter, amend or repeal any provision of these Bylaws and to adopt new Bylaws. In addition, to the extent permitted by law, the stockholders may alter or repeal any provision of these Bylaws and adopt new Bylaw provisions if any such alteration, repeal or adoption is approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, except that the stockholders shall not have the power to alter this Article XIV or adopt any provision of these Bylaws inconsistent with this Article XIV without the approval of the Board of Directors. 
 
 23 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 modivreit-20221231xex103xs.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.3 

SECOND AMENDMENT TO 
 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF MODIV OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP 
 
 Dated as of December 21, 2022 
 
 THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF MODIV OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP (this Amendment ), dated as of December 21, 2022, is entered into by MODIV INC., a Maryland corporation, as general partner (the General Partner of MODIV OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership ), for itself and on behalf of the Limited Partners of the Partnership. 
 
 WHEREAS , the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the Partnership was entered into effective as of February 1, 2021 and amended on September 15, 2021 (as now or hereafter amended, restated, modified, supplemented or replaced, the Partnership Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS , pursuant to Article 11 of the Partnership Agreement, the General Partner may amend the Partnership Agreement , without the consent of the limited partners of the Partnership, for any reason provided that such amendment does not adversely impact the rights, privileges and preferences of the Class M Units (as defined in the Partnership Agreement), Class P Units (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) or Class R Units (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) or otherwise fall into one of the categories enumerated in clauses (a) through (d) of Article 11 of the Partnership Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS , outside legal counsel to the General Partner and the Partnership has recommended that the Partnership Agreement be amended to correct certain scrivener s errors and to clarify certain terminology included in Exhibit F of the Partnership Agreement which changes do not adversely impact the rights, privileges and preferences of the Class M Units, Class P Units or Class R Units and which do not otherwise require the consent of the Limited Partners (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) and 
 
 WHEREAS , pursuant to the authority granted to the General Partner pursuant to Article 11 of the Partnership Agreement, and as authorized by the unanimous written consent, dated as of December 21, 2022, of the Board of Directors of the General Partner, the General Partner desires to amend the Partnership Agreement by amending and restating Exhibit F to the Partnership Agreement in its entirety to correct certain scrivener s errors and clarify certain terminology. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which hereby are acknowledged, the General Partner hereby amends the Partnership Agreement as follows 
 
 1. Exhibit F to the Partnership Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and a new Exhibit F, in the form attached hereto as Annex A , is hereby inserted in its place. 
 
 2. Except as specifically defined herein, all capitalized terms shall have the definitions provided in the Partnership Agreement. This Amendment has been authorized by the General Partner pursuant to Article 11 of the Partnership Agreement and does not require execution by any Limited Partner or any other Person. 
 
 3. Except as modified herein, all terms and conditions of the Partnership Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, which terms and conditions the General Partner hereby ratifies and confirms. 

SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 

EXHIBIT 10.3 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has executed this Second Amendment as of the date first set forth above. 
 GENERAL PARTNER MODIV INC. By Name Raymond J. Pacini Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 

Signature Page to Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 

EXHIBIT 10.3 

 ANNEX A 
 
 EXHIBIT F 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF CLASS R UNITS 
 
 In accordance with Section 4.2(a)(i) of the Agreement, the Partnership has issued the Class R Units as consideration for services provided by the Key Employees and other Employees to the Partnership. The initial number of Class R Units shall be 360,000 (which reflects adjustment for Modiv Inc. s 1 3 reverse stock split on February 1, 2021). 
 The Class R Units shall have the following terms, rights and restrictions (all references to the Partnership shall refer to Modiv Operating Partnership, LP, and all section references shall refer to the applicable section reference in the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Modiv Operating Partnership, LP, as amended (the Agreement ), and all defined terms shall have the meaning set forth in the Agreement) 
 1. Limits on Transfer and Exchange . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, no Key Employee, Employee, Limited Partner, the General Partner nor the Partnership shall be permitted to transfer, convert or exchange the Class R Units until (i) March 31, 2024 or (ii) the date of such Employee s involuntary termination without cause (or Involuntary Termination as such term is defined in the relevant Key Employee s (or his or her Affiliate s, as applicable) or other Employee s restricted unit award agreement) (clauses (i) and (ii) collectively, the Class R Lock Up Period ), or later. 
 2. No Distribution Rights and No Profit or Loss Allocations . The Class R Units are Partnership Units having all of the rights, title and interests granted to Partnership Units in the Agreement (as modified by this Exhibit F), provided, however , that the Class R Units are not entitled to (i) the distributions set forth in Article 5 of the Agreement (excluding any tax distributions made pursuant to Article 5) (ii) the allocation of any Profit or Loss of the Partnership, (iii) any Exchange Right set forth in Section 8.4 of the Agreement or (iv) voting rights other than as expressly provided for in this Exhibit F. The Class C Units issued in connection with any voluntary, involuntary or mandatory conversion of the Class R Units into Class C Units will have all of the rights, title and interests granted to the Class C Units as set forth in the Agreement, including the right to cash distributions, the allocation of Profit or Loss, an Exchange Right and voting rights as set forth in the Agreement. 
 3. No Voting Rights . The Class R Units shall have no voting or consent rights. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the approval of the holders of Class R Units shall be required for any amendment to the Agreement that adversely impacts the terms, rights and obligations of the Class R Units as set forth herein. 
 4. Voluntary Conversion of Class R Units . Subject to the provisions of this Exhibit F, each Class R Unit shall be convertible, at the option of the holder thereof, at any time following the Class R Lock Up Period, and without the payment of additional consideration by the holder thereof, into Class C Units of the Partnership initially on a 1 1 basis (the Class R Conversion Ratio on the Specified Exchange Date provided, however, that the Class R Conversion Ratio shall be increased to 1 2.5 (which reflects adjustment for the 1 3 reverse stock split on February 1, 2021) if, for the year ending December 31, 2023, funds from operations FFO divided by the weighted average number of fully diluted shares outstanding for the year, inclusive of all previously issued Class P OP units, Class M OP units and Class R Units at the initial Class R Conversion Ratio, equals or exceeds 1.05 per share. The conversion right shall be exercised pursuant to a Notice of Conversion delivered to the Partnership (with a copy to the General Partner) by the Limited Partner who is exercising the conversion right (the Converting Partner provided , further , that no holder of Class R Units may deliver more than two (2) Notices of Conversion during each calendar year. A Limited Partner may not exercise the conversion right for less than 1,000 Class R Units or, if such Limited Partner holds less than 1,000 Class R Units, all of the Class R Units held by such Partner. The Converting Partner shall have no right, with respect to any Class R Units so exchanged, to receive any distribution paid with respect to the Class C Units into which such Class R Units convert if the record date for such distribution is prior to the Specified Exchange Date. 
 1 

EXHIBIT 10.3 

 5. Adjustments to Units . If at any time or from time to time after the date of this Agreement, the Class C Units issuable upon the conversion of the Class R Units are changed into the same or a different number of units of any class or classes of units, whether by recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or otherwise, then following such recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or other change, each Class R Unit shall thereafter be convertible in lieu of the Class C Units into which it was convertible prior to such event into the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property which a holder of the units of that number of Class C Units issuable upon conversion of such Class R Units immediately prior to such recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or other change would have been entitled to receive pursuant to such event, subject to further adjustment as provided herein or with respect to such other securities or property by the terms thereof. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 5, with respect to the rights of the holders of Class R Units after the capital reorganization to the end that the provisions of this Section 5 (including the number of Class C Units issuable upon conversion of the Class R Units) shall be applicable after that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable. 
 6. Mandatory Conversion of Class R Units . The Class R Units shall be automatically and mandatorily converted into Class C Units on March 31, 2024 (the Mandatory Conversion Date at the then-applicable Class R Conversion Ratio. 
 7. Capital Account . Each Partner holding Class R Units shall have an initial Capital Account. 
 8. Profits Interest . Absent a contrary determination (i) by a court or other final tax authority or (ii) by the General Partner following the date hereof based on a change in law governing the taxation of any interest in the Partnership issued in connection with the performance of services for or for the benefit of the Partnership, (A) the Partnership and each Partner shall treat each Class R Unit as a profits interest within the meaning of Rev. Proc. 93-27, 1993-2 C.B. 343, as clarified by Rev. Proc. 2001-43, 2001-34 IRB 191 (B) the Partnership and each Partner shall treat each Partner holding Class R Units as the owner of such Units from the date such Class R Units are granted until such Class R Units are forfeited or otherwise disposed of (iii) the Partnership and each Partner agree not to claim a deduction (as wages, compensation or otherwise) for any value attributable to any Class R Units either upon grant or vesting of the Class R Units and (iv) the holder of Class R Units agrees not to transfer or otherwise dispose of such Units within two (2) years of the date such Units are granted (for avoidance of doubt, a conversion of the Class R Units into Class C Units shall not be considered a transfer or disposition for purposes of this Section 8). 
 9. Special Allocation . Notwithstanding the provisions of Article 5 of the Agreement, Liquidating Gain first shall be allocated to the Partners holding Class M Units, Class P Units and Class R Units with respect to their converted Class M Units, Class P Units or Class R Units to the extent attributable to the appreciation in the value of the Partnership assets after the date of issuance of such units. As a result of the special allocation, it is intended that the Section 704(b) capital account attributable to the converted Class R Units shall be equal to the Section 704(b) capital account for each Class C Unit issued and outstanding as of the date of the conversion on a pro rata basis. 
 10. Rights upon Liquidation . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if, after the conversion of any Class R Unit into a Class C Unit, the Liquidating Gain from a sale, exchange, merger, liquidation or other transaction (each a Capital Event is insufficient to cause the converted Class R Unit to receive an amount of cash or property (at minimum) equal to the liquidation right for Class C Unit on a unit by unit basis, the parties hereby acknowledge and agree that each such unit shall nevertheless receive an amount equal to the liquidation right for Class C Unit on a unit by unit basis, for each converted Class R Unit (the Class R Unit Liquidation Amount ). Upon the actual liquidation of the Partnership, the cash payment of the Class R Unit Liquidation Amount shall be treated as (1) a liquidation distribution from the Partnership to the extent of the section 704(b) capital account attributable to the converted Class R Units and (2) a guaranteed payment for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the excess of the Class R Unit Liquidation Amount in cash over the Section 704(b) capital account balance for each Partner holding such converted Class R Unit. For avoidance of doubt, the Class R Units are subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in this Exhibit F prior to conversion and are not entitled to any liquidation right until conversion. 
 2 

EXHIBIT 10.3 

 11. Survival and Waiver of Conversion Discount . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the rights and privileges of each Partner holding Class R Units shall survive on the same terms and conditions as the rights and privileges of each Partner holding Class M Units in accordance with Section 12 of Exhibit C of the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement. 
 12. Amendment . Notwithstanding the provisions in Article 11 of this Agreement or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, no change, modification, extension, termination, notice of termination, discharge, abandonment or waiver of this Exhibit F or any of its provisions, nor any representation, promise or condition herein, in each case that adversely impacts the rights, privileges and preferences of the Class R Units, will be binding upon any party unless made in writing and signed by a majority of the Partners holding Class R Units. 
 13. Applicability of the Agreement . To the extent not inconsistent with the terms set forth in this Exhibit F, the Class R Units are subject to the terms of this Agreement which apply to Limited Partnership Interests and Partnership Units generally. All defined terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the definitions set forth in this Agreement. 
 14. Vesting Schedule of Time-Based Class R Units in the Event of Termination Without Cause . The vesting schedule of time-based Class R Units in the event of termination of employment without cause (as such term is defined in the relevant Key Employee s (or his or her Affiliate s, as applicable) or other Employee s restricted unit agreement) is as follows 
 
 If Terminated Without Cause (based on 1 25 21 Grant Date) Percentage of Time-Based Awards That Vest Before 12 31 21 0 Before 9 30 22 and on or after 12 31 21 30 Before 9 30 23 and on or after 9 30 22 60 On or after 9 30 23 100 
 
 15. Change of control . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, the rights and privileges of each Partner holding Class R Units shall survive any Change of Control of the Partnership or the General Partner. For purposes of the Third Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement, a Change of Control of the Partnership or the General Partner, as the case may be (the Relevant Entity ), shall mean and include any of the following 
 (i) a merger or consolidation of the Relevant Entity with or into any other business entity (except one in which the holders of capital stock or other equity interests of the Relevant Entity immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continue to hold at least a majority of the outstanding securities having the right to vote of the surviving entity) or 
 (ii) the acquisition by any person or any group of persons (other than the Relevant Entity or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries) acting together in any transaction or related series of transactions, of such number of shares units of the Relevant Entity s equity interests as causes such person, or group of persons, to own beneficially, directly or indirectly, as of the time immediately after such transaction or series of transactions, 50 or more of the combined voting power of the shares units of the Relevant Entity. 
 (iii) Upon (i) a Change of Control, or a sale, lease, exchange or other transfer of all or substantially all of the Partnership s assets, or (ii) any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Partnership (whether voluntary or involuntary) after the date of grant and before the Mandatory Conversion Date, the restrictions on any Class R Units that have not become unrestricted pursuant to 
 3 

EXHIBIT 10.3 

 Section 14 hereof shall lapse and the mandatory conversion of the Class R Units shall be accelerated, and the Mandatory Conversion Date shall be treated as the date that is one business day prior to the closing (or the effectuation) of the relevant transaction. 
 (iv) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in the Partnership Agreement, upon the occurrence of any transaction contemplated by Section 11 of the Third Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, the General Partner hereby agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to consult with the Partners holding Class R Units (with the Chief Executive Officer of Modiv Inc. as a representative thereof) regarding any change in the conversion ratio applicable to the relevant transaction and shall also consider, in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer of Modiv Inc., improving, and shall have the power and discretion to improve, for the benefit of the Class R Units, the Class R Conversion Ratio, subject to preservation of attorney-client privilege held by the Partnership and compliance with all third party confidentiality obligations, in each case as determined by the General Partner in the exercise of sound business judgment. 
 
 4 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.13>
 4
 modivreit-20221231xex1013f.htm
 EX-10.13

Document 

Exhibit 10.13 

 FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AND GUARANTY 
 THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AND GUARANTY (this Amendment made as of the 21 st day of October, 2022, by and among MODIV OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP , a Delaware limited partnership Borrower ), MODIV INC. , a Maryland corporation REIT ), the parties executing below as Subsidiary Guarantors (the Subsidiary Guarantors REIT and the Subsidiary Guarantors, collectively the Guarantors ), KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION KeyBank ), individually and as Agent for itself and the other Lenders from time to time a party to the Credit Agreement (as hereinafter defined) (KeyBank, in its capacity as Agent, is hereinafter referred to as Agent ), and THE OTHER LENDERS WHICH ARE SIGNATORIES HERETO (KeyBank and such Lenders hereinafter referred to collectively as the Lenders ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS , Borrower, Agent and the Lenders entered into that certain Credit Agreement dated as of January 18, 2022 (the Credit Agreement and 
 WHEREAS , the Guarantors executed and delivered that certain Unconditional Guaranty of Payment and Performance dated as of January 18, 2022 in favor of Agent and the Lenders (the Guaranty ), or became a party thereto pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and 
 WHEREAS , Borrower has requested that the Agent and the Lenders make certain modifications to the terms of the Credit Agreement and 
 WHEREAS , the Agent and the Lenders have agreed to make such modifications subject to the execution and delivery by Borrower and Guarantors of this Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto do hereby covenant and agree as follows 
 1. Definitions . All the terms used herein which are not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 2. Modification of the Credit Agreement . Borrower, the Lenders and Agent do hereby modify and amend the Credit Agreement as follows 
 (a) By deleting in their entirety the definitions of Debt Service Coverage Amount , Revolving Credit Commitment , Revolving Credit Commitment , Term Loan Commitment , Total Commitment , Total Revolving Credit Commitment and Total Term Loan Commitment appearing in 1.1 of the Credit Agreement, and inserting in lieu thereof the following 
 Debt Service Coverage Amount . At any date of determination, an amount equal to the maximum principal loan amount outstanding (a) having an interest rate equal to the greatest of (i) a rate per annum equal to the then-current annual yield on ten (10) year obligations issued by the United States Treasury most recently prior to the date of determination plus one hundred seventy-five (175) basis points (1.75 ), (ii) a rate per annum equal to six percent (6.00 ), and (iii) the highest per annum interest rate being paid at the time of such determination hereunder, and (b) being amortized over a thirty (30) year period, which would be payable by the monthly principal and interest payment amount resulting from dividing (x) Adjusted Pro Forma Net Operating Income from the Borrowing Base Properties divided by (A) at all times prior to the calendar 

quarter ending December 31, 2023, 1.40, and (B) from and after the calendar quarter ending December 31, 2023, 1.50, by (y) 12. Attached hereto as Schedule 9 is an example of the calculation of Debt Service Coverage Amount (such example is meant only as an illustration based upon the assumptions set forth in such example, and shall not be interpreted so as to limit the Agent in its good faith determination of the Debt Service Coverage Amount hereunder). The determination of the Debt Service Coverage Amount and the components thereof by the Agent shall, so long as the same shall be determined in good faith, be conclusive and binding absent demonstrable error. 
 Revolving Credit Commitment . With respect to each Revolving Credit Lender, the amount set forth on Schedule 1.1 hereto as the amount of such Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment to make or maintain Revolving Credit Loans (other than Swing Loans) to the Borrower, to participate in Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower, and to participate in Swing Loans to the Borrower, as the same may be changed from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and after giving effect to any assignments made pursuant to the terms hereof. As of October 21, 2022, the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitment of all of the Revolving Credit Lenders is One Hundred Fifty Million and No 100 Dollars 150,000,000.00). The Revolving Credit Commitment may increase in accordance with 2.11. 
 Term Loan Commitment . As to each Term Loan Lender, the amount equal to such Term Loan Lender s Term Loan Commitment Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans from time to time Outstanding to the Borrower. As of October 21, 2022, the aggregate Term Loan Commitment of all of the Term Loan Lenders is Two Hundred Fifty Million and No 100 Dollars 250,000,000.00). The Term Loan Commitment may increase in accordance with 2.11. 
 Total Commitment . The sum of the Commitments of the Lenders, as in effect from time to time. As of October 21, 2022, the Total Commitment is Four Hundred Million and No 100 Dollars 400,000,000.00). The Total Commitment may increase in accordance with 2.11. 
 Total Revolving Credit Commitment . The sum of the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Revolving Credit Lenders, as in effect from time to time. As of October 21, 2022, the Total Revolving Credit Commitment is One Hundred Fifty Million and No 100 Dollars 150,000,000.00). The Total Revolving Credit Commitment may increase in accordance with 2.11. 
 Total Term Loan Commitment . The sum of the Term Loan Commitments of the Term Loan Lenders, as in effect from time to time. As of October 21, 2022, the Total Term Loan Commitment is Two Hundred Fifty Million and No 100 Dollars 250,000,000.00). The Total Term Loan Commitment may increase in accordance with 2.11. 
 (b) By inserting the following new definition into 1.1 of the Credit Agreement in the appropriate alphabetical order 
 Industrial Portfolio Acquisition . The acquisition by a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Borrower of a net lease industrial portfolio of up to twenty- 
 2 

two (22) properties totaling up to 2,864,006 square feet, as more particularly described in that certain Exclusive Offering Memorandum by CBRE, Inc. provided by Borrower to Agent. 
 (c) By deleting in their entirety the words and with respect to any increase of the Term Loans on the applicable Commitment Increase Date (i) with respect to any existing Term Loan Lender, the amount by which such Term Loan Lender s Term Loan Commitment increases on the applicable Commitment Increase Date and with respect to any new Term Loan Lender, the amount of such new Lender s Term Loan Commitment appearing in the first (1 st sentence of 2.2(a) and inserting in lieu thereof the following 
 and with respect to any additional Term Loans made as a result of any increase in the Total Term Loan Commitment (whether made on the applicable Commitment Increase Date or on a subsequent Drawdown Date as agreed upon by the Term Loan Lenders participating in such increase), the lesser of (i) with respect to any existing Term Loan Lender, the amount by which such Term Loan Lender s Term Loan Commitment increases on the applicable Commitment Increase Date and with respect to any new Term Loan Lender, the amount of such new Lender s Term Loan Commitment (or, in each case, with respect to any such increase of the Term Loans that may be borrowed on a delayed draw basis, on the applicable Drawdown Date) 
 (d) By deleting in its entirety the third (3 rd sentence of 2.2(a) and inserting in lieu thereof the following new sentence 
 In addition, any additional Term Loans made as a result of any increase in the Total Term Loan Commitment pursuant to 2.11 shall be made on the applicable Commitment Increase Date (or with respect to any such increase of the Total Term Loan Commitment that may be borrowed on a delayed draw basis, on the applicable Drawdown Date within the delayed draw period agreed upon by the Term Loan Lenders participating in such increase) and the amount of the Term Loans requested on such applicable Drawdown Date shall be, subject to the terms of this Agreement, not less than 10,000,000.00 and increments of 5,000,000.00 in excess thereof. 
 (e) By deleting in its entirety the number 500,000,000.00 appearing in the first (1 st sentence of 2.11(a) of the Credit Agreement, and inserting in lieu thereof the number 750,000,000.00 
 (f) deleting in its entirety 7.19(a)(v) of the Credit Agreement, and inserting in lieu thereof the following 
 (v) (X) prior to the consummation of the Industrial Portfolio Acquisition, at least thirty percent (30.0 of the aggregate Net Operating Income of the Borrowing Base Properties shall be attributable to Investment Grade Tenants, provided that any shortfall to such requirement shall not result in any Borrowing Base Property not being included in the calculation of Borrowing Base Availability, but the Net Operating Income attributable to Borrowing Base Properties not leased to Investment Grade Tenants shall instead be reduced such that, after giving effect to such reduction, at least thirty percent (30.0 of the aggregate Net Operating Income of the Borrowing Base Properties shall be attributable to Investment Grade Tenants and a proportional amount of the Acquisition Cost and the NAV Valuation of the such Borrowing Base Properties shall 
 3 

be similarly excluded, as applicable, for purpose of calculating Borrowing Base Value and Borrowing Base Availability, and (Y) from and after the consummation of the Industrial Acquisition, at least seventy percent (70.0 of the Borrowing Base Value shall be attributable to industrial properties (which for purposes of this clause (v) shall include, without limitation, warehouse, light manufacturing, research and development and flex properties), provided that any shortfall to such requirement shall not result in any Borrowing Base Property being excluded from the calculation of Borrowing Base Availability, but the Borrowing Base Availability attributable to Borrowing Base Properties that are not industrial properties shall instead be reduced such that, after giving effect to such reduction, at least seventy percent (70.0 of the Borrowing Base Value shall be attributable to industrial properties 
 (g) By modifying 7.19(a) of the Credit Agreement by (i) deleting the word and appearing at the end of 7.19(a)(x) of the Credit Agreement, (ii) deleting the period appearing at the end of 7.19(a)(xi) of the Credit Agreement and inserting and in lieu thereof, and (iii) inserting the following new 7.19(a)(x)(ii) into the Credit Agreement 
 (xii) the Borrowing Base Properties included in the calculation of the Borrowing Base Availability shall at all times have on a collective basis for all such Eligible Real Estate a weighted average remaining lease term (calculated by weighting the remaining lease term of such Eligible Real Estate (without regard to any extension options at the tenant s discretion) by the Net Operating Income attributable to such Eligible Real Estate) of not less than seven (7) years. 
 (h) By inserting the following sentence at the end of 7.19(a) of the Credit Agreement 
 The Industrial Portfolio Acquisition and the inclusion of the Eligible Real Estate acquired by a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Borrower in connection therewith as Borrowing Base Properties are approved by the Lenders, in each case, subject to continued compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement applicable to Borrowing Base Properties that are included in the calculation of Borrowing Base Availability. 
 (i) By inserting the following sentence at the end of 8.7(a) of the Credit Agreement 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, REIT may, and the Borrower may make Distributions to allow REIT to, make payments for share repurchases of the REIT s publicly listed Class C Common Stock consummated in calendar year 2022 in an aggregate amount not to exceed 10,000,000.00, and such payments shall be excluded from the calculation of the covenant set forth in the foregoing sentence. and 
 (j) By deleting in its entirety Schedule 1.1 attached to the Credit Agreement and inserting in lieu thereof Schedule 1.1 attached to this Amendment and made a part hereof. 
 3. Amendment of Guaranty . Agent and Guarantors do hereby modify and amend the Guaranty as follows 
 4 

(a) By deleting in its entirety Paragraph (a) of the Guaranty, appearing on page 1 thereof, and inserting in lieu thereof the following 
 (a) the full and prompt payment when due, whether by acceleration or otherwise, either before or after maturity thereof, of (i) the Revolving Credit Notes made by Borrower to the order of the Revolving Credit Lenders in the aggregate principal face amount of up to One Hundred Fifty Million and No 100 Dollars 150,000,000.00), (ii) the Term Loan Notes made by Borrower to the order of the Term Loan Lenders in the original principal face amount of up to Two Hundred Fifty Million and No 100 Dollars 250,000,000.00), and (iii) the Swing Loan Note made by Borrower to the order of Swing Loan Lender in the principal face amount of Twelve Million Five Hundred Thousand and No 100 Dollars 12,500,000.00), together with interest as provided in the Revolving Credit Notes, the Term Loan Notes and Swing Loan Note and together with any replacements, supplements, renewals, modifications, consolidations, restatements, increases and extensions thereof and and 
 (b) By deleting the figure 500,000,000.00 appearing in paragraph (g) of the Guaranty, appearing on page 2 thereof, and inserting in lieu thereof the number 750,000,000.00. 
 4. Commitment Increase . 
 (a) Borrower and Guarantors hereby acknowledge and agree that as of the Effective Date (as hereinafter defined) and following satisfaction of all conditions thereto as provided herein, the amount of each Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment and each Term Loan Lender s Term Loan Commitment, as applicable, shall be the amount set forth on Schedule 1.1 attached hereto (the respective amounts by which the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and the Total Term Loan Commitment are being increased hereby being referred to herein collectively as the Commitment Increase ). In connection with the Commitment Increase, (i) each Revolving Credit Lender which is increasing its Revolving Credit Commitment shall be issued a new Revolving Credit Note in the principal face amount of its Revolving Credit Commitment, which will be a Revolving Credit Note under the Credit Agreement, and (ii) each Term Loan Lender which is increasing its Term Loan Commitment shall be issued a new Term Loan Note in the principal face amount of its Term Loan Commitment, which will be a Term Loan Note under the Credit Agreement, and each such increasing Lender will promptly after receipt of such new Revolving Credit Note and or Term Loan Note, as the case may be, return to Borrower its existing Revolving Credit Note and or Term Loan Note, as the case may be, marked Replaced. 
 (b) On the Effective Date, the outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Credit Loans shall be reallocated among the Revolving Credit Lenders such that the outstanding principal amount of Revolving Credit Loans owed to each Revolving Credit Lender shall be equal to such Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Credit Loans. The participation interests of the Revolving Credit Lenders in Swing Loans and Letters of Credit shall be similarly adjusted. Each of those Revolving Credit Lenders whose Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage is increasing shall advance the funds to the Agent and the funds so advanced shall be distributed among the Revolving Credit Lenders whose Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage is decreasing as necessary to accomplish the required reallocation of the outstanding Revolving Credit Loans, as necessary to accomplish the required reallocation of the outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Credit Loans. 
 5 

(c) Subject to the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby), the Term Loan Lenders whose Term Loan Commitments are increasing on the Effective Date (the Increasing Term Loan Lenders shall severally and not jointly lend to the Borrower, and the Borrower may borrow from time to time up to a maximum of two (2) times, but only during the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the date that is sixty (60) days after the Effective Date (the Term Loan Increase Commitment Period ), upon notice by the Borrower to the Agent given in accordance with 2.7(b) of the Credit Agreement, such sums as are requested by the Borrower for the purposes set forth in 2.9 of the Credit Agreement up to a maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding (after giving effect to all amounts requested) at any one time equal to the lesser of (i) with respect to each Increasing Term Loan Lender, the amount by which such Increasing Term Loan Lender s Term Loan Commitment is increased on the Effective Date, and (ii) such Increasing Term Loan Lender s Term Loan Commitment Percentage of the sum of (A) the Borrowing Base Availability minus (B) the sum of (1) the principal amount of all outstanding Revolving Credit Loans, Term Loans and Swing Loans, plus (2) the aggregate amount of Letter of Credit Liabilities provided, that, in all events no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and provided, further, that the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans, Term Loans (after giving effect to all amounts requested), Swing Loans and Letter of Credit Liabilities shall not at any time (X) exceed the lesser of (A) Borrowing Base Availability and (B) the Total Commitment or (Y) cause a violation of the covenants set forth in 7.19 or 9.1 of the Credit Agreement, nor shall the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans (after giving effect to all amounts requested) exceed the Total Term Loan Commitment (after giving effect to the Commitment Increase). Borrower shall not have the right to draw down any Term Loans in respect of the Commitment Increase after the Term Loan Increase Commitment Period has expired, and the amount of any Term Loan requested during the Term Loan Increase Commitment Period shall be, subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement, not less than 10,000,000.00 and increments of 5,000,000.00 in excess thereof. 
 5. References to Loan Documents . All references in the Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement and the Guaranty shall be deemed a reference to the Credit Agreement and the Guaranty as modified and amended herein. 
 6. Consent and Acknowledgment of Borrower and Guarantors . By execution of this Amendment, the Guarantors hereby expressly consent to the modifications and amendments relating to the Credit Agreement and the Guaranty as set forth herein and any other agreements or instruments executed in connection herewith, and Borrower and Guarantors hereby acknowledge, represent and agree that (a) the Credit Agreement and the Guaranty, as modified and amended herein, and the other Loan Documents remain in full force and effect and constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of Borrower and Guarantors, as applicable, enforceable against such Persons in accordance with their respective terms, (b) that the Guaranty extends to and applies to the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents as modified and amended herein, and (c) that the execution and delivery of this Amendment and any other agreements or instruments executed in connection herewith does not constitute, and shall not be deemed to constitute, a release, waiver or satisfaction of Borrower s or any Guarantor s obligations under the Loan Documents. 
 7. Representations and Warranties . Borrower and Guarantors represent and warrant to Agent and the Lenders as follows 
 (a) Authorization . The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and any other agreements or instruments executed in connection herewith and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (i) are within the authority of Borrower and Guarantors, (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary proceedings on the part of the Borrower and Guarantors, (iii) do not and will not conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of any provision of law, statute, rule or regulation to which Borrower or any 
 6 

Guarantor is subject or any judgment, order, writ, injunction, license or permit applicable to Borrower or any Guarantor, (iv) do not and will not conflict with or constitute a default (whether with the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both) under any provision of the partnership agreement, operating agreement, articles of incorporation or other charter documents or bylaws of, or any agreement or other instrument binding upon, Borrower or any Guarantor or any of their respective properties, (v) do not and will not result in or require the imposition of any lien or other encumbrance on any of the properties, assets or rights of Borrower or any Guarantor and (vi) do not require the approval or consent of any Person other than those already obtained and delivered to the Agent. 
 (b) Enforceability . This Amendment and any other agreements or instruments executed in connection herewith to which Borrower or any Guarantor is a party are the valid and legally binding obligations of Borrower and Guarantors enforceable in accordance with the respective terms and provisions hereof, except as enforceability is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws relating to or affecting generally the enforcement of creditors rights and the effect of general principles of equity. 
 (c) Approvals . The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and any other agreements or instruments executed in connection herewith and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not require the approval or consent of, or any filing or registration with, or the giving of any notice to, any court, department, board, governmental agency or authority other than those already obtained, and filings after the date hereof of disclosures with the SEC. 
 (d) Reaffirmation of Representations and Warranties . Each of the representations and warranties made by or on behalf of the Borrower, the Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries contained in the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents or in any document or instrument delivered pursuant to or in connection with the Credit Agreement or this Amendment is true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof, with the same effect as if made at and as of the date hereof, except to the extent of changes resulting from transactions permitted by the Loan Documents (it being understood and agreed that, with respect to any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date, such representation or warranty is reaffirmed hereby only as of such specified date). To the extent that any of the representations and warranties contained in the Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document or in any document or instrument delivered pursuant to or in connection with the Credit Agreement or this Amendment is qualified by Material Adverse Effect or any other materiality qualifier, then the qualifier in all material respects contained in this paragraph shall not apply with respect to any such representations and warranties. 
 8. No Default . By execution hereof, the Borrower and Guarantors certify that the Borrower and Guarantors are, and will be immediately after giving effect to the execution and delivery of this Amendment and the other Loan Documents executed in connection herewith, in compliance with all covenants under the Loan Documents, and that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 9. Waiver of Claims . Borrower and Guarantors acknowledge, represent and agree that none of such Persons has any defenses, setoffs, claims, counterclaims or causes of action of any kind or nature whatsoever arising on or before the date hereof with respect to the Loan Documents, the administration or funding of the Loan or the Letters of Credit or with respect to any acts or omissions of Agent or any Lender, or any past or present officers, agents or employees of Agent or any Lender, and each of such Persons does hereby expressly waive, release and relinquish any and all such defenses, setoffs, claims, counterclaims and causes of action arising on or before the date hereof, if any. 
 7 

10. Ratification . Except as hereinabove set forth, all terms, covenants and provisions of the Credit Agreement and the Guaranty remain unaltered and in full force and effect, and the parties hereto do hereby expressly ratify and confirm the Credit Agreement and the Guaranty as modified and amended herein. Nothing in this Amendment or any other document delivered in connection herewith shall be deemed or construed to constitute, and there has not otherwise occurred, a novation, cancellation, satisfaction, release, extinguishment or substitution of the indebtedness evidenced by the Notes or the other obligations of Borrower and Guarantors under the Loan Documents. 
 11. Effective Date . This Amendment shall be deemed effective and in full force and effect (the Effective Date upon confirmation by the Agent of the satisfaction of the following conditions 
 (a) the execution and delivery of this Amendment by Borrower, Guarantors, Agent, each of the Lenders participating in the Commitment Increase and the Required Lenders 
 (b) the delivery to Agent of an opinion of counsel to the Borrower and the Guarantors addressed to the Agent and the Lenders covering such matters as the Agent may reasonably request 
 (c) the delivery to Agent of a Revolving Credit Note duly executed by the Borrower in favor of each Revolving Credit Lender whose Revolving Credit Commitment is increasing in the amount set forth next to such Revolving Credit Lender s name on Schedule 1.1 attached hereto 
 (d) the delivery to Agent of a Term Loan Note duly executed by the Borrower in favor of each Term Loan Lender whose Term Loan Commitment is increasing in the amount set forth next to such Term Loan Lender s name on Schedule 1.1 attached hereto 
 (e) receipt by Agent of evidence that the Borrower shall have paid all fees due and payable with respect to this Amendment and the Commitment Increase 
 (f) receipt by Agent of such other resolutions, certificates, documents, instruments and agreements as the Agent may reasonably request 
 (g) delivery to Agent of (i) a Borrowing Base Certificate and (ii) a Compliance Certificate evidencing compliance with the covenants described in 9 of the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby) and the other covenants described in such Compliance Certificate, each adjusted to give pro forma effect to the advance of any Loans to be made on or about the date thereof and 
 (h) The Borrower shall have paid the reasonable fees and expenses of Agent in connection with this Amendment. 
 12. Amendment as Loan Document . This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document. 
 13. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts which shall together constitute but one and the same agreement. 
 14. Electronic Signatures . Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by facsimile or as an attachment to an electronic mail message in .pdf, .jpeg, .TIFF or similar electronic format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment for all purposes. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment and any other 
 8 

Loan Document to be signed in connection with this Amendment, the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act provided that nothing herein shall require the Agent to accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent. For the purposes hereof, Electronic Signatures means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. Each of the parties hereto represents and warrants to the other parties hereto that it has the corporate capacity and authority to execute the Amendment through electronic means and there are no restrictions for doing so in that party s constitutive documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower hereby (i) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among any of the Agent or the Lenders and any of the Borrower or Guarantors, electronic images of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (in each case, including with respect to any signature pages thereto) shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, and (ii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of such Loan Document, including with respect to any signature pages thereto. 
 15. MISCELLANEOUS . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL, PURSUANT TO NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTION 5-1401, BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. This Amendment shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors, successors-in-title and assigns as provided in the Credit Agreement. 
 Signatures Begin On Next Page 
 9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto, acting by and through their respective duly authorized officers and or other representatives, have duly executed this Amendment under seal as of the day and year first above written. 
 BORROWER 
 MODIV OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 By Modiv Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner 
 
 By s RAYMOND J. PACINI 
 Name Raymond J. Pacini 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

REIT 
 
 MODIV INC. , a Maryland corporation 
 
 By s RAYMOND J. PACINI 
 Name Raymond J. Pacini Title Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Signatures Continue on Following Page 
 
 KeyBank Modiv Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty 

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 
 
 RU WAG SANTA MARIA, LLC 
 RU L3 CARLSBAD, LLC 
 RU GAP ROCKLIN, LLC 
 RU DG BIG SPRING, LLC 
 RU ITW SKY PARK, LLC 
 RU DT MORROW GA, LLC 
 RU PRE K SAN ANTONIO, LLC 
 RU GSA VACAVILLE, LLC 
 RU PMI SAN CARLOS, LLC 
 RU DG BAKERSFIELD, LLC 
 MODIV ARROW ARCHBOLD OH LLC 
 MODIV RC 19110 STONE OAK PKWY SAN ANTONIO TX LLC 
 RU FAIRVIEW DRIVE DEKALB IL, LLC 
 RU ELM HILL PIKE NASHVILLE TN, LLC 
 RU 6877-6971 WEST FRYE ROAD CHANDLER AZ, LLC 
 RU 8825 STATESVILLE ROAD CHARLOTTE NC, LLC 
 RU EXP MAITLAND FL, LLC 
 RU NG MELBOURNE FL, LLC 
 RU NG PARCEL MELBOURNE FL, LLC 
 RU DG OHPAME6, LLC 
 RU LEVINS SACRAMENTO, LLC 
 MDV TROPHY CARSON CA LLC 
 MDV LINPRE 8, LLC 
 MDV OF SAINT PAUL MN LLC 
 MDV TRINITY 4, LLC 
 MDV UPSTATE NY, LLC , 
 each a California limited liability company 
 
 By MODIV OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP , a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member 
 
 By MODIV INC. , a Maryland corporation, its general partner 
 
 By s RAYMOND J. PACINI Name Raymond J. Pacini Title Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Signatures Continue on Following Page 

MDV 1031, LLC, 
 an Ohio limited liability company 
 
 By MODIV OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP , a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member 
 
 By MODIV INC. , a Maryland corporation, its general partner 
 KeyBank Modiv Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty 

By s RAYMOND J. PACINI Name Raymond J. Pacini Title Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Signatures Continue on Following Page 

KeyBank Modiv Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty 

AGENT AND LENDERS 
 
 KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , individually as a Lender and as the Agent 
 
 By s THOMAS Z. SCHMITT 
 Name Thomas Z. Schmitt 
 Title Vice President 
 
 (SEAL) 
 
 BMO HARRIS BANK N.A. , as a Lender 
 
 By s JONAS ROBINSON 
 Name Jonas Robinson 
 Title Director 
 
 (SEAL) 
 
 TRUIST BANK , as a Lender 
 
 By s RYAN ALMOND 
 Name Ryan Almond 
 Title Director 
 
 (SEAL) 
 
 THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK , as a Lender 
 
 By s ERIN L. MAHON 
 Name Erin L. Mahon 
 Title Assistant Vice President 
 
 (SEAL) 

Signatures Continue on Following Page 

KeyBank Modiv Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty 

SYNOVUS BANK , as a Lender 
 
 By s ZACHARY BRAUN 
 Name Zachary Braun 
 Title Corporate Banker 
 
 (SEAL) 
 
 S&T BANK , as a Lender 
 
 By s SEAN APICELLA 
 Name Sean Apicella 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 (SEAL) 
 
 FIRST FINANCIAL BANK , as a Lender 
 
 By s JOHN WILGUS 
 Name John Wilgus 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 (SEAL) 

KeyBank Modiv Signature Page to First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty 

SCHEDULE 1.1 
 LENDERS AND COMMITMENTS 
 REVOLVING CREDIT COMMITMENT 
 Name and Address Revolving Credit Commitment Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage 
 KeyBank National Association 
 1200 Abernathy Road, N.E., Suite 1550 
 Atlanta, Georgia 30328 
 Attn Tom Schmitt Telephone 770-510-2109 
 Facsimile 770-510-2195 
 36,500,000.00 24.333333333333 Truist Bank 
 303 Peachtree Street, NE, 22 nd Floor 
 Atlanta, GA 30308 
 Attn Ryan Almond 
 Telephone 404-813-1352 
 35,666,667.00 23.777778000000 The Huntington National Bank 
 222 North LaSalle Street, Suite 1200 CHI-902 
 Chicago, IL 60601 
 Attn Joe White 
 Telephone 708-273-8690 
 31,500,000.00 21.000000000000 BMO Harris Bank N.A. 
 115 South LaSalle Street, 36 th Floor 
 Chicago, IL 60603 
 Attn Jonas Robinson 
 Telephone 312-461-3031 
 19,000,000.00 12.666666666667 Synovus Bank 
 3400 Overton Park Drive, Floor 5 
 Atlanta, GA 30339 
 Attn Zachary Braun 
 Telephone 678-302-1183 
 12,000,000.00 8.000000000000 First Financial Bank 
 255 East 5 th Street, Suite 800 
 Cincinnati, OH 45202 
 Attn Jamie Schmitz 
 Telephone 513-989-5888 
 9,333,333.00 6.222222000000 S&T Bank 
 491 N. Cleveland Massillon Road 
 Akron, OH 44333 
 Attn Jeff Srp 
 Telephone 330-664-2908 
 6,000,000.00 4.000000000000 TOTAL 150,000,000.00 100 
 Percentages may not add up to 100 due to rounding. 
 Schedule 1.1 Page 1 

TERM LOAN COMMITMENT 
 
 Name and Address Term Loan Commitment Term Loan Commitment Percentage KeyBank National Association 
 1200 Abernathy Road, N.E., Suite 1550 
 Atlanta, Georgia 30328 
 Attn Tom Schmitt Telephone 770-510-2109 
 Facsimile 770-510-2195 
 63,500,000.00 25.400000000000 Truist Bank 
 303 Peachtree Street, NE, 22 nd Floor 
 Atlanta, GA 30308 
 Attn Ryan Almond 
 Telephone 404-813-1352 
 61,833,333.00 24.733333200000 The Huntington National Bank 
 222 North LaSalle Street, Suite 1200 CHI-902 
 Chicago, IL 60601 
 Attn Joe White 
 Telephone 708-273-8690 
 53,500,000.00 21.400000000000 BMO Harris Bank N.A. 
 115 South LaSalle Street, 36 th Floor 
 Chicago, IL 60603 
 Attn Jonas Robinson 
 Telephone 312-461-3031 
 28,500,000.00 11.400000000000 Synovus Bank 
 3400 Overton Park Drive, Floor 5 
 Atlanta, GA 30339 
 Attn Zachary Braun 
 Telephone 678-302-1183 
 18,000,000.00 7.200000000000 First Financial Bank 
 255 East 5 th Street, Suite 800 
 Cincinnati, OH 45202 
 Attn Jamie Schmitz 
 Telephone 513-989-5888 
 15,666,667.00 6.266666800000 S&T Bank 
 491 N. Cleveland Massillon Road 
 Akron, OH 44333 
 Attn Jeff Srp 
 Telephone 330-664-2908 
 9,000,000.00 3.600000000000 TOTAL 250,000,000.00 100 
 Percentages may not add up to 100 due to rounding. 
 
 Schedule 1.1 Page 2 

TOTAL COMMITMENT 
 
 Name and Address Total Commitment Total Commitment Percentage KeyBank National Association 
 1200 Abernathy Road, N.E., Suite 1550 
 Atlanta, Georgia 30328 
 Attn Tom Schmitt Telephone 770-510-2109 
 Facsimile 770-510-2195 
 100,000,000.00 25.000000000000 Truist Bank 
 303 Peachtree Street, NE, 22 nd Floor 
 Atlanta, GA 30308 
 Attn Ryan Almond 
 Telephone 404-813-1352 
 97,500,000.00 24.375000000000 The Huntington National Bank 
 222 North LaSalle Street, Suite 1200 CHI-902 
 Chicago, IL 60601 
 Attn Joe White 
 Telephone 708-273-8690 
 85,000,000.00 21.250000000000 BMO Harris Bank N.A. 
 115 South LaSalle Street, 36 th Floor 
 Chicago, IL 60603 
 Attn Jonas Robinson 
 Telephone 312-461-3031 
 47,500,000.00 11.875000000000 Synovus Bank 
 3400 Overton Park Drive, Floor 5 
 Atlanta, GA 30339 
 Attn Zachary Braun 
 Telephone 678-302-1183 
 30,000,000.00 7.500000000000 First Financial Bank 
 255 East 5 th Street, Suite 800 
 Cincinnati, OH 45202 
 Attn Jamie Schmitz 
 Telephone 513-989-5888 
 25,000,000.00 6.250000000000 S&T Bank 
 491 N. Cleveland Massillon Road 
 Akron, OH 44333 
 Attn Jeff Srp 
 Telephone 330-664-2908 
 15,000,000.00 3.750000000000 TOTAL 400,000,000.00 100 
 Percentages may not add up to 100 due to rounding. 
 
 Schedule 1.1 Page 3 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 5
 modivreit-20221231xex1014s.htm
 EX-10.14

Document 

Exhibit 10.14 

 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment made as of the 20th day of December, 2022, by and among MODIV OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP , a Delaware limited partnership Borrower ), MODIV INC. , a Maryland corporation REIT ), the parties executing below as Subsidiary Guarantors (the Subsidiary Guarantors REIT and the Subsidiary Guarantors, collectively the Guarantors ), KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION KeyBank ), individually and as Agent for itself and the other Lenders from time to time a party to the Credit Agreement (as hereinafter defined) (KeyBank, in its capacity as Agent, is hereinafter referred to as Agent ), and THE OTHER LENDERS WHICH ARE SIGNATORIES HERETO (KeyBank and such Lenders hereinafter referred to collectively as the Lenders ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS , Borrower, Agent and the Lenders entered into that certain Credit Agreement dated as of January 18, 2022, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Guaranty (the First Amendment dated as of October 21, 2022 among Borrower, Guarantors, Agent and the Lenders (collectively, the Credit Agreement and 
 WHEREAS , the Guarantors executed and delivered that certain Unconditional Guaranty of Payment and Performance dated as of January 18, 2022 in favor of Agent and the Lenders, as amended by the First Amendment (collectively, the Guaranty ), or became a party thereto pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and 
 WHEREAS , Borrower has requested that the Agent and the Lenders make certain modifications to the terms of the Credit Agreement and 
 WHEREAS , the Agent and the Lenders have agreed to make such modifications subject to the execution and delivery by Borrower and Guarantors of this Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto do hereby covenant and agree as follows 
 1. Definitions . All the terms used herein which are not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 2. Modification of the Credit Agreement . Borrower, the Lenders and Agent do hereby modify and amend the Credit Agreement as follows 
 (a) By extending the Term Loan Increase Commitment Period (as defined in the First Amendment) such that the Term Loan Increase Commitment Period expires on April 19, 2023 and 
 (b) By increasing the number of times the Borrower may borrow Term Loans during the Term Loan Increase Commitment Period from two (2) times to five (5) times, provided, that, each such borrowing shall continue to be subject to the terms, conditions and provisions set forth in the Credit Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 4(c) of the First Amendment). 
 3. Term Loan Increase Unused Fee . During the period commencing on December 21, 2022 and ending on the last day of the Term Loan Increase Commitment Period (as extended hereby), the Borrower agrees to pay to the Agent for the account of the Increasing Term Loan Lenders (as defined in the First Amendment), other than an Increasing Term Loan Lender that is a Defaulting Lender for such period of time as such Increasing Term Loan Lender is a Defaulting 

Lender, in accordance with their respective Term Loan Commitment Percentages a term loan facility unused fee calculated for each day during such period at the rate of 0.25 per annum, calculated as a per diem rate, times the excess of the aggregate Term Loan Commitments of the Increasing Term Loan Lenders over the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans made by the Increasing Term Loan Lenders in all instances Outstanding on such day. The term loan facility unused fee shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the first (1st) Business Day after the last day of each calendar quarter for the immediately preceding calendar quarter or portion thereof, and on any earlier date on which the Increasing Term Loan Lenders have funded their entire Term Loan Commitments or such Term Loan Commitments have been terminated. 
 4. Relocation of Chief Executive Office . The Borrower has notified Agent and the Lenders that it intends to relocate the chief executive office and principal place of business of the Borrower and the Guarantors from 130 Newport Center Drive, Suite 240, Newport Beach, California 92660 to 200 S. Virginia Street, Suite 800, Reno, Nevada 89501 and, in connection with such relocation, change the jurisdiction of organization of certain Subsidiary Guarantors from California to Nevada and or Delaware (collectively, the Relocation Transaction ). Without limiting any of the terms, conditions and provisions of the Credit Agreement and other Loan Documents, in connection with the Relocation Transaction, the Borrower and the Guarantors shall (i) provide to the Agent and Lenders such documentation and other information reasonably requested by the Agent or any Lender in order to comply with its know your customer requirements and to confirm compliance with other Applicable Laws (including, without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Regulation) and (ii) execute, deliver and enter into such amendments, modifications and ratifications of the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, amendments to existing financing statements or new financing statements) as the Agent reasonably deems necessary or desirable in order to (X) evidence the Relocation Transaction, (Y) ratify and reaffirm the Borrower and Guarantors obligations under the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, any liens or security interests granted by such Persons), and (Z) protect and maintain the perfection of the liens and security interests granted by such Persons in the Collateral (collectively, the Relocation Transaction Amendments ), and Agent shall be authorized to enter into such Relocation Transaction Amendments on behalf of the Lenders. Borrower and Guarantors hereby agree that any modifications or amendments to, or restatements or replacements of, the formation or organizational documents of Borrower or any Guarantor in connection with the Relocation Transaction shall be subject to the prior written approval of the Agent, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Borrower shall pay the reasonable out of pocket fees, expenses and disbursements of the Agent incurred in connection with the Relocation Transaction in accordance with Section 15 of the Credit Agreement. 
 5. References to Loan Documents . All references in the Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement shall be deemed a reference to the Credit Agreement as modified and amended herein. 
 6. Consent and Acknowledgment of Borrower and Guarantors . By execution of this Amendment, the Guarantors hereby expressly consent to the modifications and amendments relating to the Credit Agreement as set forth herein and any other agreements or instruments executed in connection herewith, and Borrower and Guarantors hereby acknowledge, represent and agree that (a) the Credit Agreement, as modified and amended herein, and the other Loan Documents remain in full force and effect and constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of Borrower and Guarantors, as applicable, enforceable against such Persons in accordance with their respective terms, (b) that the Guaranty extends to and applies to the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents as modified and amended herein, and (c) that the execution and delivery of this Amendment and any other agreements or instruments executed in connection herewith does not constitute, and shall not be deemed to constitute, a release, waiver or satisfaction of Borrower s or any Guarantor s obligations under the Loan Documents. 
 2 

7. Representations and Warranties . Borrower and Guarantors represent and warrant to Agent and the Lenders as follows 
 (a) Authorization . The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and any other agreements or instruments executed in connection herewith and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (i) are within the authority of Borrower and Guarantors, (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary proceedings on the part of the Borrower and Guarantors, (iii) do not and will not conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of any provision of law, statute, rule or regulation to which Borrower or any Guarantor is subject or any judgment, order, writ, injunction, license or permit applicable to Borrower or any Guarantor, (iv) do not and will not conflict with or constitute a default (whether with the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both) under any provision of the partnership agreement, operating agreement, articles of incorporation or other charter documents or bylaws of, or any agreement or other instrument binding upon, Borrower or any Guarantor or any of their respective properties, (v) do not and will not result in or require the imposition of any lien or other encumbrance on any of the properties, assets or rights of Borrower or any Guarantor and (vi) do not require the approval or consent of any Person other than those already obtained and delivered to the Agent. 
 (b) Enforceability . This Amendment and any other agreements or instruments executed in connection herewith to which Borrower or any Guarantor is a party are the valid and legally binding obligations of Borrower and Guarantors enforceable in accordance with the respective terms and provisions hereof, except as enforceability is limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws relating to or affecting generally the enforcement of creditors rights and the effect of general principles of equity. 
 (c) Approvals . The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and any other agreements or instruments executed in connection herewith and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not require the approval or consent of, or any filing or registration with, or the giving of any notice to, any court, department, board, governmental agency or authority other than those already obtained, and filings after the date hereof of disclosures with the SEC. 
 (d) Reaffirmation of Representations and Warranties . Each of the representations and warranties made by or on behalf of the Borrower, the Guarantors or any of their respective Subsidiaries contained in the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents or in any document or instrument delivered pursuant to or in connection with the Credit Agreement or this Amendment is true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof, with the same effect as if made at and as of the date hereof, except to the extent of changes resulting from transactions permitted by the Loan Documents (it being understood and agreed that, with respect to any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date, such representation or warranty is reaffirmed hereby only as of such specified date). To the extent that any of the representations and warranties contained in the Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document or in any document or instrument delivered pursuant to or in connection with the Credit Agreement or this Amendment is qualified by Material Adverse Effect or any other materiality qualifier, then the qualifier in all material respects contained in this paragraph shall not apply with respect to any such representations and warranties. 
 8. No Default . By execution hereof, the Borrower and Guarantors certify that the Borrower and Guarantors are, and will be immediately after giving effect to the execution and delivery of this Amendment and the other Loan Documents executed in connection herewith, in compliance with all covenants under the Loan Documents, and that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 3 

9. Waiver of Claims . Borrower and Guarantors acknowledge, represent and agree that none of such Persons has any defenses, setoffs, claims, counterclaims or causes of action of any kind or nature whatsoever arising on or before the date hereof with respect to the Loan Documents, the administration or funding of the Loan or the Letters of Credit or with respect to any acts or omissions of Agent or any Lender, or any past or present officers, agents or employees of Agent or any Lender, and each of such Persons does hereby expressly waive, release and relinquish any and all such defenses, setoffs, claims, counterclaims and causes of action arising on or before the date hereof, if any. 
 10. Ratification . Except as hereinabove set forth, all terms, covenants and provisions of the Credit Agreement remain unaltered and in full force and effect, and the parties hereto do hereby expressly ratify and confirm the Credit Agreement as modified and amended herein. Nothing in this Amendment or any other document delivered in connection herewith shall be deemed or construed to constitute, and there has not otherwise occurred, a novation, cancellation, satisfaction, release, extinguishment or substitution of the indebtedness evidenced by the Notes or the other obligations of Borrower and Guarantors under the Loan Documents. 
 11. Effective Date . This Amendment shall be deemed effective and in full force and effect (the Effective Date upon confirmation by the Agent of the satisfaction of the following conditions 
 (a) the execution and delivery of this Amendment by Borrower, Guarantors, Agent and the Increasing Term Loan Lenders 
 (b) receipt by Agent of evidence that the Borrower shall have paid all fees due and payable with respect to this Amendment 
 (c) receipt by Agent of such other resolutions, certificates, documents, instruments and agreements as the Agent may reasonably request and 
 (d) The Borrower shall have paid the reasonable fees and expenses of Agent in connection with this Amendment. 
 12. Amendment as Loan Document . This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document. 
 13. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts which shall together constitute but one and the same agreement. 
 14. Electronic Signatures . Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by facsimile or as an attachment to an electronic mail message in .pdf, .jpeg, .TIFF or similar electronic format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment for all purposes. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment and any other Loan Document to be signed in connection with this Amendment, the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act provided that nothing herein shall require the Agent to accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent. For the purposes hereof, Electronic Signatures means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted 
 4 

by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. Each of the parties hereto represents and warrants to the other parties hereto that it has the corporate capacity and authority to execute the Amendment through electronic means and there are no restrictions for doing so in that party s constitutive documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower hereby (i) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among any of the Agent or the Lenders and any of the Borrower or Guarantors, electronic images of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (in each case, including with respect to any signature pages thereto) shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, and (ii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of such Loan Document, including with respect to any signature pages thereto. 
 15. MISCELLANEOUS . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL, PURSUANT TO NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW SECTION 5-1401, BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. This Amendment shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors, successors-in-title and assigns as provided in the Credit Agreement. 
 Signatures Begin On Next Page 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto, acting by and through their respective duly authorized officers and or other representatives, have duly executed this Amendment under seal as of the day and year first above written. 
 BORROWER 
 MODIV OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP , a Delaware limited partnership 
 By Modiv Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner 
 
 By s RAYMOND J. PACINI 
 Name Raymond J. Pacini 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

REIT 
 
 MODIV INC. , a Maryland corporation 
 
 By s RAYMOND J. PACINI 
 Name Raymond J. Pacini Title Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Signatures Continue on Following Page 
 
 KeyBank Modiv Signature Page to Second Amendment to Credit Agreement 

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 
 
 RU WAG SANTA MARIA, LLC 
 RU L3 CARLSBAD, LLC 
 RU GAP ROCKLIN, LLC 
 RU DG BIG SPRING, LLC 
 RU ITW SKY PARK, LLC 
 RU DT MORROW GA, LLC 
 RU PRE K SAN ANTONIO, LLC 
 RU GSA VACAVILLE, LLC 
 RU PMI SAN CARLOS, LLC 
 RU DG BAKERSFIELD, LLC 
 MODIV ARROW ARCHBOLD OH LLC 
 MODIV RC 19110 STONE OAK PKWY SAN ANTONIO TX LLC 
 RU FAIRVIEW DRIVE DEKALB IL, LLC 
 RU ELM HILL PIKE NASHVILLE TN, LLC 
 RU 6877-6971 WEST FRYE ROAD CHANDLER AZ, LLC 
 RU 8825 STATESVILLE ROAD CHARLOTTE NC, LLC 
 RU EXP MAITLAND FL, LLC 
 RU NG MELBOURNE FL, LLC 
 RU NG PARCEL MELBOURNE FL, LLC 
 RU DG OHPAME6, LLC 
 RU LEVINS SACRAMENTO, LLC 
 MDV TROPHY CARSON CA LLC 
 MDV LINPRE 8, LLC 
 MDV OF SAINT PAUL MN LLC 
 MDV TRINITY 4, LLC 
 MDV UPSTATE NY, LLC , 
 each a California limited liability company 
 
 By MODIV OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP , a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member 
 
 By MODIV INC. , a Maryland corporation, its general partner 
 
 By s RAYMOND J. PACINI Name Raymond J. Pacini Title Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Signatures Continue on Following Page 

MDV 1031, LLC, 
 an Ohio limited liability company 
 
 By MODIV OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP , a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member 
 
 By MODIV INC. , a Maryland corporation, its general partner 
 
 KeyBank Modiv Signature Page to Second Amendment to Credit Agreement 

By s RAYMOND J. PACINI Name Raymond J. Pacini Title Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Signatures Continue on Following Page 

KeyBank Modiv Signature Page to Second Amendment to Credit Agreement 

AGENT AND LENDERS 
 
 KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , individually as a Lender and as the Agent 
 
 By s THOMAS Z. SCHIMITT 
 Name Thomas Z. Schmitt 
 Title Vice President 
 
 (SEAL) 
 
 TRUIST BANK , as a Lender 
 
 By s RYAN ALMOND 
 Name Ryan Almond 
 Title Director 
 
 (SEAL) 
 
 THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK , as a Lender 
 
 By s ERIN L MAHON 
 Name Erin L. Mahon 
 Title AssistantVice President 
 
 (SEAL) 

FIRST FINANCIAL BANK , as a Lender 
 
 By s JOHN WILGUS 
 Name John Wilgus 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 (SEAL) 

KeyBank Modiv Signature Page to Second Amendment to Credit Agreement 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 modivreit-20221231xex211su.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 The following is a list of active subsidiary corporations of the Registrant. Subsidiaries that are inactive or conduct no business have been omitted Omitted Subsidiaries ). Such Omitted subsidiaries which were considered in the aggregate do not constitute a significant subsidiary. 
 
 Modiv Operating Partnership, LP, a Delaware LP 
 
 modiv, LLC, a Delaware LLC 
 
 modiv TRS, LLC, a Delaware LLC 
 
 Modiv Advisors, LLC, a Delaware LLC 
 
 Modiv Venture Fund, LLC, a Delaware LLC 
 
 RU DG OHPAME6, LLC 
 
 RU NG Melbourne FL, LLC 
 
 RU EXP Maitland FL, LLC 
 
 RU WS Summerlin NV, LLC 
 
 RU Martin Santa Clara CA, LLC 
 
 RU 6877-6971 West Frye Road Chandler AZ, LLC 
 
 RU Fairview Drive DeKalb IL, LLC 
 
 RU Elm Hill Pike Nashville TN, LLC 
 
 RU NG Parcel Melbourne FL, LLC 
 
 RU Statesville Road Charlotte NC, LLC 
 
 RU SE 51st Street Issaquah WA, LLC 
 
 RU South Avenue Yuma AZ, LLC 
 
 RU Levins Sacramento, LLC 
 
 RU DG Bakersfield, LLC 
 
 RU PMI San Carlos, LLC 
 
 RU GSA Vacaville, LLC 
 
 RU Pre K San Antonio, LLC 

RU DT Morrow GA, LLC 
 
 RU WAG Santa Maria, LLC 
 
 RU ITW Sky Park LLC 
 
 RU Gap Rocklin, LLC 
 
 RU DG Big Spring, LLC 
 
 RU Sutter Rancho Cordova, LLC 
 
 RU L3 Carlsbad, LLC 
 
 Modiv RC 19110 Stone Oak Pkwy San Antonio TX, LLC 
 
 Modiv Arrow Archbold OH, LLC 
 
 MDV Trophy Carson CA, LLC 
 
 MDV of St Paul MN, LLC 
 
 MDV LINPRE 8, LLC 
 
 MDV 1031, LLC 
 
 MDV Trinity 4, LLC 
 
 MDV Upstate NY, LLC 
 
 MDV Acquisition, LLC 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 modivreit-2022x1213xexxex2.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-252321) of our report dated March 13, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears in this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s BAKER TILLY US, LLP 

Irvine, California 
 March 13, 2023 
 Baker Tilly US, LLP, trading as Baker Tilly, is a member of the global network of Baker Tilly International Ltd., the members of which are separate and independent legal entities. 2020 Baker Tilly US, LLP 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 modivreit-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Aaron S. Halfacre, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Modiv Inc. (the Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 13, 2023 
 s AARON S. HALFACRE Name Aaron S. Halfacre Title Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 modivreit-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Raymond J. Pacini, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Modiv Inc. (the Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 13, 2023 
 s RAYMOND J. PACINI Name Raymond J. Pacini Title Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 modivreit-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 Each of the undersigned officers of Modiv Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, for purposes of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 (i) the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s AARON S. HALFACRE Name Aaron S. Halfacre Title Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) s RAYMOND J. PACINI Name Raymond J. Pacini Date March 13, 2023 
 Title Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates this certification by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 11
 modivreit-20221231xex991xc.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

Exhibit 99.1 
 Consent of Cushman & Wakefield Western, Inc. 
 
 We hereby consent to the reference to our name and the description of our role in the valuation process of real estate properties owned by Modiv Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company referred to in the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on March 13, 2023 and incorporated by reference in the Company s Registration Statements on Form S-3 (SEC File Nos. 333-252321 and 333-263985). 
 
 In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 March 13, 2023 CUSHMAN & WAKEFIELD WESTERN, INC. By s TREVOR G. CHAPMAN Name Trevor G. Chapman Title Senior Managing Director 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 none-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 none-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 none-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 none-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 none-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

