<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230201_10-K_edgar_data_100790_0000029915-23-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11560233</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>164615</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1652963</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4270984</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2788784</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2475108</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000029915-23-000003.hdr.sgml : 20230201
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230201071510
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000029915-23-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230201
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230201

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNION CARBIDE CORP /NEW/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000100790
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				131421730
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-01463
		FILM NUMBER:		23574711

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1254 ENCLAVE PARKWAY
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77077
		BUSINESS PHONE:		281-966-2727

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1254 ENCLAVE PARKWAY
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77077

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNION CARBIDE CHEMICALS & PLASTICS CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940502

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNION CARBIDE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890806

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNION CARBIDE & CARBON CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710317

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000029915-23-000003.txt : 20230201

10-K
 1
 ucc-20221231.htm
 10-K

ucc-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____________________ to ____________________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization I.R.S. Employer Identification No. 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes R 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes R 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 R No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 R No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

Table of Contents 

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S. C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes R No 
 
 At February 1, 2023, shares of common stock were outstanding, all of which were held by the registrant s parent, The Dow Chemical Company. 
 
 The registrant meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore filing this Form with the reduced disclosure format. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 None 

Table of Contents 

 Union Carbide Corporation 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PAGE PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business. 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 7 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 11 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 11 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 11 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 11 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 12 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 12 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 20 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 21 
 Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 23 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 24 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 25 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 26 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity. 
 27 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 28 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 54 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 54 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 54 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 55 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 55 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 55 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 55 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 55 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 56 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 60 
 SIGNATURES 
 62 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except as otherwise indicated by the context, the terms "Corporation" or "UCC" as used herein mean Union Carbide Corporation and its subsidiaries. 
 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements in this report are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements often address expected future business and financial performance, financial condition, and other matters, and often contain words or phrases such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, may, opportunity, outlook, plan, project, seek, should, strategy, target, will, will be, will continue, will likely result, would and similar expressions, and variations or negatives of these words or phrases. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are based on current assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that are beyond the Corporation s control, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements and speak only as of the date the statements were made. These factors include, but are not limited to: sales of UCC's products; UCC's expenses, future revenues and profitability; the continuing global and regional economic impacts of the coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic and other public health-related risks and events on the Corporation s business; any sanctions, export restrictions, supply chain disruptions or increased economic uncertainty related to the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine; capital requirements and need for and availability of financing; unexpected barriers in the development of technology, including with respect to UCC s contemplated capital and operating projects; significant litigation and environmental matters and related contingencies and unexpected expenses; the success of competing technologies that are or may become available; the ability to protect UCC's intellectual property in the United States and abroad; developments related to contemplated restructuring activities and proposed divestitures or acquisitions such as workforce reduction, manufacturing facility and/or asset closure and related exit and disposal activities, and the benefits and costs associated with each of the foregoing; fluctuations in energy and raw material prices; management of process safety and product stewardship; changes in consumer preferences and demand; changes in laws and regulations, political conditions or industry development; global economic and capital markets conditions, such as inflation, market uncertainty, interest and currency exchange rates, and equity and commodity prices; business or supply disruptions; security threats, such as acts of sabotage, terrorism or war, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine; weather events and natural disasters; disruptions in the Corporation s information technology networks and systems; and, since The Dow Chemical Company ("TDCC"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Dow Inc. (together, with TDCC and its consolidated subsidiaries, "Dow"), is the primary customer of UCC: Dow's ability to realize its commitment to carbon neutrality on the contemplated timeframe; the size of the markets for Dow s products and services and its ability to compete in such markets; Dow's failure to develop and market new products and optimally manage product life cycles; the rate and degree of market acceptance of Dow s products; and changes in relationships with Dow s significant customers and suppliers. 
 
 Where, in any forward-looking statement, an expectation or belief as to future results or events is expressed, such expectation or belief is based on the current plans and expectations of management and expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. A detailed discussion of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled "Risk Factors." These are not the only risks and uncertainties that the Corporation faces. There may be other risks and uncertainties that the Corporation is unable to identify at this time or that it does not currently expect to have a material impact on its business. If any of those risks or uncertainties develops into an actual event, it could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business. The Corporation assumes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by securities and other applicable laws. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 THE CORPORATION 
 Union Carbide Corporation is a chemicals and polymers company that has been a wholly owned subsidiary of The Dow Chemical Company ("TDCC") since 2001. TDCC has been a wholly owned subsidiary of Dow Inc. since 2019. Except as otherwise indicated by the context, the terms "Corporation" or "UCC" as used herein mean Union Carbide Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 TDCC conducts its worldwide operations through global businesses. UCC's business activities comprise components of TDCC's global businesses rather than stand-alone operations. Because there are no separate reportable business segments for UCC and no detailed business information is provided to a chief operating decision maker regarding the Corporation's stand-alone operations, the Corporation's results are reported as a single operating segment. In addition, in order to simplify the customer interface process, the Corporation sells substantially all of its products to TDCC. Products are sold to TDCC at prices determined in accordance with the terms of an agreement between UCC and TDCC. 
 
 Available Information 
 The Corporation's Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8 K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, are available free of charge through the Financial Reports-SEC Filings section of the Corporation's website at www.unioncarbide.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are electronically filed or furnished with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The SEC maintains a website that contains these reports as well as proxy statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. The SEC's website is www.sec.gov . The Corporation's website and its content are not deemed incorporated by reference into this report. 
 
 PRODUCTS 
 The following is a description of the Corporation's principal products: 
 
 Ethylene Oxide/Ethylene Glycol EO/EG - ethylene oxide, a chemical intermediate primarily used in the manufacture of monoethylene glycol MEG ), polyethylene glycol, glycol ethers, ethanolamines, surfactants and other performance chemicals and polymers; di- and triethylene glycol, used in a variety of applications, including boat construction, shoe manufacturing, natural gas-drying and other moisture-removing applications, and plasticizers for safety glasses; and tetraethylene glycol, used predominantly in the production of plasticizers for automotive windows. MEG is used extensively in the production of polyester fiber, resin and film, automotive antifreeze and engine coolants, and aircraft anti-icing and deicing fluids. 
 
 Hydrocarbons - ethylene and propylene; internal feedstocks that are primarily consumed by downstream product lines to optimize integration benefits and drive low costs. 
 
 Industrial Chemicals and Polymers - broad range of products for specialty applications, including animal food supplements, personal care, industrial and household cleaning, coatings for beverage and food cans, industrial coatings and many other industrial uses. Product lines include acrolein and derivatives, ethyleneamines, CARBOWAX and SENTRY Polyethylene Glycols and Methoxypolyethylene Glycols, TERGITOL and TRITON Surfactants, UCAR Deicing Fluids, UCARTHERM Heat Transfer Fluids and UCON Fluids. 
 
 Polyethylene - includes FLEXOMER Polyethylene, very low-density polyethylene resins used as impact modifiers in other polymers and to produce flexible hose and tubing, frozen-food bags and stretch wrap; TUFLIN Linear Low Density and UNIVAL High Density Polyethylene resins used in high-volume applications such as housewares; milk, water, bleach and detergent bottles; trash bags; packaging; and water and gas pipe. 

5 

Table of Contents 

 Solvents and Intermediates - includes oxo aldehydes, acids and alcohols used as chemical intermediates and industrial solvents and in herbicides, plasticizers, paint dryers, jet-turbine lubricants, lube oil additives, and food and feed preservatives; and esters, which serve as solvents in industrial coatings and printing inks and in the manufacturing processes for pharmaceuticals and polymers. 
 
 Technology Licensing and Catalysts - includes catalysts for supply and licensing of the METEOR Process for EO/EG and the LP OXO process for oxo alcohols; and licensing of the METEOR Process for EO/EG and the LP OXO process for oxo alcohols through Dow Technology Investments LLC, a 50:50 joint venture with Dow Global Technologies LLC, a TDCC subsidiary. 
 
 Vinyl Acetate Monomer - a building block for the manufacture of a variety of polymers used in water-based emulsion paints, adhesives, paper coatings, textiles, safety glass and acrylic fibers. 
 
 Wire and Cable Applications - polyolefin-based compounds for high-performance insulation, semiconductives and jacketing systems for power distribution, telecommunications, and flame-retardant wire and cable insulation. Key product lines include: REDI-LINK Polyethylene-Based Wire and Cable Compounds, SI-LINK Polyethylene-Based Low Voltage Insulation Compounds, UNIGARD HP High-Performance Flame-Retardant Compounds, UNIGARD RE Reduced Emissions Flame Retardant Compounds, and UNIPURGE Purging Compounds. 
 
 COMPETITION 
 The chemical industry has been historically competitive and this competitive environment is expected to continue. Large, multinational chemical firms, as well as the chemical divisions of the major national and international oil companies, provide substantial competition both in the United States and abroad. 
 
 PATENTS, LICENSES AND TRADEMARKS 
 The Corporation continually applies for and obtains U.S. and foreign patents that relate to a wide variety of products and processes, has a substantial number of pending patent applications throughout the world and is licensed under a number of patents. At December 31, 2022, the Corporation owned 66 active U.S. patents and 385 active foreign patents related to a wide variety of products and processes. These patents expire as follows: 
 
 Remaining Life of Patents Owned at Dec 31, 2022 United States Rest of World Within 5 years 10 58 6 to 10 years 46 290 11 to 15 years 9 32 16 to 20 years 1 5 Total 66 385 
 
 The Corporation also has a large number of trademarks. Although the Corporation considers that its patents, licenses and trademarks in the aggregate constitute a valuable asset, it does not regard its business as being materially dependent on any single or group of related patents, licenses or trademarks. 
 
 PROTECTION OF THE ENVIRONMENT 
 Matters pertaining to the environment are discussed in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Notes 1 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 OTHER ACTIVITIES 
 Dividends 
 On a quarterly basis, the Corporation's Board of Directors ("Board") reviews and determines if there will be a dividend distribution to its parent company and sole shareholder, TDCC. The Board takes into consideration the level of earnings and cash flows, among other factors, in determining the amount of the dividend distribution. The Corporation declared and paid cash dividends to TDCC of 1,063 million in 2022 and 288 million in 2021. On January 24, 2023, the Board approved a dividend to TDCC of 135 million, payable on or before March 31, 2023. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The factors described below represent the Corporation's principal risks. 
 
 CLIMATE CHANGE - RELATED RISKS 
 Climate Change: Climate change-related risks and uncertainties, legal or regulatory responses to climate change and a failure of TDCC's parent company, Dow Inc., to meet its climate change commitments could negatively impact the Corporation s results of operations and/or financial condition. 
 UCC sells substantially all of its products to TDCC in order to simplify the worldwide customer interface process and, as a result, the Corporation is subject to many of the same global risk factors facing TDCC and its parent company, Dow Inc., including those presented by climate change. The Corporation is subject to increasing climate change-related risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of its control. Climate change may result in more frequent severe weather events, potential changes in precipitation patterns and extreme variability in weather patterns, which can disrupt the operations of the Corporation as well as those of its customers, end-use customers, partners and vendors. 
 
 The transition to lower emissions technology, the effects of carbon pricing and changes in public sentiment, regulations, taxes, mandates or requirements and increases in climate-related lawsuits, insurance premiums and implementation of more robust disaster recovery and business continuity plans could increase costs to maintain or resume the Corporation s operations, which would negatively impact the Corporation s results of operations. 
 
 In 2020, Dow Inc. announced commitments to reduce its net annual carbon emissions by approximately 15 percent compared with its 2020 baseline by 2030 and its intention to be carbon neutral by 2050. Execution and achievement of these commitments within the currently projected costs and expected timeframes may impact the Corporation's operations and are also subject to risks and uncertainties which include, but are not limited to: advancement, availability, development and affordability of technology necessary to achieve these commitments; unforeseen design, operational and technological difficulties; availability of necessary materials and components; adapting products to end-use customer preferences and end-use customer acceptance of sustainable supply chain solutions; changes in public sentiment and political leadership; the ability of Dow Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries to comply with changing regulations, taxes, mandates or requirements related to greenhouse gas emissions or other climate-related matters; and the pace of regional and global recovery from the pandemic caused by coronavirus disease 2019 ("COVID-19"). Given the focus on sustainable investing, if Dow Inc. fails to meet its climate change commitments within the committed timeframe and adopt policies and practices to enhance sustainability, Dow Inc.'s reputation and its customer and other stakeholder relationships could be negatively impacted and it may be more difficult for Dow Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries to compete effectively or gain access to financing on acceptable terms when needed, which would have an adverse effect on the Corporation s results of operations. 
 
 PANDEMIC - RELATED RISKS 
 Public Health Crisis: A public health crisis or global outbreak of disease could have a negative effect on the Corporation's manufacturing operations, supply chain and workforce, creating disruptions that could have a substantial negative impact on the Corporation s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 UCC sells substantially all of its products to TDCC in order to simplify the worldwide customer interface process and, as a result, the Corporation is subject to many of the same global risk factors facing TDCC, including those that may be presented by a public health crisis. A public health crisis, including a pandemic similar in nature to COVID-19, could impact all geographic regions where UCC's products are produced and sold. The global, regional and local spread of a public health crisis could result in, and in the past has resulted in, significant global mitigation measures, including government-directed quarantines, social distancing and shelter-in-place mandates, travel restrictions and/or bans, mask and vaccination mandates, restrictions on large gatherings and restricted access to certain corporate facilities and manufacturing sites. Business disruptions and market volatility resulting from a public health crisis could have a substantial negative impact on the Corporation's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The adverse impact of a pandemic could include, and in the past has included, without limitation, a decrease in demand for certain of the Corporation's products; price declines; reduced profitability; supply chain disruptions impeding the Corporation's ability to ship and/or receive product; temporary idling or permanent closure of select manufacturing facilities and/or manufacturing assets; asset impairment charges; interruptions or limitations to manufacturing operations imposed by local, state or federal governments; reduced market liquidity and increased borrowing costs; workforce absenteeism and distraction; labor shortages; increased cyber security risk and data accessibility disruptions due to remote working arrangements; and workforce reductions. Additional risks may include, but are not limited to: shortages of key raw materials; additional asset impairment charges; increased 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 obligations related to the Corporation s pension and other postretirement benefit plans; and tax valuation allowances and may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this "Risk Factors" section. 
 
 MACROECONOMIC RISKS 
 Global Economic Considerations: The Corporation operates in a global, competitive environment, which gives rise to operating and market risk exposure. 
 The Corporation sells substantially all of its products to TDCC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Dow Inc., which operates in a competitive, global environment, and competes worldwide for sales. Increased levels of competition could result in lower prices or lower sales volume, which could have a negative impact on the Corporation's results of operations. Sales of TDCC's products are also subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations; trade agreements; import and export controls; taxes; and duties and tariffs. The imposition of additional regulations, controls, taxes, and duties and tariffs or changes to bilateral and regional trade agreements could result in lower sales volume, which could negatively impact the Corporation's results of operations. 
 
 Economic conditions around the world, and in certain industries in which the Corporation and TDCC do business, also impact sales price and volume. As a result, market uncertainty or an economic downturn driven by inflationary pressures; political tensions; war, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the related sanctions and export restrictions; terrorism; epidemics; pandemics; or political instability in the geographic regions or industries in which UCC products are sold could reduce demand for these products and result in decreased sales volume, which could have a negative impact on UCC's results of operations. 
 
 In February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine resulting in the United States, Canada, the European Union and other countries imposing economic sanctions on Russia. Dow suspended all purchases of feedstocks and energy from Russia and has significantly reduced its operations and product offerings in the country. Dow has also stopped all investments in and is only supplying limited essential goods to Russia. These actions have not had and are not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation s financial condition or results of operations. However, the fluidity and continuation of the conflict may result in additional economic sanctions and other impacts which could have a negative impact on TDCC s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, which could also negatively impact the Corporation. These include decreased sales; supply chain and logistics disruptions; volatility in foreign exchange rates and interest rates; inflationary pressures on and availability of raw materials and energy, most notably in Europe; and heightened cybersecurity threats. 
 
 Financial Flexibility: Market conditions could reduce TDCC's financial flexibility, which could impact the financial flexibility of the Corporation. 
 Adverse economic conditions could reduce TDCC's flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions or to fund capital expenditures or working capital needs. The economic environment could result in a contraction in the availability of credit in the marketplace and reduce sources of liquidity for TDCC and could result in higher borrowing costs. Since TDCC is a service provider, material debtor, and the major customer of the Corporation, reduced financial flexibility for TDCC could potentially impact the financial flexibility of the Corporation. 
 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits: Increased obligations and expenses related to the Corporation's defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plan could negatively affect UCC's financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Corporation has defined benefit pension plans and an other postretirement benefit plan (the "plans") in the United States. The assets of the Corporation's funded plans are primarily invested in fixed income securities, equity securities of U.S. and foreign issuers and alternative investments, including investments in real estate, private equity and absolute return strategies. Changes in the market value of plan assets, investment returns, discount rates, mortality rates, regulations and the rate of increase in compensation levels and health care cost trends may affect the funded status of the Corporation's plans and could cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost, future funding requirements of the plans and the funded status of the plans. A significant increase in the Corporation's obligations or future funding requirements could have a negative impact on the Corporation's results of operations and cash flows for a particular period and on the Corporation's financial position. 
 
 Supply/Demand Balance: Earnings generated by the Corporation vary based in part on the balance of supply relative to demand within the industry. 
 The balance of supply relative to demand within the industry may be significantly impacted by the addition of new capacity, especially for basic commodities where capacity is generally added in large increments as world-scale 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 facilities are built. This may disrupt industry balances and result in downward pressure on prices due to the increase in supply, which could negatively impact the Corporation's results of operations. 
 
 LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
 Environmental Compliance: The costs of complying with evolving regulatory requirements could negatively impact the Corporation's financial results. Actual or alleged violations of environmental laws or permit requirements could result in restrictions or prohibitions on plant operations, substantial civil or criminal sanctions, as well as the assessment of strict liability and/or joint and several liability. 
 The Corporation is subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations, rules and ordinances relating to pollution, protection of the environment, climate change, greenhouse gas emissions and the generation, storage, handling, transportation, treatment, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and waste materials. At December 31, 2022, the Corporation had accrued obligations of million million at December 31, 2021) for probable environmental remediation and restoration costs, including million million at December 31, 2021) for the remediation of Superfund sites. This is management's best estimate of the costs for remediation and restoration with respect to environmental matters for which the Corporation has accrued liabilities, although it is reasonably possible that the ultimate cost with respect to these particular matters could range up to approximately two times that amount. Costs and capital expenditures relating to environmental, health or safety matters are subject to evolving regulatory requirements and depend on the timing of the promulgation and enforcement of specific standards which impose the requirements. Moreover, changes in environmental regulations could inhibit or interrupt the Corporation's operations, or require modifications to its facilities. Accordingly, environmental, health or safety regulatory matters could result in significant unanticipated costs or liabilities. For additional information, see Part II, Item 7. Other Matters, Environmental Matters in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Litigation: The Corporation is party to a number of claims and lawsuits arising out of the normal course of business with respect to commercial matters, including product liability, governmental tax and regulation disputes, and other actions. 
 The Corporation is involved in a number of legal proceedings and claims with both private and governmental parties. These cover a wide range of matters, including, but not limited to: product liability; trade regulation; governmental tax and regulatory proceedings; health, safety and environmental matters; employment matters; patent infringement; contracts; and commercial litigation. With the exception of the possible effect of the asbestos-related liability described below, it is the opinion of the Corporation's management that the possibility is remote that the aggregate of all such claims and lawsuits will have a material adverse impact on the Corporation's consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The Corporation is and has been involved in a large number of asbestos-related suits filed primarily in state courts during the past four decades. At December 31, 2022, the Corporation's total asbestos-related liability for pending and future claims, including future defense and processing costs, was million million at December 31, 2021). See Notes 1 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on asbestos-related matters. 
 
 Health and Safety: Increased concerns regarding the safe use of chemicals and plastics in commerce and their potential impact on the environment have resulted in more restrictive regulations and could lead to new regulations. 
 Concerns regarding the safe use of chemicals and plastics in commerce and their potential impact on health and the environment reflect a growing trend in societal demands for increasing levels of product safety and environmental protection. These concerns could manifest themselves in stockholder proposals, preferred purchasing, delays or failures in obtaining or retaining regulatory approvals and continued pressure for more stringent regulatory intervention and litigation. These concerns could also influence public perceptions, the viability or continued sales of the Corporation's products, the Corporation's reputation and the cost to comply with regulations. In addition, terrorist attacks and natural disasters have increased concerns about the security and safety of chemical production and distribution. These concerns could have a negative impact on the Corporation's results of operations. 
 
 Local, state, federal and foreign governments continue to propose new regulations related to the security of chemical plant locations and the transportation of hazardous chemicals, which could result in higher operating costs. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Plastic Waste: Increased concerns regarding plastic waste in the environment, consumers selectively reducing their consumption of plastic products, a lack of plastic waste collection and recycling infrastructure, or new or more restrictive regulations and rules related to plastic waste could reduce demand for the Corporation s plastic products and could negatively impact the Corporation s financial results. 
 Local, state, federal and foreign governments have been increasingly proposing regulations to address the global plastic waste challenge, including, but not limited to, extended producer responsibility fees, a Global Plastics Treaty and bans on non-essential items. These regulations on plastic waste drive demand toward plastic solutions that are recyclable, reusable, made with recycled content and/or renewable raw materials. In addition, without proper waste collection and recycling infrastructure at scale, plastics have faced increased public scrutiny due to negative coverage of plastic waste in the environment, including the world s oceans and rivers. Substantially all of the Corporation's sales are to TDCC, which is one of the world s largest producers of plastics. Therefore, increased pressure on the use of plastics, despite positive carbon benefits and essential functions such as food preservation and medical uses, could cause reduced demand for the Corporation s polyethylene products which could negatively impact the Corporation's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 OPERATIONAL RISKS 
 Raw Materials: Availability of purchased feedstocks and energy, and the volatility of these costs, impact the Corporation's operating costs and add variability to earnings. 
 Purchased feedstock and energy costs account for a substantial portion of the Corporation's total production costs and operating expenses. The Corporation purchases hydrocarbon raw materials including ethane, propane, butane and naphtha as feedstocks. The Corporation also purchases certain monomers, primarily ethylene and propylene, to supplement internal production, as well as other raw materials. The Corporation purchases natural gas, primarily to generate electricity, and purchases electric power to supplement internal generation. 
 
 Feedstock and energy costs generally follow price trends in crude oil and natural gas, which are sometimes volatile. Ultimately, the ability to pass on underlying cost increases is dependent on market conditions. Conversely, when feedstock and energy costs decline, selling prices generally decline as well. As a result, volatility in these costs could impact the Corporation's results of operations. 
 
 While the Corporation expects abundant and cost-advantaged supplies of natural gas liquids ("NGLs") in the United States to persist for the foreseeable future, if NGLs become significantly less advantaged than crude oil-based feedstocks, it could have a negative impact on the Corporation's results of operations and future investments. Also, if the Corporation's key suppliers of feedstocks and energy are unable to provide the raw materials required for production, it could have a negative impact on the Corporation's results of operations. 
 
 Operational Event: A significant operational event could negatively impact the Corporation's results of operations. 
 As a diversified chemical manufacturing company, the Corporation's operations, the transportation of products, cyber-attacks, pandemics or severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena (such as freezing, drought, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, etc.) could result in an unplanned event that could be significant in scale and could negatively impact operations, neighbors or the public at large, which could have a negative impact on the Corporation's results of operations. 
 
 Major hurricanes and other weather-related events have caused significant disruption in UCC's operations on the U.S. Gulf Coast, logistics across the region, and the supply of certain raw materials, which had an adverse impact on volume and cost for some of UCC's products. Due to the Corporation's substantial presence on the U.S. Gulf Coast, similar severe weather conditions or other natural phenomena in the future could negatively impact UCC's results of operations. 

10 

Table of Contents 

 Cyber Threat: The risk of loss of the Corporation's trade secrets, know-how or other sensitive business information or disruption of operations could negatively impact the Corporation's financial results. 
 Cyber-attacks or security breaches could compromise confidential, business critical information, cause a disruption in the Corporation's operations or harm the Corporation's reputation. The Corporation has attractive information assets, including trade secrets, know-how and other sensitive, business critical information. While the Corporation has a comprehensive cyber-security program that is continuously reviewed, maintained and upgraded, a significant cyber-attack could result in the loss of critical business information and/or could negatively impact operations, which could have a negative impact on the Corporation's financial results. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The Corporation operates eight manufacturing sites in three countries. The Corporation considers its properties to be in good operating condition and that its machinery and equipment have been well maintained. The following are the major production sites: 
 
 United States : 
 Hahnville (St. Charles), Louisiana; Seadrift and Texas City, Texas. 
 
 All of UCC's plants are owned or leased, subject to certain easements of other persons that, in the opinion of management, do not substantially interfere with the continued use of such properties or materially affect their value. No title examination of the properties has been made for the purpose of this report. 
 
 A summary of property, classified by type, is contained in Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Asbestos-Related Matters 
 The Corporation is and has been involved in a large number of asbestos-related suits filed primarily in state courts during the past four decades. These suits principally allege personal injury resulting from exposure to asbestos-containing products and frequently seek both actual and punitive damages. The alleged claims primarily relate to products that UCC sold in the past, alleged exposure to asbestos-containing products located on UCC's premises, and UCC's responsibility for asbestos suits filed against a former subsidiary, Amchem Products, Inc. 
 
 For additional information, see Asbestos-Related Matters in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Notes 1 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The Corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of TDCC; therefore, there is no public trading market for the Corporation's common stock. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Pursuant to General Instruction I of Form 10-K "Omission of Information by Certain Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries," this section includes only management's narrative analysis of the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, the most recent fiscal year, compared with the year ended December 31, 2021, the fiscal year immediately preceding it. 
 
 References to "TDCC" refer to The Dow Chemical Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, except as otherwise indicated by the context. Union Carbide Corporation (the "Corporation" or "UCC") has been a wholly owned subsidiary of TDCC since 2001. TDCC has been a wholly owned subsidiary of Dow Inc. since 2019. References to "Dow" refer to Dow Inc., together with TDCC and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 TDCC conducts its worldwide operations through global businesses. UCC's business activities comprise components of TDCC s global businesses rather than stand-alone operations. Because there are no separate reportable business segments for UCC and no detailed business information is provided to a chief operating decision maker regarding the Corporation s stand-alone operations, the Corporation s results are reported as a single operating segment. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Net Sales 
 Total net sales for 2022 were 5,449 million, compared with net sales of 5,105 million in 2021, an increase of 7 percent. Net sales to related companies, principally to TDCC, were 5,258 million for 2022, compared with 4,951 million for 2021, an increase of 6 percent. Selling prices to TDCC are determined in accordance with the terms of an agreement between UCC and TDCC. 
 
 Average selling price increased 9 percent in 2022 compared with 2021. Price increased across almost all product lines, driven by tight industry supply and demand dynamics and rising raw material and feedstock costs, with the most significant price increases in ethanolamines, glycol ethers, plastics used for wire and cable applications and ethyleneamines, partially offset by lower polyethylene prices. Volume decreased 2 percent in 2022 compared with 2021, as lower volume in vinyl acetate monomers, due to reduced demand, raw material supply constraints and unplanned maintenance, downtime and process issues due to a utility outage in the first quarter of 2022, and a volume decrease in polyethylene, more than offset volume growth in polyglycols, acrylic monomers, ethanolamines and plastics used for wire and cable applications. 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 Cost of sales in 2022 was 4,586 million, up 3 percent from 4,463 million in 2021. The increase in cost of sales was driven by higher raw material and feedstock costs. Cost of sales in 2022 was also negatively impacted by environmental charges of 37 million in the first quarter of 2022, resulting from updated remediation estimates and scope changes on existing matters. Cost of sales in 2022 was positively impacted by third party insurance recoveries related to covered losses resulting from severe weather events on the U.S. Gulf Coast in 2021, which were facilitated by TDCC through its global insurance program. Cost of sales in 2021 was positively impacted by insurance recoveries from TDCC's insurance affiliate related to covered losses resulting from severe weather events on the U.S. Gulf Coast in 2021. 
 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income for 2022 was 18 million, compared with 2 million in 2021. The increase in interest income primarily resulted from the significant increase in interest rates in 2022. See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the Corporation's cash management activities. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The Corporation reported a tax provision of 172 million in 2022, which resulted in an overall effective tax rate of 22.5 percent. In 2021, the Corporation reported a tax provision of 154 million, which resulted in an overall effective tax rate of 29.1 percent. In 2021, the Corporation recognized additional charges related to state and local jurisdictions and an uncertain tax position related to litigation in a foreign jurisdiction which negatively impacted the effective tax rate. The underlying factors affecting UCC's overall effective tax rates are summarized in Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Net Income Attributable to UCC 
 The Corporation reported net income of 594 million in 2022, compared with net income of 375 million in 2021. Net income for 2021 was negatively impacted by production disruptions, increasing feedstock and energy costs not recovered through selling price increases, and repair and start-up costs due to extreme weather and extended outages caused by Winter Storm Uri in the first quarter of 2021 and Hurricane Ida in the third quarter of 2021. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Capital spending in 2022 was 143 million, compared with 121 million in 2021. Capital spending increased primarily due to ongoing projects to install additional air pollution control and monitoring technology on steam-assisted flares at the Corporation's olefins manufacturing facility in St. Charles, Louisiana. 

OTHER MATTERS 
 Recent Accounting Guidance 
 See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of recent accounting guidance. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP") requires management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Following are the Corporation's accounting policies impacted by judgments, assumptions and estimates. 
 
 Asbestos-Related Matters 
 The Corporation is and has been involved in a large number of asbestos-related suits filed primarily in state courts during the past four decades. These suits principally allege personal injury resulting from exposure to asbestos-containing products and frequently seek both actual and punitive damages. The alleged claims primarily relate to products that UCC sold in the past, alleged exposure to asbestos-containing products located on UCC s premises, and UCC s responsibility for asbestos suits filed against a former UCC subsidiary, Amchem Products, Inc. ("Amchem"). Each year, Ankura Consulting Group, LLC ("Ankura") performs a review for UCC based upon historical asbestos claims and resolution activity and historical defense spending. UCC compares current asbestos claim, resolution and defense spending activity to the results of the most recent Ankura study at each balance sheet date to determine whether the asbestos-related liability for pending and future claims, including future defense and processing costs, continues to be appropriate. 
 
 For additional information, see Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings; Asbestos-Related Matters in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; and Notes 1 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 The Corporation determines the costs of environmental remediation of its facilities and formerly owned facilities based on evaluations of current law and existing technologies. Inherent uncertainties exist in such evaluations primarily due to unknown environmental conditions, changing governmental regulations and legal standards regarding liability, and emerging remediation technologies. The recorded liabilities are adjusted periodically as remediation efforts progress or as additional technical or legal information becomes available. At December 31, 2022, the Corporation had accrued obligations of 183 million for probable environmental remediation and restoration costs, including 36 million for the remediation of Superfund sites. This is management's best estimate of the costs for remediation and restoration with respect to environmental matters for which the Corporation has accrued liabilities, although it is reasonably possible that the ultimate cost with respect to these particular matters 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 could range up to approximately two times that amount. For further discussion, see Environmental Matters in Notes 1 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Pension Plans and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 The amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements related to pension and other postretirement benefits are determined from actuarial valuations. Inherent in these valuations are assumptions including expected return on plan assets, discount rates at which the liabilities could have been settled at December 31, 2022, rate of increase in future compensation levels, mortality rates and health care cost trend rates. These assumptions are updated annually and are disclosed in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, actual results that differ from the assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore, affect expense recognized and obligations recorded in future periods. 
 
 The Corporation uses the spot rate approach to determine the discount rate utilized to measure the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs. Under the spot rate approach, the Corporation calculates service cost and interest cost by applying individual spot rates from the Willis Towers Watson U.S. RATE:Link 60-90 corporate yield curve (based on 60th to 90th percentile high-quality corporate bond yields) to the separate expected cash flow components of service cost and interest cost. 
 
 The Corporation determines the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets by performing a detailed analysis of key economic and market factors driving historical returns for each asset class and formulating a projected return based on factors in the current environment. Factors considered include, but are not limited to, inflation, real economic growth, interest rate yield, interest rate spreads, and other valuation measures and market metrics. The expected long-term rate of return for each asset class is then weighted based on the strategic asset allocation approved by the governing body for each plan. The Corporation's historical experience with the pension fund asset performance is also considered. The expected long-term rate of return is an assumption and not what is expected to be earned in any one particular year. The weighted-average long-term rate of return assumption used for determining net periodic pension expense for 2022 and 2021 was 6.80 percent. This assumption will also be used for determining 2023 net periodic pension expense. Future actual pension expense will depend on future investment performance, changes in future discount rates and various other factors related to the population of participants in the Corporation's pension plans. 
 
 The discount rates utilized to measure the pension and other postretirement benefit obligations are based on the yield on high-quality corporate fixed income investments at the measurement date. Future expected actuarially determined cash flows for the plans are individually discounted at the spot rates under the Willis Towers Watson U.S. RATE:Link 60-90 corporate yield curve (based on 60th to 90th percentile high-quality corporate bond yields) to arrive at the plan s obligations as of the measurement date. The weighted-average discount rate utilized to measure pension obligations was 5.60 percent at December 31, 2022 and 2.94 percent at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The value of the qualified plan assets totaled 2.7 billion at December 31, 2022, a decrease from 3.6 billion at December 31, 2021. The underfunded status of the qualified plan decreased by 140 million at December 31, 2022, compared with December 31, 2021. The Corporation did not make contributions to the qualified plan in 2022. 
 
 The assumption for the long-term rate of increase in compensation levels was 4.25 percent at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Since 2002, the Corporation has used a generational mortality table to determine the duration of its pension and other postretirement obligations. 
 
 The Corporation bases the determination of pension expense on a market-related valuation of plan assets that reduces year-to-year volatility. This market-related valuation recognizes investment gains or losses over a five-year period from the year in which they occur. Investment gains or losses for this purpose represent the difference between the expected return calculated using the market-related value of plan assets and the actual return based on the market value of plan assets. Since the market-related value of plan assets recognizes gains or losses over a five-year period, the future value of plan assets will be impacted when previously deferred gains or losses are recorded. Over the life of the plan, both gains and losses have been recognized and amortized. At December 31, 2022, 507 million of net losses remain to be recognized in the calculation of the market-related value of plan assets. These net losses will result in increases in future pension expense as they are recognized in the market-related value of assets. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 The net decrease in the market-related value of assets due to the recognition of prior losses is presented in the following table: 
 
 Net Decrease in Market-Related Asset Value Due to Recognition of Prior Losses In millions 2023 74 2024 124 2025 153 2026 156 Total 507 
 
 The Corporation expects pension expense to increase in 2023 by approximately 30 million, driven primarily by discount rate increases, resulting in higher interest cost, partially offset by a reduction in the amortization of actuarial losses. 
 
 A 25 basis point adjustment in the long-term return on assets assumption would change the Corporation's total pension expense by 8 million for 2023. A 25 basis point adjustment in the discount rate assumption would change the Corporation's total pension expense by 1 million for 2023. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, applying enacted tax rates expected to be in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Based on the evaluation of available evidence, both positive and negative, the Corporation recognizes future tax benefits, such as net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards, to the extent that realizing these benefits is considered more likely than not. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Corporation had a net deferred tax asset balance of 239 million, after valuation allowances of 15 million. In evaluating the ability to realize the deferred tax assets, the Corporation relies on, in order of increasing subjectivity, taxable income in prior carryback years, the future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, tax planning strategies and forecasted taxable income using historical and projected future operating results. 
 
 The Corporation recognizes the financial statement effects of an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not, based on technical merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination. At December 31, 2022, the Corporation had a liability for uncertain tax positions of 8 million. For additional information, see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 Environmental Policies 
 The Corporation is committed to world-class environmental, health and safety ("EH S") performance, as demonstrated by a long-standing commitment to Responsible Care , as well as a strong commitment to Dow's 2025 Sustainability Goals and Dow's drive to deliver against new targets on climate protection and a circular economy. These goals and targets set the standard for sustainability in the chemical industry by focusing on improvements in UCC's local corporate citizenship and product stewardship, and by actively pursuing methods to reduce the Corporation's environmental impact. 
 
 To help meet Dow s public commitments, as well as the stringent laws and government regulations related to environmental protection and remediation to which its global operations are subject, UCC has well-defined policies, requirements and management systems. Dow's EH S management system ("EMS") defines the "who, what, when and how" needed for the Corporation to implement the policies and requirements and meet performance objectives, leadership expectations and public commitments. To ensure effective utilization, Dow's EMS is integrated into a company-wide management system for EH S, Operations, Quality and Human Resources. 
 
 Dow believes third-party verification and transparent public reporting are cornerstones of world-class EH S performance and building public trust. Numerous Dow sites in Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific and the U.S. Canada, including UCC sites, have received third-party verification of compliance with Responsible Care and with 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 outside specifications such as ISO-14001. Dow continues to be a global champion of Responsible Care and has worked to broaden the application and impact of Responsible Care around the world through engagement with suppliers, customers and joint venture partners. 
 
 Chemical Security 
 Public and political attention continues to be placed on the protection of U.S. critical infrastructure, including the chemical industry, from security threats. Sabotage, terrorism, war, natural disasters and cyber incidents have increased global concerns about the security and safety of chemical production and distribution. UCC continues to improve its security plans, placing emphasis on the safety of UCC communities and people by being prepared to meet risks at any level and to address both internal and external identifiable risks. UCC's security plans are designed to avert interruptions of normal business operations that could have a material impact on the Corporation's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 UCC is a Responsible Care company and adheres to the Responsible Care Security Code, which requires that all aspects of security - including facility, transportation and cyberspace - be assessed and gaps addressed. Through global implementation of the Security Code, including voluntary security enhancements and upgrades, UCC has permanently heightened its level of security - not just in the United States, but worldwide. Further, the Corporation s Distribution Risk Review process addresses potential threats in all modes of transportation across the supply chain. In 2019, Dow Inc. established its Global Security Operations Center ("GSOC") to provide 24-hour/day, 365-day/year real-time monitoring of global risks to Dow Inc. assets and people, which includes UCC assets and people. The GSOC employs state-of-the-art social media monitoring, threat reporting and geo-fencing capabilities to analyze global risks and report those risks, facilitating decision-making and actions to prevent Dow Inc. and UCC crises. 
 
 To reduce vulnerabilities, UCC maintains security measures that meet or exceed regulatory and industry security standards in all areas in which UCC operates. Assessment and improvement costs are not considered material to the Corporation's consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Climate Protection 
 Addressing climate-related risks and opportunities is part of Dow s overall climate strategy, which encompasses UCC's operations. This science-based strategy includes a phased approach to decarbonize while meeting growing demand for Dow's products and contributing to a low-carbon future through continued investment in new products, technologies and processes. In 2020, Dow announced commitments to reduce its net annual Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions by an additional 5 million metric tons by 2030 versus its 2020 baseline, a 15 percent reduction and a 30 percent reduction since 2005 as Dow had reduced its carbon emissions 15 percent between 2005 and 2020. Additionally, Dow announced its intention to be carbon neutral by 2050 (Scope 1+2+3, as defined by the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, plus product benefits). Reflecting Dow's focus to make meaningful progress in the near term, Dow intends to reduce its carbon emissions by approximately 2 million metric tons from 2022 to 2025 while growing underlying earnings. Dow is also committed to advancing water stewardship within its operations and to working collaboratively to enhance water management at the watershed level. As part of this commitment, Dow has set a global target to reduce freshwater intake intensity by 20 percent at its key water-stressed sites by 2025. 
 
 Despite these commitments, climate change-related risks and uncertainties, legal or regulatory responses to climate change, and failure to meet climate change commitments could negatively impact UCC s operations, financial condition and/or reputation. Climate-related risks include both physical and transition risks. 
 
 Physical Risks 
 Climate-related physical risks include more frequent severe weather events, potential changes in precipitation patterns, water scarcity and extreme variability in weather patterns, which can disrupt the operations of Dow and the Corporation, as well as those of its customers, partners and vendors. 
 
 Transition Risks 
 Climate-related transition risks include the availability, development and affordability of lower greenhouse gas emissions technology, the effects of carbon pricing and changes in public sentiment, regulations, taxes, public mandates or requirements. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 The potential impacts of climate-related risks as well as climate-related opportunities are part of Dow s climate strategy and factored into Dow s business and financial planning, which includes UCC's operations. When assessing the magnitude of impact, Dow evaluates elements such as changes to the cost of raw materials, impact on operating cost (e.g., energy costs, costs of complying with regulation), cost of investment in new technology to reduce emissions, impact to the price at which products can be sold, impact of potential lost sales or, in the case of opportunities, improvements in production, increased revenues, cost efficiencies and market share gained. In addition, there could be impacts that need to be considered that cannot be financially quantified (e.g., reputational impact of certain risks and opportunities). 
 
 Advancing a Circular Economy 
 Dow s vision for turning the tide on plastic waste is centered on solving challenges: from designing for recyclability at the beginning of a product s life to increasing Dow's capacity to use plastic waste as feedstock and other alternative feedstock, enabling plastic waste to be blended with virgin plastic as recycled resins, and building and partnering in industrial ecosystems to close the loop. The issue is complex, and through partnerships, Dow is working across the value chain to improve access to collection, recycling, and processing infrastructure and to create new circular business models. As a significant component of Dow's plastics business, UCC is a key participant in Dow's efforts in advancing a circular economy. 
 
 Improving circularity of plastics through recycling and reuse is critical to a world that is also targeting carbon emissions reduction. The lower-carbon benefits of polyethylene-based packaging serve as a key driver and source of value, as well as the lifecycle perspective of plastic versus other available materials. Moving to circular products includes increasing the share of plastics production from circular feedstocks. In 2020, Dow announced "stop the waste" and "close the loop" targets to address plastic waste and, in 2022, Dow committed to accelerating the circular ecosystem by turning waste and alternative feedstock into raw materials that help deliver 3 million metric tons per year of circular and renewable solutions by 2030 with a new "transform the waste" sustainability target. 
 
 Meeting this expanded transform the waste target will require investments in technologies and infrastructure and strategic partnerships. To do this, Dow will expand its efforts to stop the waste by building industrial ecosystems to collect, reuse or recycle waste and expand its portfolio to meet rapidly growing demand. Dow expects the waste required to produce this expanded target to surpass and replace its original 1 million metric ton stop the waste goal. 
 
 Dow is also working directly with its customers, brand owners and the value chain to help customers redesign and create packaging solutions that are both high-performance and recyclable or made with circular polymers. Dow continuously invests in application development, packaging redesign and infrastructure improvements to deliver on its circularity goals. 
 
 As one of the world s largest producers of plastic, Dow wants to put an end to plastic waste. Eliminating plastic waste is about more than just recycling and reusing. It is about creating innovative solutions that are sustainable and continuing to invest in an industrial ecosystem for the circular economy. UCC will continue to work with Dow and its subsidiaries to help provide solutions for this global issue. 
 
 Environmental Remediation 
 UCC accrues the costs of remediation of its facilities and formerly owned facilities based on current law and existing technologies. The nature of such remediation includes, for example, the management of soil and groundwater contamination. The policies adopted to properly reflect the monetary impacts of environmental matters are discussed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. To assess the impact on the consolidated financial statements, environmental experts review currently available facts to evaluate the probability and scope of potential liabilities. Inherent uncertainties exist in such evaluations primarily due to unknown environmental conditions, changing governmental regulations and legal standards regarding liability, and emerging remediation technologies. These liabilities are adjusted periodically as remediation efforts progress or as additional technical or legal information becomes available. The Corporation had an accrued liability of 147 million at December 31, 2022 and 125 million at December 31, 2021, related to the remediation of current or former UCC-owned sites. 

17 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to current and former UCC-owned sites, under the Federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act and equivalent state laws (hereafter referred to collectively as "Superfund Law"), UCC is liable for remediation of other hazardous waste sites where UCC allegedly disposed of, or arranged for the treatment or disposal of, hazardous substances. Because Superfund Law imposes joint and several liability upon each party at a site, UCC has evaluated its potential liability in light of the number of other companies that also have been named potentially responsible parties ("PRPs") at each site, the estimated apportionment of costs among all PRPs, and the financial ability and commitment of each to pay its expected share. Management's estimate of the Corporation's remaining liability for the remediation of Superfund sites was 36 million at December 31, 2022 and 23 million at December 31, 2021, which has been accrued, although the ultimate cost with respect to these sites could exceed that amount. The Corporation has not recorded any third-party recovery related to these sites as a receivable. 
 
 Information regarding environmental sites is provided below: 
 
 Environmental Sites UCC-owned Sites 1 
 Superfund Sites 2 
 2022 2021 2022 2021 Number of sites at Jan 1 26 25 66 66 Sites added during year 1 1 Sites closed during year (5) (1) Number of sites at Dec 31 26 26 61 66 
 1. UCC-owned sites are sites currently or formerly owned by UCC. In the United States, remediation obligations are imposed by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act or analogous state law. 
 2. Superfund sites are sites, including sites not owned by UCC, where remediation obligations are imposed by Superfund Law. 
 
 In total, the Corporation's accrued liability for probable environmental remediation and restoration costs was 183 million at December 31, 2022, compared with 148 million at December 31, 2021. This is management's best estimate of the costs for remediation and restoration with respect to environmental matters for which the Corporation has accrued liabilities, although it is reasonably possible that the ultimate cost with respect to these particular matters could range up to approximately two times that amount. Consequently, it is reasonably possible that environmental remediation and restoration costs in excess of amounts accrued could have a material impact on the Corporation's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. It is the opinion of the Corporation's management, however, that the possibility is remote that costs in excess of the range disclosed will have a material impact on the Corporation's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 The amounts charged to income on a pretax basis related to environmental remediation totaled 72 million in 2022, 47 million in 2021 and 49 million in 2020. The amounts charged to income on a pretax basis related to operating the Corporation's pollution abatement facilities, excluding internal recharges, totaled 119 million in 2022, 101 million in 2021 and 98 million in 2020. Capital expenditures for environmental protection were 38 million in 2022, 8 million in 2021 and 5 million in 2020. The Corporation is in the process of installing additional air pollution control and monitoring technology on its steam-assisted flares at its olefins manufacturing facility in St. Charles, Louisiana. These installations are expected to result in additional capital expenditures of approximately 60 million over the next three years. 
 
 Asbestos-Related Matters 
 The Corporation is and has been involved in a large number of asbestos-related suits filed primarily in state courts during the past four decades. These suits principally allege personal injury resulting from exposure to asbestos-containing products and frequently seek both actual and punitive damages. The alleged claims primarily relate to products that UCC sold in the past, alleged exposure to asbestos-containing products located on UCC's premises, and UCC's responsibility for asbestos suits filed against a former UCC subsidiary, Amchem. In many cases, plaintiffs are unable to demonstrate that they have suffered any compensable loss as a result of such exposure, or that injuries incurred in fact resulted from exposure to UCC's products. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 The table below provides information regarding asbestos-related claims pending against the Corporation and Amchem based on criteria developed by UCC and its external consultants: 
 
 Asbestos-Related Claim Activity 2022 2021 2020 Claims unresolved at Jan 1 8,747 9,126 11,117 Claims filed 4,664 4,233 4,857 Claims settled, dismissed or otherwise resolved (6,538) (4,612) (6,848) Claims unresolved at Dec 31 6,873 8,747 9,126 Claimants with claims against both UCC and Amchem (1,530) (2,139) (2,904) Individual claimants at Dec 31 5,343 6,608 6,222 
 
 Plaintiffs' lawyers often sue numerous defendants in individual lawsuits or on behalf of numerous claimants. As a result, the damages alleged are not expressly identified as to UCC, Amchem or any other particular defendant, even when specific damages are alleged with respect to a specific disease or injury. In fact, there are no personal injury cases in which only the Corporation and/or Amchem are the sole named defendants. For these reasons and based upon the Corporation's litigation and settlement experience, the Corporation does not consider the damages alleged against it and Amchem to be a meaningful factor in its determination of any potential asbestos-related liability. 
 
 For additional information, see Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings and Asbestos-Related Matters in Notes 1 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Debt Covenants and Default Provisions 
 The Corporation's outstanding public debt has been issued under indentures which contain, among other provisions, covenants that the Corporation must comply with while the underlying notes are outstanding. Such covenants are typically based on the Corporation's size and financial position and include, subject to the exceptions and qualifications contained in the indentures, obligations not to (i) allow liens on principal U.S. manufacturing facilities, (ii) enter into sale and lease-back transactions with respect to principal U.S. manufacturing facilities, or (iii) merge into or consolidate with any other entity or sell or convey all or substantially all of its assets. Failure of the Corporation to comply with any of these covenants could, after the passage of any applicable grace period, result in a default under the applicable indenture which would allow the note holders to accelerate the due date of the outstanding principal and accrued interest on the subject notes. Management believes the Corporation was in compliance with the covenants referred to above at December 31, 2022. 

19 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 UCC s business operations give rise to market risk exposure due to changes in foreign exchange rates, interest rates, commodity prices and other market factors such as equity prices. To manage such risks effectively, the Corporation enters into hedging transactions, pursuant to established guidelines and policies that enable it to mitigate the adverse effects of financial market risk. Derivatives used for this purpose are designated as hedges per the accounting guidance related to derivatives and hedging activities, where appropriate. 
 
 The global nature of UCC s business requires active participation in the foreign exchange markets. As a result of investments, production facilities and other operations on a global basis, the Corporation has assets, liabilities and cash flows in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The primary objective of the Corporation s foreign exchange risk management is to optimize the U.S. dollar value of net assets and cash flows. To achieve this objective, the Corporation hedges on a net exposure basis using foreign currency forward contracts, over-the-counter option contracts, cross-currency swaps and nonderivative instruments in foreign currencies. Exposures primarily relate to assets, liabilities and cash flows denominated in foreign currencies. The largest exposures are denominated in the Canadian dollar as well as the currencies of Europe and Asia Pacific. 
 
 The main objective of interest rate risk management is to reduce the total funding cost to the Corporation and to alter the interest rate exposure to the desired risk profile. To achieve this objective, the Corporation hedges using interest rate swaps, swaptions, and exchange-traded instruments. The Corporation s primary exposure is to the U.S. dollar yield curve. 
 
 UCC uses value-at-risk ("VAR"), stress testing and scenario analysis for risk measurement and control purposes. VAR estimates the maximum potential loss in fair market values given a certain move in prices over a certain period of time, using specified confidence levels. The VAR methodology used by the Corporation is a variance/covariance model. This model uses a 97.5 percent confidence level and includes at least one year of historical data. The 2022 and 2021 year-end and average daily VAR for the aggregate of all positions are shown below: 
 
 Total Daily VAR at Dec 31 2022 2021 In millions Year-end Average Year-end Average Interest rate 5 4 3 3 

20 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholder and the Board of Directors of Union Carbide Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Union Carbide Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Corporation") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Corporation's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Corporation is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Asbestos- Refer to Notes 1 and 13 to the Financial Statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Corporation is and has been involved in a large number of asbestos-related suits filed primarily in state courts during the past four decades. The Corporation expects more asbestos-related suits to be filed against the Corporation and its former subsidiary Amchem Products, Inc. in the future, and will aggressively defend or reasonably resolve, as appropriate, both pending and future claims. Since 2003, the Corporation has engaged a third-party actuarial specialist to review the Corporation's historical asbestos-related claim and resolution activity in order to assist management in estimating the Corporation's asbestos-related liability. The Corporation considers quantitative and qualitative factors such as the nature of pending claims, trial experience of the Corporation and 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 other asbestos defendants, current spending for defense and processing costs, significant appellate rulings and legislative developments, trends in the tort system, and their respective effects on expected future resolution costs. 
 
 The Corporation considers the following summarized assumptions and judgments in arriving at the estimated liability: 
 
 The average resolution value calculated by the Corporation to settle each pending and future claim 
 The Corporation s estimation of the number of pending and future claims 
 The curve of how claims will occur over the estimated period through the terminal year 
 The estimated terminal year 2049 (date at which future claims will cease) 
 The acceptance rate applied to estimated future claims (the rate at which claims will be resolved with payment) 
 
 Given the significant judgments made by management to estimate the asbestos liability, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to average resolution value of pending and future claims, estimated number of pending and future claims, curve of how claims will occur, estimated terminal date, and acceptance rate applied to estimated future claims required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our actuarial specialists. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to management s estimate and assumptions of the asbestos liability included the following, among other procedures: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls related to the asbestos liability including management s controls over the determination of average resolution value of pending and future claims, estimated number of pending and future claims, valuation of future claims, curve of how claims will occur, the estimated terminal date and the acceptance rate applied to estimated future claims. 
 We evaluated the methods and assumptions used by management to estimate the asbestos liability by: 
 Testing the underlying data that served as the basis for the actuarial analysis, including historical claims, to test that the inputs to the actuarial estimate were reasonable. 
 Comparing management s prior-year assumptions of expected development and ultimate loss to actuals incurred during the current year to identify potential bias in the determination of the asbestos-related liabilities. 
 With the assistance of our actuarial specialists, we independently developed scenario-adjusted estimates of the asbestos-related liabilities, including loss data and industry claim development factors, and compared our estimates to management s estimates. 
 We read external information included in regulatory filings and news releases to search for contradictory evidence. 

/s/ 
 February 1, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Corporation's auditor since 2001. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 
 (In millions) For the years ended Dec 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net trade sales Net sales to related companies Total net sales Cost of sales Research and development expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses Restructuring and asset related charges - net Sundry income (expense) - net ) ) Interest income Interest expense and amortization of debt discount Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income attributable to Union Carbide Corporation 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 (In millions) For the years ended Dec 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income attributable to Union Carbide Corporation Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Cumulative translation adjustments ) Pension and other postretirement benefit plans ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Union Carbide Corporation 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In millions, except share amounts) At Dec 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable: Trade (net of allowance for doubtful receivables 2022: ; 2021: 
 Related companies Other Income taxes receivable Notes receivable from related companies Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Investments Investments in related companies Other investments Noncurrent receivables Noncurrent receivables from related companies Total investments Property Property Less accumulated depreciation Net property Other Assets Intangible assets (net of accumulated amortization 2022: ; 2021: 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred income tax assets Deferred charges and other assets Total other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Equity Current Liabilities Notes payable to related companies Notes payable - other Long-term debt due within one year Accounts payable: Trade Related companies Other Operating lease liabilities - current Income taxes payable Asbestos-related liabilities - current Accrued and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-Term Debt Other Noncurrent Liabilities Pension and other postretirement benefits - noncurrent Asbestos-related liabilities - noncurrent Operating lease liabilities - noncurrent Other noncurrent obligations Total other noncurrent liabilities Stockholders' Equity Common stock (authorized: shares of par value each; issued: shares) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Union Carbide Corporation's stockholders' equity Total Liabilities and Equity See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 (In millions) For the years ended Dec 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net income attributable to Union Carbide Corporation Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for deferred income tax Net gain on sales of property and investments ) ) ) Restructuring and asset related charges - net Net periodic pension benefit cost (credit) ) Pension contributions ) ) ) Net loss on early extinguishment of debt Other, net Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts and notes receivable ) ) Related company receivables ) ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable ) Related company payables ) Asbestos-related payments ) ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) Cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Change in noncurrent receivable from related company ) Proceeds from sales of property Cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Dividends paid to parent ) ) ) Changes in short-term notes payable ) Payments on long-term debt ) ) ) Transaction financing, debt issuance and other costs ) Cash used for financing activities ) ) ) Summary Decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 
 (In millions) For the years ended Dec 31, 2022 2021 2020 Common Stock Balance at beginning and end of period Additional Paid-in Capital Balance at beginning and end of period Retained Earnings Balance at beginning of period Net income attributable to Union Carbide Corporation Dividends declared ) ) ) Other Balance at end of period Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) Union Carbide Corporation's Stockholder's Equity 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Note Page 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 28 
 2 Recent Accounting Guidance 
 31 
 3 Revenue 
 32 
 4 Divestitures 
 32 
 5 Restructuring and Asset Related Charges - Net 
 33 
 6 Supplementary Information 
 34 
 7 Income Taxes 
 34 
 8 Inventories 
 36 
 9 Property 
 37 
 10 Investments in Related Companies 
 37 
 11 Intangible Assets 
 38 
 12 Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt 
 39 
 13 Commitments and Contingencies 
 40 
 14 Leases 
 42 
 15 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 44 
 16 Pension Plans and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 44 
 17 Fair Value Measurements 
 51 
 18 Related Party Transactions 
 51 
 19 Business and Geographic Regions 
 53 

NOTE 1 - 

28 

Table of Contents 

Significant Accounting Policies 

29 

Table of Contents 

30 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 2 - 
 31 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 3 - 
 years. Amounts are recognized in revenue when the performance obligations for the contract are met. The Corporation has rights to additional consideration when product is delivered to the customer. The balance of contract liabilities was million at December 31, 2022 million at December 31, 2021), of which million million at December 31, 2021) was included in "Accrued and other current liabilities" and million million at December 31, 2021) was included in "Other noncurrent obligations" in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The Corporation disaggregates its revenue from contracts with customers by type of customer (sales to related parties and sales to trade customers) as presented on the consolidated statements of income and believes this disaggregation best depicts the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of its revenue and cash flows. Substantially all of the product sales are made to the Corporation's parent company, TDCC, and there are no unique economic factors that affect revenue recognition and cash flows associated with these product sales. 

NOTE 4 - 
 million, to the Watco affiliate. UCC retained ownership of the sites and underlying real property where the divested operations are located. UCC and the Watco affiliate entered into mutual long-term service agreements designed to ensure the continuation of rail 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 million from TDCC, subject to customary post-closing adjustments, and recognized a pretax gain on the sale of million, included in "Sundry income (expense) - net" in the consolidated statements of income. See Note 18 for more information on the cash management process. 
 
 The Corporation evaluated the divestiture of the rail infrastructure operations and assets and determined it did not represent a strategic shift that had a major effect on the Corporation s operations and financial results and did not qualify as an individually significant component of the Corporation. As a result, the divestiture is not reported as discontinued operations. 
 
 Divestiture of Marine and Terminal Operations and Assets 
 On September 14, 2020, TDCC entered into a definitive agreement to sell certain U.S. Gulf Coast marine and terminal operations and assets, including certain operations and assets located at UCC's site in St. Charles, to an affiliate of Royal Vopak ("Vopak affiliate"), and the transaction closed December 1, 2020. As part of this transaction, UCC sold certain related operations and assets located at its St. Charles site, including existing agreements to provide marine and terminal services to unrelated third parties, with a net book value of million to the Vopak affiliate. UCC retained ownership of the site and the underlying real property where the divested operations are located. UCC and the Vopak affiliate entered into mutual long-term service agreements designed to ensure the continuation of marine and terminal services for UCC's existing St. Charles operations. The marine and terminal service agreements include fixed and variable fees that have initial terms of up to 25 years. Certain of these agreements contain leases, resulting in operating lease ROU assets and lease liabilities of million. As part of the sale, UCC received proceeds of million from TDCC, subject to customary post-closing adjustments, and recognized a pretax gain on the sale of million, included in "Sundry income (expense) - net" in the consolidated statements of income. See Note 14 for additional information related to leases and Note 18 for additional information on the cash management process. 
 
 The Corporation evaluated the divestiture of the marine and terminal operations and assets and determined it did not represent a strategic shift that had a major effect on the Corporation s operations and financial results and did not qualify as an individually significant component of the Corporation. As a result, the divestiture is not reported as discontinued operations. 

NOTE 5 - 
 million, consisting of severance and related benefit costs of million and asset write-downs and write-offs of million. In 2021, the Corporation recorded a pretax restructuring charge of million for additional severance and related benefit costs. The Corporation paid million for severance and related benefit costs in 2021 and million in 2022. 
 
 Cumulative pretax restructuring charges recorded under the 2020 Restructuring Program were million, consisting of severance and related benefit costs of million and asset write-downs and write-offs of million. 
 
 The Corporation expects to incur additional costs in the future related to its restructuring activities. Future costs are expected to include demolition costs related to closed facilities and restructuring plan implementation costs; these costs will be recognized as incurred. The Corporation also expects to incur additional employee-related costs, including involuntary termination benefits, related to its other optimization activities. These costs cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 6 - ) ) Net commission expense - related company 1 
 ) ) ) Non-operating pension and other postretirement benefit plan net credits (costs) 2 
 ) Net gain on sales of property Gain on divestiture of marine and terminal operations and assets 3 
 Gain on divestiture of rail infrastructure operations and assets 3 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 4 
 ) Other - net ) ) ) Total sundry income (expense) - net ) ) 
 1. See Note 18 for additional information. 
 2. See Note 16 for additional information. 
 3. See Note 4 for additional information. 
 4. See Note 12 for additional information. 
 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 Income taxes ) 

NOTE 7 - 
 Foreign ) ) ) Income before income taxes Current tax expense (benefit) Federal ) State and local Foreign Total current tax expense Deferred tax expense (benefit) Federal ) State and local Foreign ) Total deferred tax expense Provision for income taxes Net income 

34 

Table of Contents 

 Unrecognized tax benefits ) ) Federal tax accrual adjustments State and local tax impact Other - net ) ) Effective Tax Rate 1 

Tax loss and credit carryforwards Postretirement benefit obligations Other accruals and reserves Inventory Other - net Subtotal Valuation allowances 1 
 ) ) Total 
 1. Primarily related to the realization of recorded tax benefits on state tax loss carryforwards from operations in the United States. 
 
 Expire after 5 years or indefinite expiration Total operating loss carryforwards Tax credit carryforwards Expire within 5 years Expire after 5 years or indefinite expiration Total tax credit carryforwards Total tax loss and tax credit carryforwards 
 
 Undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries and related companies that are deemed to be permanently invested were at December 31, 2022 million at December 31, 2021). The unrecognized deferred tax liability on those earnings was not material. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Decreases related to positions taken on items from prior years ) Increases related to positions taken on items from prior years Total unrecognized tax benefits at Dec 31 Total unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate Total amount of interest and penalties (benefit) recognized in "Provision for income taxes" ) ) Total accrual for interest and penalties recognized in the consolidated balance sheets 
 
 During 2021, the Corporation recorded an uncertain tax position related to a foreign jurisdiction. 
 
 The Corporation is included in TDCC's consolidated federal income tax group. Current and deferred tax expenses are calculated for the Corporation as a stand-alone group and are allocated to the group from the consolidated totals, consistent with the TDCC-UCC Tax Sharing Agreement. The Corporation is currently under examination in a number of tax jurisdictions, including the U.S. federal and various state jurisdictions. It is reasonably possible that these examinations may be resolved in the next twelve months. The impact on the Corporation s results of operations is not expected to be material. The earliest open tax years are for state income taxes and for federal income taxes in the United States. 
 
 Inherent uncertainties exist in estimates of tax contingencies due to changes in tax law, both legislated and concluded through the various jurisdictions' tax court systems. It is the opinion of the Corporation's management that the possibility is remote that costs in excess of those accrued will have a material impact on the Corporation's consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 8 - 
 Work in process Raw materials Supplies Total Adjustment of inventories to the LIFO basis ) ) Total inventories 
 
 percent o percent of the total inventories at December 31, 2021. 

36 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 9 - 
 - 
 Buildings - 
 Machinery and equipment - 
 Other property - 
 Construction in progress Total property 
 
 Capitalized interest 

NOTE 10 - 
 Dow Quimica Mexicana S.A. de C.V. Total investments in related companies 

37 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 11 - 
 ) ) Software ) ) Total intangible assets ) ) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 

38 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 12 - 
 
 Notes payable - other Total notes payable Year-end average interest rates 
 
 Debentures due 2025 Debentures due 2025 Debentures due 2096 Finance lease obligations 1 
 Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt due within one year ) ) Total long-term debt 
 1. See Note 14 for additional information. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 2020 Activity 
 In 2020, TDCC concluded a cash tender offer that included million aggregate principal amount of certain notes issued by the Corporation. As a result of the tender offer, the Corporation retired million of percent notes due 2023 and million of percent notes due 2025 and recognized a million loss on the early extinguishment of debt, included in "Sundry income (expense) - net" in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Letters of Credit 
 The Corporation utilizes letters of credit to support commitments made in the ordinary course of business. While the terms and amounts of letters of credit change, UCC generally has approximately million of o utstanding letters of credit at any given time. 
 
 Debt Covenants and Default Provisions 

39 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 13 - 
 million for probable environmental remediation and restoration costs million at December 31, 2021), including million for the remediation of Superfund sites million at December 31, 2021). This is management's best estimate of the costs for remediation and restoration with respect to environmental matters for which the Corporation has accrued liabilities, although it is reasonably possible that the ultimate cost with respect to these particular matters could range up to approximately two times that amount. Consequently, it is reasonably possible that environmental remediation and restoration costs in excess of amounts accrued could have a material impact on the Corporation's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. It is the opinion of the Corporation's management, however, that the possibility is remote that costs in excess of the range disclosed will have a material impact on the Corporation's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Inherent uncertainties exist in these estimates primarily due to unknown environmental conditions, changing governmental regulations and legal standards regarding liability, and emerging remediation technologies for handling site remediation and restoration. As new or additional information becomes available and/or certain spending trends become known, management will evaluate such information in determination of the current estimate of the environmental liability. 
 
 Accrual adjustment Payments against reserve ) ) Foreign currency impact ) ) Balance at Dec 31 
 
 The amounts charged to income on a pretax basis related to environmental remediation totaled 72 million in 2022, 47 million in 2021 and 49 million in 2020. Capital expenditures for environmental protection were million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 
 Litigation 
 Asbestos-Related Matters 
 Introduction 
 The Corporation is and has been involved in a large number of asbestos-related suits filed primarily in state courts during the past four decades. These suits principally allege personal injury resulting from exposure to asbestos-containing products and frequently seek both actual and punitive damages. The alleged claims primarily relate to products that UCC sold in the past, alleged exposure to asbestos-containing products located on UCC s premises and UCC s responsibility for asbestos suits filed against a former UCC subsidiary, Amchem Products, Inc. ("Amchem"). In many cases, plaintiffs are unable to demonstrate that they have suffered any compensable loss as a result of such exposure, or that injuries incurred in fact resulted from exposure to the Corporation s products. The Corporation expects more asbestos-related suits to be filed against UCC and Amchem in the future, and will aggressively defend or reasonably resolve, as appropriate, both pending and future claims. 

40 

Table of Contents 

 million and approximately percent of the recorded liability related to pending claims and approximately percent related to future claims. 
 
 In December 2022, Ankura completed a study of the Corporation's historical asbestos claim and resolution activity through September 30, 2022, including asbestos-related defense and processing costs, and provided estimates for the undiscounted cost of disposing of pending and future claims against UCC and Amchem through the terminal year of 2049. Based on the study and the Corporation's internal review process, it was determined that no adjustment to the accrual was required. At December 31, 2022, the asbestos-related liability for pending and future claims against UCC and Amchem, including future asbestos-related defense and processing costs, was million, and approximately percent of the recorded liability related to pending claims and approximately percent related to future claims. 
 
 Summary 
 The Corporation's management believes the amounts recorded for the asbestos-related liability, including defense and processing costs, reflect reasonable and probable estimates of the liability based on current, known facts. However, future events, such as the number of new claims to be filed and/or received each year, the average cost of defending and disposing of each such claim, as well as the numerous uncertainties surrounding asbestos litigation in the United States over a significant period of time, could cause the actual costs for the Corporation to be higher or lower than those projected or those recorded. Any such event could result in an increase or decrease in the recorded liability. 
 
 Because of the uncertainties described above, the Corporation cannot estimate the full range of the cost of resolving pending and future asbestos-related claims facing UCC and Amchem. As a result, it is reasonably possible that an additional cost of disposing of asbestos-related claims, including future defense and processing costs, could have a material impact on the Corporation's results of operations and cash flows for a particular period and on the consolidated financial position. 

41 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 14 - 
 years. The Corporation's lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants. 
 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Amortization of right-of-use assets - finance Total lease cost 
 
 Financing cash flows for finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Finance lease assets Property Finance lease amortization Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total lease assets Liabilities Current Operating Operating lease liabilities - current Finance Long-term debt due within one year Noncurrent Operating Operating lease liabilities - noncurrent Finance Long-Term Debt Total lease liabilities 
 
 years years Finance leases years years Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total future undiscounted lease payments Less: Imputed interest Total present value of lease liabilities 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Corporation had additional leases for assets that have not yet commenced. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 15 -) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on foreign currency translation (Gains) losses reclassified from AOCL to net income 1 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Ending balance ) ) ) Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Beginning balance ) ) ) Gains (losses) arising during the period ) Tax (expense) benefit ) ) Net gains (losses) arising during the period ) Amortization of net loss and prior service credit reclassified from AOCL to net income 2 
 Tax expense (benefit) 3 
 ) ) ) Net loss and prior service credit reclassified from AOCL to net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Ending balance ) ) ) Total AOCL ending balance ) ) ) 
 1. Reclassified to "Sundry income (expense) - net." 
 2. These AOCL components are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost of the Corporation's defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. See Note 16 for additional information. 
 3. Reclassified to "Provision for income taxes." 

NOTE 16 - 
 million, reflected in other comprehensive income and inclusive of a million reduction in the projected benefit obligation resulting from the plan amendments, and a pretax curtailment gain of million, recognized in the first quarter of 2021. 
 
 The Corporation's funding policy is to contribute to the plan when pension laws or economics either require or encourage funding. In 2022, UCC contributed million to its pension plans, including contributions to fund benefit payments for its non-qualified supplemental plan. UCC expects to contribute approximately million to its pension plans in 2023. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Interest crediting rate for applicable benefits Rate of compensation increase Expected return on plan assets 
 
 Other Postretirement Benefit Plans 
 The Corporation provides certain health care and life insurance benefits to retired U.S. employees and survivors. The plan provides health care benefits, including hospital, physicians' services, drug and major medical expense coverage and life insurance benefits. The Corporation and the retiree share the cost of these benefits, with the Corporation portion increasing as the retiree has increased years of credited service, although there is a cap on the Corporation portion. The Corporation has the ability to change these benefits at any time. Employees hired after January 1, 2008, are not covered under this plan. 
 
 The Corporation funds most of the cost of these health care and life insurance benefits as incurred. In 2022, UCC did not make any contributions to its other postretirement benefit plan trust. Likewise, UCC does not expect to contribute assets to its other postretirement benefit plan trust in 2023. 
 
 Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate health care cost trend rate) Year that the rate reaches the ultimate health care cost trend rate 
 
 Assumptions 
 The Corporation determines the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets by performing a detailed analysis of key economic and market factors driving historical returns for each asset class and formulating a projected return based on factors in the current environment. Factors considered include, but are not limited to, inflation, real economic growth, interest rate yield, interest rate spreads, and other valuation measures and market metrics. The expected long-term rate of return for each asset class is then weighted based on the strategic asset allocation approved by the governing body for each plan. The Corporation's historical experience with the pension fund asset performance is also considered. 
 
 The Corporation uses the spot rate approach to determine the discount rate utilized to measure the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs. Under the spot rate approach, the Corporation calculates service cost and interest cost by applying individual spot rates from the Willis Towers Watson U.S. RATE:Link 60-90 corporate yield curve (based on 60th to 90th percentile high-quality corporate bond yields) to the separate expected cash flow components of service cost and interest cost. 
 
 The discount rates utilized to measure the pension and other postretirement obligations of the plans were based on the yield on high-quality corporate fixed income investments at the measurement date. Future expected actuarially determined cash flows for the plans are individually discounted at the spot rates under the Willis Towers Watson U.S. RATE:Link 60-90 corporate yield curve (based on 60th to 90th percentile high-quality corporate bond yields) to arrive at the plan s obligations as of the measurement date. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial changes in assumptions and experience ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Curtailments/other 1 
 ) ) Benefit obligations at end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Asset transfers ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Other 2 
 ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status at end of year ) ) ) ) 
 
 Net amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets at Dec 31: Accrued and other current liabilities ) ) ) ) Pension and other postretirement benefits - noncurrent ) ) ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) ) ) Pretax amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss at Dec 31: Net loss (gain) ) ) Prior service credit ) Pretax balance in accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of year ) ) 
 1. The 2022 impact primarily relates to the transfer of benefit obligations through the purchase of an annuity contract from an insurance company. The 2021 impact primarily relates to the freeze of pensionable compensation and credited service amounts for employees that participate in the UCC Plans. 
 2. The 2022 impact relates to the purchase of an annuity contract associated with the transfer of benefit obligations to an insurance company. 
 
 A significant component of the overall decrease in the Corporation's benefit obligation for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to the change in weighted-average discount rates, which increased from percent at December 31, 2021 to percent at December 31, 2022. A significant component of the overall decrease in the Corporation's benefit obligation for the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to the change in weighted-average discount rates, which increased from percent at December 31, 2020 to percent at December 31, 2021. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) Amortization of net (gain) loss ) ) ) Curtailment gain 1 
 ) Net periodic benefit cost (credit) ) ) Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss: Net (gain) loss ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit Amortization of net gain (loss) ) ) ) Curtailment gain 1 
 Total recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss ) ) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive (income) loss ) ) ) ) 
 1. The 2021 impact relates primarily to the freeze of pensionable compensation and credited service amounts for employees that participate in the UCC Plans. 
 
 Net periodic benefit cost (credit), other than the service cost component, is included in "Sundry income (expense) - net" in the consolidated statements of income. See Note 6 for additional information. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 through 2032 Total 
 
 Plan Assets 
 Plan assets consist primarily of equity and fixed income securities of U.S. and foreign issuers, and include alternative investments, such as real estate, private equity and other absolute return strategies. Plan assets totaled billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021 and included no directly held common stock of Dow Inc. 
 
 The Corporation's investment strategy for plan assets is to manage the assets in relation to the liability in order to pay retirement benefits to plan participants over the life of the plans. This is accomplished by identifying and managing the exposure to various market risks, diversifying investments across various asset classes and earning an acceptable long-term rate of return consistent with an acceptable amount of risk, while considering the liquidity needs of the plan. 
 
 The plan is permitted to use derivative instruments for investment purposes, as well as for hedging the underlying asset and liability exposures and rebalancing the asset allocation. The plan uses value-at-risk, stress testing, scenario analysis and Monte Carlo simulation to monitor and manage both the risk within the portfolios and the surplus risk of the plan. 
 
 Equity securities primarily include investments in large- and small-cap companies located in both developed and emerging markets around the world. Fixed income securities are primarily U.S. dollar based and include U.S. treasuries and investment grade corporate bonds of companies diversified across industries. Alternative investments primarily include investments in real estate, private equity and absolute return strategies. Other significant investment types include various insurance contracts and interest rate, equity, commodity and foreign exchange derivative investments and hedges. 
 
 The Corporation mitigates the credit risk of investments by establishing guidelines with investment managers that limit investment in any single issue or issuer to an amount that is not material to the portfolio being managed. These guidelines are monitored for compliance both by the Corporation and the external managers. Credit risk related to derivative activity is mitigated by utilizing multiple counterparties, collateral support agreements, and centralized clearing where appropriate. A short-term investment money market fund is utilized as the sweep vehicle for the pension plan, which from time to time can represent a significant investment. 
 
 Fixed income securities Alternative investments Other Total 
 48 

Table of Contents 

49 

Table of Contents 

 Equity securities: U.S. equity securities Non - U.S. equity securities Total equity securities Fixed income securities: Debt - government-issued Debt - corporate-issued Debt - asset-backed Total fixed income securities Alternative investments: Private markets Derivatives - asset position Derivatives - liability position ) ) ) ) Total alternative investments ) ) Other investments Subtotal Investments measured at net asset value: Hedge funds Private markets Real estate Total investments measured at net asset value Items to reconcile to fair value of plan assets: Pension trust receivables 1 
 Pension trust payables 2 
 ) ) Total 
 1. Primarily receivables for investment securities sold. 
 2. Primarily payables for investment securities purchased. 
 
 Actual return on plan assets: Relating to assets held at Dec 31, 2021 ) ) Balance at Dec 31, 2021 Actual return on plan assets: Relating to assets held at Dec 31, 2022 ) ) ) Purchases, sales and settlements Balance at Dec 31, 2022 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 
 percent of their eligible compensation. In addition, beginning on January 1, 2024, all eligible U.S. employees will receive an automatic non-elective contribution of percent of eligible compensation to their respective defined contribution plans. 

NOTE 17 - 
 Long-term debt including debt due within one year ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 1. Money market fund is included in "Cash and cash equivalents" in the consolidated balance sheets and held at amortized cost, which approximates fair value. 
 
 Cost approximates fair value for all other financial instruments. 

NOTE 18 - 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 percent service fee. 
 
 Cost of sales Commission expense Sundry income (expense) - net TDCC: General administrative and overhead type services and service fee 2 
 Sundry income (expense) - net Activity-based costs Cost of sales 
 1. Period-end balances on hand are included in inventory. The increase in purchase costs from 2020 was primarily due to higher feedstock and energy costs. 
 2. The increase in services and fees from 2020 resulted from TDCC's periodic review of the actual cost of services provided to UCC in accordance with related agreements. 
 
 Management believes the method used for determining expenses charged by TDCC is reasonable. TDCC provides these services by leveraging its centralized functional service centers to provide services at a cost that management believes provides an advantage to the Corporation. 
 
 The monitoring and execution of risk management policies related to interest rate and foreign currency risks, which are based on TDCC s risk management philosophy, are provided as a service to UCC. 
 
 The Corporation incurred asset losses and other costs and experienced lost sales and margins due to severe weather events that impacted the U.S. Gulf Coast in 2021. These costs and losses are covered, in part, by an insurance program purchased by TDCC from its insurance affiliate. In December 2021, the Corporation recorded an insurance recovery of million from TDCC for the Corporation s share of covered losses and incurred costs, included in "Cost of sales" in the consolidated statements of income and included in Accounts receivable - Related companies in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2021. Proceeds from this insurance recovery were received in 2022. 
 
 Tax Sharing Agreement 
 In accordance with the Tax Sharing Agreement between the Corporation and TDCC, the Corporation makes payments to TDCC to cover the Corporation's estimated federal tax liability; payments were million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 
 Cash Management 
 As part of TDCC s cash management process, UCC is a party to revolving loans with TDCC that mature December 30, 2023 and have interest rates based on alternative reference rates, effective January 1, 2022, and based on LIBOR (London Interbank Offered Rate) in prior periods. At December 31, 2022, the Corporation had a note receivable of million million at December 31, 2021) from TDCC under a revolving loan agreement. The Corporation may draw from this note receivable in support of its daily working capital requirements and, as such, the net effect of cash inflows and outflows under this revolving loan agreement is presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows as an operating activity. 
 
 The Corporation also has a separate revolving credit agreement with TDCC that allows the Corporation to borrow or obtain credit enhancements up to an aggregate of billion. TDCC may demand repayment with a 30-day written notice to the Corporation, subject to certain restrictions. A related collateral agreement provides for the replacement of certain existing pledged assets, primarily equity interests in various subsidiaries and joint ventures, with cash collateral. At December 31, 2022, million was available under the revolving credit agreement million at December 31, 2021). The cash collateral was reported as "Noncurrent receivables from related companies" in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 19 - 
 Long-lived assets 2021 Sales to external customers 1 
 Long-lived assets 2020 Sales to external customers 1 
 Long-lived assets 
 1. Of total sales to external customers, sales in Malaysia were approximately percent in 2022, percent in 2021 and percent in 2020, and are included in Asia Pacific. 

53 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by the Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Corporation carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Corporation's Disclosure Committee and the Corporation's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Corporation's disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 15d - 15(b). Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Corporation's disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that was conducted during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected or were reasonably likely to materially affect the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Corporation's internal control framework and processes are designed to provide reasonable assurance to management and the Board of Directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Corporation's consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 The Corporation's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records, that in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Corporation; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Corporation are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and Directors of the Corporation; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Corporation's assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, any system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting and concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, such internal control is effective. In making the assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control--Integrated Framework (2013). 
 The Corporation's internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by the Corporation's independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Corporation to provide only management's report. Therefore, this annual report does not include an attestation report regarding internal controls over financial reporting from Deloitte Touche LLP. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I of Form 10-K. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The Dow Inc. Audit Committee pre-approved all auditing services and permitted non-audit services for 2022 (including the fees and terms thereof) to be performed for Dow Inc. and its subsidiaries (including the Corporation) by its independent auditor, subject to the de minimus exception for non-audit services described in Section 10A(i)(1)(B) of the Securities Exchange Act, any such exceptions are approved by the Dow Inc. Audit Committee prior to the completion of the audit. The Corporation's management and its Board of Directors subscribe to these policies and procedures. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, professional services were performed for the Corporation by Deloitte Touche LLP, the member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, and their respective affiliates (collectively, the "Deloitte Entities"). 
 
 Total fees paid to the Deloitte Entities were 1.5 million in 2022 and 2021. These are the aggregate of fees billed for the audit of the Corporation's annual financial statements, the reviews of the financial statements in the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, statutory audits and other regulatory filings. 

55 

Table of Contents 

 Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 
 1. The Corporation's 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: are included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules are omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they are required or because the information called for is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto. 
 
 The following exhibits are filed with or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of August 3, 1999 among Union Carbide Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and Transition Sub Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 of the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 3, 1999. 
 2.2 Agreement for the Sale Purchase of Shares, dated as of August 17, 2009, among Union Carbide Corporation, UCMG L.L.C. and Petroliam Nasional Berhad, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 30, 2009. 
 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Union Carbide Corporation under Section 807 of the Business Corporation Law, as filed on May 13, 2008, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.4 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008. 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Union Carbide Corporation, amended as of April 22, 2004, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2004. 
 4.1 Indenture dated June 1, 1995, between the Corporation and the Chase Manhattan Bank (formerly Chemical Bank), as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1.2 to the Corporation's Registration Statement on Form S-3, File No. 33-660705, filed with the SEC on October 13, 1995. 
 4.2 The Corporation will furnish to the Commission upon request any other debt instrument referred to in Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K. 10.1 Amended and Restated Service Agreement, effective as of July 1, 2002, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2002. 
 10.1.1 Service Addendum No. 2 to the Service Agreement, effective as of August 1, 2001, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23.2 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2002. 
 10.1.2 Restated Service Addendum No. 1 to the Service Agreement, effective as of February 6, 2001, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23.3 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002. 
 10.1.3 Service Addendum No. 3 to the Amended and Restated Service Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2005, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.3 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004. 
 10.1.4 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Service Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2011, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.4 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 10.1.5 Service Addendum No. 4 to the Amended and Restated Service Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2019, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.5 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 10.2 Second Amended and Restated Sales Promotion Agreement, effective January 1, 2004, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003. 
 10.2.1 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Sales Promotion Agreement, effective as of March 22, 2013, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.1 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013. 
 10.2.2 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Sales Promotion Agreement, effective as of July 1, 2014, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.2 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014. 
 10.3 Third Amended and Restated Agreement (to Provide Materials and Services), dated as of March 1, 2008, between the Corporation and Dow Hydrocarbons and Resources LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008. 
 10.4 Amended and Restated Tax Sharing Agreement, effective as of February 7, 2001, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2003. 
 10.5 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of May 28, 2004, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2004. 
 10.5.1 First Amendment dated October 29, 2004 to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2004, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.1 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004. 
 10.5.2 Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of December 30, 2004, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.2 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004. 
 10.5.3 Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2005, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.3 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005. 
 10.5.4 Fourth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2006, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.4 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006. 
 10.5.5 Fifth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2007, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.5 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007. 
 10.5.6 Sixth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of September 30, 2008, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.6 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008. 
 10.5.7 Seventh Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of September 30, 2009, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.7 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009. 
 10.5.8 Eighth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of September 30, 2010, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.8 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2010. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 10.5.9 Ninth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of September 30, 2011, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.9 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011. 
 10.5.10 Tenth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of December 6, 2012, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.10 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. 
 10.5.11 Eleventh Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of December 16, 2013, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.11 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. 
 10.5.12 Twelfth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of December 17, 2014, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.12 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. 
 10.5.13 Thirteenth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of December 16, 2015, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.13 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 10.5.14 Fourteenth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of December 12, 2016, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.14 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
 10.5.15 Fifteenth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of December 30, 2017, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.15 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 
 10.5.16 Sixteenth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of December 30, 2018, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.16 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 10.5.17 Seventeenth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of December 30, 2019, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.17 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. 
 10.5.18 Eighteenth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of December 30, 2020, among the Corporation, The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.18 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 10.5.19 Nineteenth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of December 30, 2021, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company and certain Subsidiary Guarantors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.19 of the Corporation 's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 10.5.20 Twentieth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated March 31, 2022, effective as of January 1, 2022, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5.20 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. 
 10.5.21 Twenty-First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of December 30, 2022, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company . 
 10.6 Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of May 28, 2004, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2004. 
 10.7 Second Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement, effective as of November 1, 2005, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 10.7.1 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement, effective as of December 31, 2007, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.1 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007. 
 10.7.2 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement, effective as of August 1, 2009, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.2 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009. 
 10.7.3 Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement, effective as of February 1, 2010, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.3 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2010. 
 10.7.4 Fourth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement, effective as of August 1, 2010, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.4 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2010. 
 10.7.5 Fifth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement, effective as of August 1, 2011, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.5 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011. 
 10.7.6 Sixth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement, effective as of April 1, 2012, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.6 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012. 
 10.7.7 Seventh Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement, effective as of August 1, 2013, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.7 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013. 
 10.7.8 Eighth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement, effective as of April 26, 2017, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.8 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 10.7.9 Ninth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement, dated March 31, 2022, effective as of January 1, 2022, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.9 of the Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. 
 10.7.10 Tenth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement, effective as of December 30, 2022, between the Corporation and The Dow Chemical Company, 
 10.9 Contribution Agreement dated as of December 21, 2007, among the Corporation, Dow International Holdings Company and The Dow Chemical Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007. 
 21 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I of Form 10-K. 23 Ankura Consulting Group, LLC's Consent. 
 31.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS The Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File. The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 Filed herewith 
 
 The Corporation will provide a copy of any exhibit upon receipt of a written request for the particular exhibit or exhibits desired. All requests should be addressed to the Corporation's principal executive offices. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries Trademark Listing 
 
 The following trademarks of The Dow Chemical Company or an affiliated company of Dow appear in this report: 
 CARBOWAX, FLEXOMER, LP OXO, METEOR, REDI-LINK, SENTRY, SI-LINK, TERGITOL, TRITON, TUFLIN, UCAR, UCARTHERM, UCON, UNIGARD, UNIPURGE, UNIVAL 
 
 The following registered service mark of The American Chemistry Council in the United States appears in this report: Responsible Care 

Trademark of The Dow Chemical Company ("TDCC") or an affiliated company, except as otherwise specified. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 1, 2023. 

UNION CARBIDE CORPORATION /s/ RONALD C. EDMONDS Ronald C. Edmonds, Controller and Vice President of Controllers and Tax The Dow Chemical Company (Authorized Representative of Union Carbide Corporation) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below on February 1, 2023, by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated: 

/s/ RONALD C. EDMONDS /s/ IGNACIO MOLINA Ronald C. Edmonds, Controller and Vice President of Controllers and Tax The Dow Chemical Company (Authorized Representative of Union Carbide Corporation) Ignacio Molina, Director, Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ MARSHALL A. HEINBERG /s/ FERNANDO SIGNORINI Marshall A. Heinberg, Director Fernando Signorini, Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Supplemental Information to be Furnished With Reports Filed Pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act by Registrants Which Have Not Registered Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Act 
 The Corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Dow Chemical Company ("TDCC"). TDCC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Dow Inc. As such, the Corporation does not send an annual report to security holders or proxy material with respect to any annual or other meeting of security holders to TDCC, Dow Inc. or any other security holders. 

63 

<EX-10.5 21>
 2
 ucc2022-10kxex10521.htm
 TWENTY-FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT

Document 

Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries EXHIBIT 10.5.21 
 
 TWENTY-FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT 

This Twenty-First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement (this Amendment is made effective as of December 30, 2022, and is entered into among Union Carbide Corporation, as Borrower Borrower and The Dow Chemical Company, as Lender Lender (together, the Parties ). 
 
 BACKGROUND 
 
 The Parties have entered into the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of May 28, 2004, as amended (the Credit Agreement ). 
 
 The Parties desire to amend the Credit Agreement according to the terms in this Amendment. Any capitalized terms used in this Amendment, but not otherwise defined in this Amendment, are as defined in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 THE AGREEMENT 
 
 1. Amendment to Section 1.1 . The Parties agree to amend Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement by Replacing the definition of Scheduled Termination Date with the following definition 
 
 Scheduled Termination Date means December 30, 2023. 
 
 2. No Other Amendment or Waiver . Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and all other Loan Documents remain in full force and effect in accordance with their terms, and the Parties ratify and confirm the Credit Agreement and all other Loan Documents in all respects. 
 
 3. Execution in Counterparts . This amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed will be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together will constitute one and the same agreement. Signature pages may be detached from multiple separate counterparts and attached to a single counterpart so that all signature pages are attached to the same document. 
 
 4. Governing Law . This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the Parties to this Amendment will be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 

Signature Page Follows 

64 

Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries EXHIBIT 10.5.21 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their authorized representatives. 

LENDER BORROWER THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY UNION CARBIDE CORPORATION By s MICHAEL NASH By s IGNACIO MOLINA Michael Nash Ignacio Molina Global Treasury Director, Financial Planning, Operations and Systems Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer 

Signature Page 
 Twenty-First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement 
 65 

</EX-10.5 21>

<EX-10.7 10>
 3
 ucc2022-10kxex10710.htm
 TENTH AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING LOAN AGREEMENT

Document 

Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries EXHIBIT 10.7.10 
 
 TENTH AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING LOAN AGREEMENT 

This Tenth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement (the Amendment ), effective as of December 30, 2022, is entered into by and between Union Carbide Corporation, a New York corporation (the Lender and The Dow Chemical Company, a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Lender and the Borrower are parties to the Second Amended and Restated Revolving Loan Agreement dated as of November 1, 2005, as amended (the Loan Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS, the Lender and the Borrower wish to extend the Maturity Date, as defined in the Loan Agreement and as contemplated herein 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in view of the following terms and conditions and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows 
 
 1. Section 1.12 definition of Maturity Date in the Loan Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following Section 1.12 definition of Maturity Date 
 
 Maturity Date means December 30, 2023. 
 
 2. No Other Amendment or Waiver . Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, the Loan Agreement remains in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 
 
 3. Execution in Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed will be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together will constitute one and the same agreement. Signature pages may be detached from multiple separate counterparts and attached to a single counterpart so that all signature pages are attached to the same document. 
 
 4. Governing Law . This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the parties to this Amendment will be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 

Signature Page Follows 

66 

Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries EXHIBIT 10.7.10 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their authorized representatives. 

LENDER BORROWER THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY UNION CARBIDE CORPORATION By s MICHAEL NASH By s IGNACIO MOLINA Michael Nash Ignacio Molina Global Treasury Director, Financial Planning, Operations and Systems Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer 

Signature Page 
 Tenth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement 
 67 

</EX-10.7 10>

<EX-23>
 4
 ucc2022-10kxex23.htm
 ANKURA CONSULTING GROUP, LLC

Document 

Ankura Consulting Group, LLC's Consent EXHIBIT 23 
 
 Union Carbide Corporation 
 
 Ankura Consulting Group, LLC Ankura ), hereby consents to the use of Ankura's name and the reference to Ankura's reports appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Union Carbide Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s AMY BROCKMAN Amy Brockman Senior Managing Director Ankura Consulting Group, LLC February 1, 2023 
 
 68 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ucc2022-10kxex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Document 

Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Fernando Signorini, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Union Carbide Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

s FERNANDO SIGNORINI Fernando Signorini President and Chief Executive Officer February 1, 2023 
 69 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ucc2022-10kxex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Document 

Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Ignacio Molina, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Union Carbide Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

s IGNACIO MOLINA Ignacio Molina Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer February 1, 2023 
 70 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ucc2022-10kxex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Document 

Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Fernando Signorini, President and Chief Executive Officer of Union Carbide Corporation (the Corporation ), certify that 
 
 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 

s FERNANDO SIGNORINI Fernando Signorini President and Chief Executive Officer February 1, 2023 

71 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ucc2022-10kxex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Document 

Union Carbide Corporation and Subsidiaries EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Ignacio Molina, Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of Union Carbide Corporation (the Corporation ), certify that 
 
 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 

s IGNACIO MOLINA Ignacio Molina Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer February 1, 2023 

72 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ucc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ucc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ucc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ucc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ucc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

