<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230306_10-K_edgar_data_800457_0001140361-23-010291.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21830426</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>375291</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2302707</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9533973</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4232683</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4326752</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-010291.hdr.sgml : 20230306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230306150218
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-010291
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DONEGAL GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000800457
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				232424711
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-15341
		FILM NUMBER:		23708645

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1195 RIVER RD PO BOX 302
		CITY:			MARIETTA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17547-0302
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7174261931

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1195 RIVER ROAD
		STREET 2:		BOX 302
		CITY:			MARIETTA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17547

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-010291.txt : 20230306

10-K
 1
 brhc10049169_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from _________________ to _________________

Commission file number 

.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class

Trading Symbols

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act: Yes . .

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes . .

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
 (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. . No .

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this
 chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). . No .

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See
 definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
 standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. .

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
 under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes .
 No .

If
 securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. .

Indicate by check mark
 whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 240.10D-1(b).
 .

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes . No .

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the
 average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. .

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: shares of Class A common stock and shares
 of Class B common stock outstanding on March 1, 2023.

Documents Incorporated by Reference

The registrant incorporates by reference portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement relating to registrant s annual meeting of stockholders to be held April
 20, 2023 into Part III of this report.

DONEGAL GROUP INC.

INDEX TO FORM 10-K REPORT

Page

PART I 

Item 1.

Business 

1

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

27

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

42 

Item 2.

Properties 

42

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

42

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

42

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

43 

Item 6.

[Reserved] 

44

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

45

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

62 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

64 

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

109 

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

109 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

109 

PART III 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

111 

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

111

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

111

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

111

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

111

PART IV 

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

112

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

114

(i) 

Index 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business.

Introduction

Donegal Group Inc., or DGI, is an insurance holding company whose insurance subsidiaries and affiliates offer property and casualty insurance in 24 Mid-Atlantic, Midwestern, New England, Southern and Southwestern
 states. DGI has no significant business operations and is separate and distinct from its insurance subsidiaries. As used in this Form 10-K Report, the terms we, us and our refer to Donegal Group Inc. and its insurance subsidiaries. Our
 Class A common stock and our Class B common stock trade on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbols DGICA and DGICB, respectively.

Donegal Mutual Insurance Company, or Donegal Mutual, organized us as an insurance holding company on August 26, 1986. At December 31, 2022, Donegal Mutual held approximately 43 of our outstanding Class A common
 stock and approximately 84 of our outstanding Class B common stock. Donegal Mutual s ownership provides Donegal Mutual with approximately 71 of the combined voting power of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock and our outstanding
 shares of Class B common stock. Our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual have interrelated operations due to an intercompany pooling agreement and other intercompany agreements and transactions we describe in Note 3 of the Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements. While maintaining the separate corporate existence of each company, our insurance subsidiaries conduct business together with Donegal Mutual and its insurance subsidiaries as the Donegal Insurance Group. The
 Donegal Insurance Group is not a legal entity, is not an insurance company and does not issue or administer insurance policies. Rather, it is a trade name that refers to the group of insurance companies that are affiliated with Donegal Mutual.

At December 31, 2022, we had three segments: our investment function, our commercial lines of insurance and our personal lines of insurance. We set forth financial information about these segments in Note 19 of
 the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The commercial lines products of our insurance subsidiaries consist primarily of commercial automobile, commercial multi-peril and workers compensation policies. The personal lines products of our
 insurance subsidiaries consist primarily of homeowners and private passenger automobile policies.

Our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual provide their policyholders with a selection of insurance products and pursue profitability by adhering to a strict underwriting discipline. Our insurance subsidiaries
 derive a substantial portion of their insurance business from smaller to mid-sized regional communities. We believe this focus provides our insurance subsidiaries with competitive advantages in terms of local market knowledge, marketing,
 underwriting, claims servicing and policyholder service. At the same time, we believe our insurance subsidiaries have cost advantages over many smaller regional insurers that result from economies of scale our insurance subsidiaries realize
 through centralized accounting, administrative, data processing, investment and other services.

We believe we have a substantial opportunity, as a well-capitalized regional insurance holding company with a solid business strategy, to grow profitably and compete effectively with larger national property and
 casualty insurers. Our downstream holding company structure, with Donegal Mutual holding approximately 71 of the combined voting power of our common stock, has proven its effectiveness and success over the 36 years of our existence. Over that
 time period, we have grown significantly in terms of revenue and financial strength, and the Donegal Insurance Group has developed an excellent reputation as a regional group of property and casualty insurers.

We have been an effective consolidator of smaller main street property and casualty insurance companies. While we are currently placing less emphasis on pursuing acquisitions due to several ongoing major
 initiatives to enhance our technology infrastructure as well as our analytical and processing capabilities, we expect to continue to acquire other insurance companies to expand our business in a given region over time. Since 1998, we and Donegal
 Mutual have completed seven transactions involving acquisitions of property and casualty insurance companies or participation in the business of property and casualty insurance companies through Donegal Mutual s entry into quota-share reinsurance
 agreements with them.

-1- 

Index 

Donegal Mutual completed the merger of Mountain States Mutual Casualty Company, or Mountain States, with and into Donegal Mutual effective May 25, 2017. Donegal Mutual was the surviving company in the merger, and
 Mountain States insurance subsidiaries, Mountain States Indemnity Company and Mountain States Commercial Insurance Company (collectively, the "Mountain States insurance subsidiaries"), became insurance subsidiaries of Donegal Mutual upon
 completion of the merger. Upon completion of the merger, Donegal Mutual assumed all of the policy obligations of Mountain States and began to market its products together with the Mountain States insurance subsidiaries as the Mountain States
 Insurance Group in four Southwestern states. Donegal Mutual also entered into a 100 quota-share reinsurance agreement with the Mountain States insurance subsidiaries on the merger date. Beginning with policies effective in 2021, Donegal Mutual
 began to place the business of the Mountain States Insurance Group into the underwriting pool we describe in History and Organizational Structure. As a result, our consolidated financial results through December 31, 2020 excluded the results of
 the Mountain States Insurance Group operations in those Southwestern states.

Available Information

You may obtain our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, including this Form 10-K Report, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K, our proxy statement and our other filings pursuant to the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, without charge by viewing our website at www.donegalgroup.com . You may also view our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the charters of
 the executive committee, the audit committee, the compensation committee and the nominating committee of our board of directors on our website. Upon request to our corporate secretary, we will also provide printed copies of any of these documents
 to you without charge. We have provided the address of our website solely for the information of investors. We do not intend the reference to our website address to be an active link or to otherwise incorporate the contents of our website into
 this Form 10-K Report. In addition to our website, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov that contains our reports, proxy and information
 statements and other information that we electronically file with, or furnish to, the SEC.

History and Organizational Structure

In the mid-1980 s, Donegal Mutual, as a mutual insurance company, recognized the desirability of developing additional sources of capital and surplus so it could remain competitive, expand its business and ensure its
 long-term viability. Accordingly, Donegal Mutual determined that the implementation of a downstream holding company structure was a viable business strategy to accomplish that objective. Thus, in 1986, Donegal Mutual formed us as a downstream
 holding company, and we incorporated in the state of Delaware as Donegal Group Inc. After Donegal Mutual formed us, we in turn formed Atlantic States as our wholly owned property and casualty insurance company subsidiary.

In connection with the formation of Atlantic States and the establishment of our downstream insurance holding company system, Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States entered into a proportional reinsurance agreement, or
 pooling agreement. Under the pooling agreement, Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States contribute substantially all of their respective premiums, losses and loss expenses to the underwriting pool, and the underwriting pool, acting through Donegal
 Mutual, then allocates 80 of the pooled business to Atlantic States. Thus, Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States share the underwriting results of the pooled business in proportion to their respective participation in the underwriting pool.

The member companies of the Donegal Insurance Group, which include our insurance subsidiaries, share a combined business plan to enhance market penetration and underwriting profitability objectives. We believe
 Donegal Mutual s majority interest in the combined voting power of our Class A common stock and of our Class B common stock fosters our ability to implement our business philosophies, enjoy management continuity, maintain superior employee
 relations and provide a stable environment within which we can grow our businesses.

-2- 

Index 

The products the member companies of the Donegal Insurance Group offer are generally complementary, which permits the Donegal Insurance Group to offer a broad range of products in a given market and to expand the
 Donegal Insurance Group s ability to service an entire personal lines or commercial lines account. Distinctions within the products the member companies of the Donegal Insurance Group offer generally relate to specific risk profiles within
 similar classes of business, such as preferred tier products versus standard tier products. The member companies of the Donegal Insurance Group do not allocate all of the standard risk gradients to one company. As a result, the underwriting
 profitability of the business the individual companies write directly will vary. However, the underwriting pool homogenizes the risk characteristics of all business that Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States write directly and all business that
 Donegal Mutual assumes from its affiliates and places into the underwriting pool. The business Atlantic States derives from the underwriting pool represents a significant percentage of our total consolidated revenues.

As the capital of Atlantic States and our other insurance subsidiaries has increased, the underwriting capacity of our insurance subsidiaries has increased proportionately. The size of the underwriting pool has also
 increased substantially. Therefore, as we originally planned in the mid-1980s, Atlantic States has successfully raised the capital necessary to support the growth of its direct business as well as to accept increases in its allocation of
 business from the underwriting pool. The portion of the underwriting pool allocated to Atlantic States has increased from an initial allocation of 35 in 1986 to an 80 allocation since March 1, 2008. We do not anticipate any further change in
 the pooling agreement between Atlantic States and Donegal Mutual, including any change in the percentage participation of Atlantic States in the underwriting pool.

In addition to Atlantic States, our insurance subsidiaries are Southern Insurance Company of Virginia, or Southern, The Peninsula Insurance Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Peninsula Indemnity Company, or
 collectively, Peninsula, and Michigan Insurance Company, or MICO. Donegal Mutual has a 100 quota-share reinsurance agreement with Southern Mutual Insurance Company, or Southern Mutual, and Donegal Mutual places its assumed business from Southern
 Mutual into the underwriting pool. Donegal Mutual wholly owns and has a 100 quota-share reinsurance agreement with the Mountain States insurance subsidiaries. Beginning with policies effective in 2021, Donegal Mutual places its assumed business
 from the Mountain States insurance subsidiaries into the underwriting pool.

The following chart depicts our organizational structure, including all of our property and casualty insurance subsidiaries and affiliates:

(1) Because of the different relative voting power of our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, our public stockholders hold approximately 29 of the combined voting power of our Class A common stock and our Class B
 common stock and Donegal Mutual holds approximately 71 of the combined voting power of our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock.

-3- 

Index 

Relationship with Donegal Mutual

Donegal Mutual provides facilities, management and other services to us and our insurance subsidiaries. In addition, Donegal Mutual purchases and maintains the information technology systems that support the business
 of Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries. Donegal Mutual allocates certain related expenses to Atlantic States in accordance with the relative participation of Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States in the pooling agreement. Our insurance
 subsidiaries other than Atlantic States reimburse Donegal Mutual for allocated costs of services Donegal Mutual provides on their behalf based on their proportion of the total direct premiums written of the Donegal Insurance Group and other
 metrics. Allocated expenses from Donegal Mutual for services it provided to Atlantic States and our other insurance subsidiaries totaled 199.2 million, 186.6 million and 153.9 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. To enhance process
 efficiencies, Donegal Mutual paid certain expenses directly in 2022 and 2021 that our insurance subsidiaries paid directly in 2020, resulting in higher allocations of expenses from Donegal Mutual to our insurance subsidiaries and lower direct
 expense payments by our insurance subsidiaries in 2022 and 2021 compared to 2020.

Donegal Mutual is the employer of record for all personnel who provide services for our insurance subsidiaries. Donegal Mutual strives to maintain a culture that is based on integrity and respect, with an environment
 designed to facilitate excellent service to the agents and customers of the Donegal Insurance Group. At December 31, 2022, Donegal Mutual had 876 employees, of which 458 were based in its Marietta, Pennsylvania headquarters and 418 were based in
 regional offices or were permanent remote employees. There were 866 full-time employees and 10 part-time employees. Many of Donegal Mutual's employees work remotely from their homes or follow a hybrid schedule that includes working several days
 in their assigned office to allow for enhanced collaboration and interaction with other employees. Donegal Mutual targets employee compensation that is competitive and consistent with an employee's position, knowledge, experience and skill level.
 Donegal Mutual provides annual wage increases that are based on merit. Donegal Mutual provides an annual cash incentive plan for all of its employees that provides an opportunity for Donegal Mutual's employees to earn a bonus as a percentage of
 their annual wages that varies based on the level of underwriting profit Donegal Insurance Group achieves for a calendar year. In addition, Donegal Mutual provides to its full-time employees a comprehensive employee benefits program, including
 medical, dental and vision insurance, paid time off, and a 401(k) retirement plan that includes company matching provisions. Donegal Mutual also provides substantial training, development and wellness programs and resources to its employees.

Our insurance subsidiaries have a catastrophe reinsurance agreement with Donegal Mutual, pursuant to which Donegal Mutual provides coverage for losses related to any catastrophic occurrence over a set retention of
 3.0 million 2.0 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020) for each participating insurance subsidiary, with a combined retention of 6.0 million 5.0 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020) for a catastrophe involving a combination of participating
 insurance subsidiaries, up to the amount Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries retain under catastrophe reinsurance agreements with unaffiliated reinsurers. The purpose of the catastrophe reinsurance agreement is to lessen the effects of
 an accumulation of losses arising from one event to levels that are appropriate given each subsidiary s size, underwriting profile and surplus.

Donegal Mutual had a quota-share reinsurance agreement with MICO for policies effective through December 31, 2021. The purpose of the quota-share reinsurance agreement with MICO was to transfer to Donegal Mutual 25 
 of the premiums and losses related to MICO s business. Donegal Mutual placed its assumed business from MICO into the underwriting pool. Donegal Mutual and MICO terminated this reinsurance agreement on a run-off basis effective January 1, 2022. As
 a result, MICO retains 100 of its net premiums and losses beginning with policies effective as of that date.

Donegal Mutual had a quota-share reinsurance agreement with Peninsula for policies effective through December 31, 2021. The purpose of the quota-share reinsurance agreement with Peninsula was to transfer to Donegal
 Mutual 100 of the premiums and losses related to the workers compensation product line of Peninsula in certain states. Donegal Mutual placed its assumed business from Peninsula into the underwriting pool. Donegal Mutual and Peninsula terminated
 this reinsurance agreement on a run-off basis effective January 1, 2022. As a result, Peninsula retains 100 of its net workers compensation premiums and losses beginning with policies effective as of that date.

-4- 

Index 

We and Donegal Mutual have maintained a coordinating committee since our formation in 1986. The coordinating committee consists of two members of our board of directors, neither of whom is a member of Donegal
 Mutual s board of directors, and two members of Donegal Mutual s board of directors, neither of whom is a member of our board of directors. The purpose of the coordinating committee is to establish and maintain a process for an ongoing evaluation
 of the transactions between Donegal Mutual, our insurance subsidiaries and us. The coordinating committee considers the fairness of each intercompany transaction to Donegal Mutual and its policyholders and to us and our stockholders.

A new agreement or any change to a previously approved agreement must receive coordinating committee approval. The approval process for a new agreement between Donegal Mutual and us or one of our insurance
 subsidiaries or a change in such an agreement is as follows:

both of our members on the coordinating committee must determine that the new agreement or the change in an existing agreement is fair and equitable to us and in the best interests of our stockholders;

both of Donegal Mutual s members on the coordinating committee must determine that the new agreement or the change in an existing agreement is fair and equitable to Donegal Mutual and in the best interests of its policyholders;

our board of directors must approve the new agreement or the change in an existing agreement; and

Donegal Mutual s board of directors must approve the new agreement or the change in an existing agreement.

The coordinating committee also meets annually to review each existing agreement between Donegal Mutual and us or our insurance subsidiaries, including all reinsurance agreements between Donegal Mutual and our
 insurance subsidiaries. The purpose of this annual review is to examine the results of the agreements over the past year and, in the case of reinsurance agreements, over several years and to determine if the results of the existing agreements
 remain fair and equitable to us and our stockholders and fair and equitable to Donegal Mutual and its policyholders or if Donegal Mutual and we should mutually agree to certain adjustments to the terms of the agreements. In the case of
 reinsurance agreements, the annual adjustments typically relate to the reinsurance premiums and loss retention amounts. These agreements are ongoing in nature and will continue in effect throughout 2023 in the ordinary course of our business.

Our members on the coordinating committee, as of the date of this Form 10-K Report, are Barry C. Huber and Richard D. Wampler, II. Donegal Mutual s members on the coordinating committee as of such date are Michael W.
 Brubaker and Cyril J. Greenya. We refer to our proxy statement for our annual meeting of stockholders to be held on April 20, 2023 for further information about the members of the coordinating committee.

We believe our relationships with Donegal Mutual offer us and our insurance subsidiaries a number of competitive advantages, including the following:

enabling our stable management, the consistent underwriting discipline of our insurance subsidiaries, external growth, long-term profitability and financial strength;

creating operational and expense synergies from the combination of resources and integrated operations of the Donegal Insurance Group;

producing more stable and uniform underwriting results for our insurance subsidiaries over extended periods of time than we could achieve without our relationship with Donegal Mutual;

providing opportunities for growth because of the ability of Donegal Mutual to affiliate and enter into reinsurance agreements with, or otherwise acquire control of, mutual insurance companies and place the business it assumes into the
 underwriting pool; and

providing Atlantic States with a significantly larger underwriting capacity because of the underwriting pool Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States have maintained since 1986.

-5- 

Index 

In the first quarter of 2023, our board of directors and the board of directors of Donegal Mutual each undertook a review of the relationships between Donegal Mutual and DGI and determined that continuing the current
 relationships and the current corporate structure of Donegal Mutual and DGI is in the best interests of DGI and its various constituencies.

Business Strategy

We and Donegal Mutual are focused on several primary strategies, including achieving sustained excellent financial performance, strategically modernizing our operations and processes to transform our business,
 capitalizing on opportunities to grow profitably and delivering a superior experience to our agents and policyholders. Our strategies are designed to provide value to the policyholders of Donegal Mutual and our respective insurance subsidiaries
 and, ultimately, to provide value to our stockholders. The annual net premiums earned of our insurance subsidiaries have increased from 301.5 million in 2006 to 822.5 million in 2022, a compound annual growth rate of 6.5 .

The combined ratio of our insurance subsidiaries and that of the United States property and casualty insurance industry as computed using United States generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, and
 statutory accounting principles, or SAP, for the years 2018 through 2022 are shown in the following table:

2022

2021

2020

2019

2018

Our GAAP combined ratio

103.3 

101.0 

96.0 

99.5 

110.1 

Our SAP combined ratio

103.3

100.8

95.4

98.7

109.4

Industry SAP combined ratio (1) 

104.0

99.6

98.4

98.9

99.2

(1) 

As reported (projected for 2022) by A.M. Best Company.

We and Donegal Mutual believe we can continue to expand our insurance operations over time through organic growth and acquisitions of, or affiliations with, other insurance companies. We and Donegal Mutual have
 enhanced the performance of companies we have acquired, while leveraging the acquired companies core strengths and local market knowledge to expand their operations. Our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual also seek to increase their
 premium base by making quality independent agency appointments, enhancing their competitive position within each agency, introducing new and enhanced insurance products and developing and maintaining automated systems to improve service,
 communications and efficiency.

A detailed review of our business strategies follows:

Achieving sustained excellent financial performance.

Our insurance subsidiaries seek to achieve consistent underwriting profitability. Underwriting profitability is a fundamental component of our long-term financial strength because it allows our insurance
 subsidiaries to generate profits without relying exclusively on their investment income for profitability. Our insurance subsidiaries seek to enhance their underwriting results by:

carefully selecting the product lines they underwrite;

carefully selecting the individual risks they underwrite;

utilizing data analytics and predictive modeling tools to inform risk selection and pricing decisions;

managing their property exposures in catastrophe-prone areas; and

evaluating their claims history on a regular basis to ensure the adequacy of their underwriting guidelines and product pricing.

-6- 

Index 

Our insurance subsidiaries maintain discipline in their pricing by effecting rate increases to sustain or improve their underwriting results without unduly affecting their customer retention. In addition to
 appropriate pricing, our insurance subsidiaries seek to ensure that their premium rates are adequate relative to the amount of risk they insure. Our insurance subsidiaries review loss trends on a regular basis to identify changes in the frequency
 and severity of their claims and to assess the adequacy of their rates and underwriting standards. Our insurance subsidiaries also carefully monitor and audit the information they use to price their policies for the purpose of enabling them to
 receive an adequate level of premiums for the risk they assume. For example, our insurance subsidiaries audit the payroll data of their workers compensation customers to verify that the assumptions used to price a particular policy were
 accurate. By implementing appropriate rate increases and understanding the risks our insurance subsidiaries agree to insure, our insurance subsidiaries seek to achieve consistent underwriting profitability.

Our insurance subsidiaries monitor the performance of the product lines they underwrite and the geographies in which they offer their insurance products. Our insurance subsidiaries take specific actions to remediate
 underperforming product lines or geographies that include pricing increases, underwriting adjustments, reunderwriting initiatives as well as discontinuing a given product or withdrawing from a geography when our insurance subsidiaries determine
 they cannot reasonably expect to generate targeted profitability over time.

Our insurance subsidiaries have no material exposures to asbestos or environmental liabilities. Our insurance subsidiaries seek to provide more than one policy to a given personal lines or commercial lines customer
 because this account selling strategy diversifies their risk and has historically improved their underwriting results. Our insurance subsidiaries also use reinsurance to manage their exposure and limit their maximum net loss from large single
 risks or risks in concentrated areas.

Our insurance subsidiaries maintain stringent expense controls under direct supervision of their senior management. We centralize the processing and administrative activities of our insurance subsidiaries to realize
 operating synergies and better expense control. Our insurance subsidiaries utilize technology to automate much of their underwriting, claims and billing processes and to facilitate agency and policyholder communications on an efficient, timely
 and cost-effective basis. Our insurance subsidiaries have increased their annual premium per employee, a measure of efficiency that our insurance subsidiaries use to evaluate their operations, from approximately 470,000 in 1999 to approximately
 1.1 million in 2022.

Return on invested assets is an important element of the financial results of our insurance subsidiaries. The investment strategy of our insurance subsidiaries is to generate an appropriate amount of after-tax income
 on invested assets while limiting the potential impact of equity market volatility and minimizing credit risk through investments in high-quality securities. As a result, our insurance subsidiaries seek to invest a high percentage of their assets
 in diversified, highly rated and marketable fixed-maturity instruments. The fixed-maturity portfolios of our insurance subsidiaries consist of both taxable and tax-exempt securities. Our insurance subsidiaries maintain a portion of their
 portfolios in short-term securities to provide liquidity for the payment of claims and operation of their respective businesses. Our insurance subsidiaries maintain a small percentage (2.7 at December 31, 2022) of their portfolios in equity
 securities that have a history of paying cash dividends or that our insurance subsidiaries expect will appreciate in value over time.

Strategically modernizing our operations and processes to transform our business.

In 2018, Donegal Mutual initiated a multi-year systems modernization project to replace its remaining legacy systems, streamline business processes and workflows and enhance data analytics and modeling capabilities.
 In February 2020, Donegal Mutual implemented the first release of new systems related to the project, and our insurance subsidiaries began to issue workers compensation policies from the new systems in the second quarter of 2020. In August 2021,
 Donegal Mutual implemented the second release of new systems related to the project, including a new agency portal and the rating, underwriting and policy issuance capabilities necessary to support the launch of new personal lines products, and
 our insurance subsidiaries began to issue new personal lines products from the new systems in the fourth quarter of 2021. Over the next several years, Donegal Mutual expects to implement new systems for the remaining lines of business the Donegal
 Insurance Group offers currently. The next release of new systems related to the project will include three commercial lines of business with enhanced straight-through-processing capabilities. This release is scheduled for implementation
 beginning in the first half of 2023.

-7- 

Index 

We have an enterprise analytics department that is focused on integrating data and analytics into strategy and decision-making at all levels of our organization. The enterprise analytics team is responsible for core
 functions of rate-making, predictive analytics, data management and business intelligence. These responsibilities include the development and expansion of risk-based pricing segmentation, analytical innovation, predictive modeling solutions,
 formal data strategies, performance monitoring and enhanced reporting mechanisms. We developed and began executing a pricing and analytics roadmap that will continue to deliver data-driven insights to our underwriters. This roadmap includes
 ongoing development and enhancement of quality tools that allow us to operationalize pricing and underwriting predictive models, integrate internal and external data for better-informed pricing and underwriting decisions and enhance the
 automation and precision of our rate indication methodology. Our enterprise analytics team is continuing to develop new tools and solutions that are enhancing our product portfolio management capabilities, competitive intelligence, pricing
 sophistication and utilization of data to monitor and manage our operations. The team also generates reporting and analyses that enable us to draw business insights from data that drive actions to improve performance.

We are expanding our focus on process excellence, including the formalization of a structure to readily identify opportunities for operational efficiencies and to build a multi-year roadmap for addressing those
 opportunities. We are also expanding our data management personnel and capabilities to continually ensure the data upon which we rely for our business decisions and financial reporting is complete, accurate and secure. We have assigned an
 innovation task force the responsibility to research emerging technologies and identify potential technology solutions that might assist us in further modernizing our operations.

Capitalizing on opportunities to grow profitably.

Continued expansion of our insurance subsidiaries within their existing markets will be a key source of their continued premium growth, and maintaining an effective network of independent agencies is integral to
 this expansion. Our insurance subsidiaries seek to be among the top three insurers within each of the independent agencies for the lines of business our insurance subsidiaries write by providing a consistent, competitive and stable market for
 their products. We believe that the consistency of the product offerings of our insurance subsidiaries enables our insurance subsidiaries to compete effectively for independent agents with other insurers whose product offerings may fluctuate
 based on industry conditions. Our insurance subsidiaries offer a competitive compensation program to their independent agents that rewards them for producing profitable growth and maintaining profitable books of business with our insurance
 subsidiaries.

Our insurance subsidiaries execute a combined annual business plan with Donegal Mutual and its insurance subsidiaries. Within the past several years, we enhanced the annual planning process to ensure that we are
 directing efforts and resources toward geographic regions, market segments, product lines and classes of business that will give us the best opportunities to achieve sustained growth and profitability. As part of the planning process, we perform
 a detailed analysis of internal and external data with respect to each state within our operating regions. We assess state-specific marketing dynamics and opportunities, including an evaluation of the historical experience of our insurance
 subsidiaries. We then assign a strategic posture for each state and develop action plans to execute state-specific strategies for growth or reduction of premiums, agency distribution and enhanced profit generation over the next several years.

In recent years, the consolidation of independent agencies has accelerated, resulting in the acquisition of independent agencies from which our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual currently receive business by
 national cluster groups and aggregators. We have a national accounts team that is responsible for the management and expansion of our relationships with these national agency groups. The national accounts team serves as a centralized point of
 contact for these groups and works directly with our regional sales and marketing teams to support and develop relationships with independent agents affiliated with national agency groups. We believe our relationships with existing and emerging
 national agency groups will continue to expand and that these groups represent a significant opportunity for profitable future growth.

-8- 

Index 

Delivering a superior experience to our agents and policyholders.

Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries strive to maintain technology comparable to that of their larger competitors. Ease of doing business is an increasingly important component of an insurer s value to an
 independent agency. Our insurance subsidiaries provide fully automated underwriting and policy issuance portals that substantially ease data entry and facilitate the quoting and issuance of policies for the independent agents of our insurance
 subsidiaries. As a result, applications of the independent agents for our insurance subsidiaries can result in policy issuance without further re-entry of information. These systems also interface with the agency management systems of the
 independent agents of our insurance subsidiaries. In addition, we are employing new agency relationship management solutions to expand the abilities of our insurance subsidiaries to manage their agency relationships and enhance their agency
 communications and interactions.

Our insurance subsidiaries also provide their independent agents with ongoing support to enable them to better attract and service customers, including:

training programs;

marketing support;

availability of a personal lines service center that provides comprehensive service for our policyholders; and

accessibility to and regular interactions with marketing and underwriting personnel and senior management of our insurance subsidiaries.

We plan to introduce a new commercial lines service center in late 2023, which will represent an optional service enhancement for agencies who prefer that we interact directly with their customers for mid-term policy
 coverage changes and other service requests.

Our insurance subsidiaries appoint independent agencies with a strong underwriting and growth track record. We believe that our insurance subsidiaries will drive continued long-term growth by carefully selecting,
 motivating and supporting their independent agencies.

We believe that excellent policyholder service is important in attracting new policyholders and retaining existing policyholders. Our insurance subsidiaries work closely with their independent agents to provide a
 consistently responsive level of claims service, underwriting and customer support. Our insurance subsidiaries seek to respond expeditiously and effectively to address customer and independent agent inquiries in a number of ways, including:

availability of a customer call center, secure website and mobile application for claims reporting;

availability of a secure website and mobile application for access to policy information and documents, payment processing and other features;

timely replies to information requests and policy submissions; and

prompt responses to, and processing of, claims.

Our insurance subsidiaries periodically conduct policyholder surveys to evaluate the effectiveness of their service to policyholders. The management of our insurance subsidiaries meets on a regular basis with the
 personnel of the independent insurance agents our insurance subsidiaries appoint to seek service improvement recommendations, react to service issues and better understand local market conditions.

-9- 

Index 

Acquiring property and casualty insurance companies to augment the organic growth of our insurance subsidiaries.

We have been an effective consolidator of smaller main street property and casualty insurance companies. While we are currently placing less emphasis on pursuing acquisitions due to several ongoing major
 initiatives to enhance our technology infrastructure as well as our analytical and processing capabilities, we expect to continue to acquire other insurance companies to expand our business in a given region over time.

Since 1998, we and Donegal Mutual have completed seven transactions involving acquisitions of property and casualty insurance companies or participation in the business of property and casualty insurance companies
 through Donegal Mutual s entry into quota-share reinsurance agreements with them. We and Donegal Mutual intend to continue our growth by pursuing affiliations and acquisitions that meet our criteria. Our primary criteria are:

location in regions where our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual are currently conducting business or that offer an attractive opportunity to conduct profitable business;

a mix of business similar to the mix of business of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual;

annual premium volume between 50.0 million to 100.0 million; and

fair and reasonable transaction terms.

We believe that our relationship with Donegal Mutual assists us in pursuing affiliations with, and subsequent acquisitions of, mutual insurance companies because, through Donegal Mutual, we understand the concerns
 and issues that mutual insurance companies face. In particular, Donegal Mutual has had success affiliating with underperforming mutual insurance companies that were operating at a competitive disadvantage due to lack of economies of scale
 compared to other industry participants, and we have either acquired them following their conversion to a stock company or benefited from their underwriting results as a result of Donegal Mutual s entry into a 100 quota-share reinsurance
 agreement with them and placement of that assumed business into the pooling agreement. We evaluate a number of areas for operational synergies when considering acquisitions, including product underwriting, expenses, the cost of reinsurance and
 technology.

We believe that our ability to make direct acquisitions of stock insurance companies and to make indirect acquisitions of mutual insurance companies through Donegal Mutual provides us with flexibility that is a
 competitive advantage in making acquisitions. We also believe our historic record demonstrates our ability to acquire control of an underperforming insurance company utilizing a number of different acquisition structures and affiliation
 strategies, re-underwrite its book of business, reduce its cost structure and return it to sustained profitability.

While Donegal Mutual and we generally engage in preliminary discussions with potential direct or indirect acquisition candidates from time to time, neither Donegal Mutual nor we make any public disclosure regarding a
 proposed acquisition until Donegal Mutual or we have entered into a definitive acquisition agreement.

-10- 

Index 

The following table highlights our and Donegal Mutual s history of insurance company acquisitions and affiliations since 1998:

Company Name

State of Domicile

Year Control Acquired

Method of Acquisition/Affiliation

Southern Heritage Insurance Company (1) 

Georgia

1998

Purchase of stock by us in 1998.

Le Mars Mutual Insurance Company of Iowa and then Le Mars Insurance Company (1) 

Iowa

2002

Surplus note investment by Donegal Mutual in 2002; conversion to stock company in 2004; acquisition of stock by us in 2004.

Peninsula Insurance Group

Maryland

2004

Purchase of stock by us in 2004.

Sheboygan Falls Mutual Insurance Company and then Sheboygan Falls Insurance Company (1) 

Wisconsin

2007

Contribution note investment by Donegal Mutual in 2007; conversion to stock company in 2008; acquisition of stock by us in 2008.

Southern Mutual Insurance Company (2) 

Georgia

2009

Surplus note investment by Donegal Mutual and quota-share reinsurance in 2009.

Michigan Insurance Company

Michigan

2010

Purchase of stock by us in 2010.

Mountain States Mutual Casualty Company (3) 

New Mexico

2017

Merger with and into Donegal Mutual in 2017.

(1) 

To reduce administrative and compliance costs and expenses, these subsidiaries subsequently merged into one of our existing insurance subsidiaries.

(2) 

Control acquired by Donegal Mutual.

(3) 

Donegal Mutual completed the merger of Mountain States with and into Donegal Mutual effective May 25, 2017. Donegal Mutual was the surviving company in the merger, and Mountain States insurance subsidiaries became insurance
 subsidiaries of Donegal Mutual upon completion of the merger. Donegal Mutual also entered into a 100 quota-share reinsurance agreement with the Mountain States insurance subsidiaries on the merger date. Beginning with policies effective
 in 2021, Donegal Mutual places the business of the Mountain States Insurance Group into the underwriting pool.

Competition

The property and casualty insurance industry is highly competitive on the basis of both price and service. Numerous companies compete for business in the geographic areas where our insurance subsidiaries operate.
 Many of these other insurance companies are substantially larger and have greater financial resources than those of our insurance subsidiaries. In addition, because our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual market their respective insurance
 products exclusively through independent insurance agencies, most of which represent more than one insurance company, our insurance subsidiaries face competition within agencies, as well as competition to retain qualified independent agents.
 Insurance companies that are substantially larger than our insurance subsidiaries are likely to benefit from certain cost synergies, and insurance companies that market their products directly to end consumers are likely to incur lower relative
 acquisition costs compared to those of our insurance subsidiaries.

Products and Underwriting

We report the results of our insurance operations in two segments: commercial lines of insurance and personal lines of insurance. The commercial lines our insurance subsidiaries write consist primarily of commercial
 automobile, commercial multi-peril and workers compensation insurance. The personal lines our insurance subsidiaries write consist primarily of private passenger automobile and homeowners insurance. We describe these lines of insurance in
 greater detail below:

-11- 

Index 

Commercial

Commercial automobile policies that provide protection against liability for bodily injury and property damage arising from automobile accidents and protection against loss from damage to automobiles owned by the insured.

Commercial multi-peril policies that provide protection to businesses against many perils, usually combining liability and physical damage coverages.

Workers compensation policies employers purchase to provide benefits to employees for injuries sustained during employment. The workers compensation laws of each state determine the extent of the coverage we provide.

Personal

Private passenger automobile policies that provide protection against liability for bodily injury and property damage arising from automobile accidents and protection against loss from damage to automobiles owned by the insured.

Homeowners policies that provide coverage for damage to residences and their contents from a broad range of perils, including fire, lightning, windstorm and theft. These policies also cover liability of the insured arising from
 injury to other persons or their property while on the insured s property and under other specified conditions.

In recent years, we have taken actions to shift our business mix to a higher proportion of commercial business, where we believe we will continue to have opportunities to achieve profitable, sustainable long-term
 growth. We are executing state-specific strategies that include accelerating growth in states where we see opportunities for profitable growth and reducing exposures in states we have targeted for profit improvement. While we expect to place
 greater emphasis on commercial growth for the foreseeable future, we desire to maintain a profitable book of personal business to provide enhanced stability across our product portfolio and increase our brand value to our independent agents. We
 commenced a phased rollout of new personal lines products in the fourth quarter of 2021. These products feature various coverage enhancements, modernized rating methodology, enhanced pricing segmentation, application of predictive analytical
 models and utilization of third-party data to augment pricing and risk selection. We implemented a new personal lines agency portal and the rating, underwriting and policy issuance capabilities necessary to support the launch in the ten states
 where Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries offer personal lines. The portal and systems are now live in nine of the ten states in which our insurance subsidiaries offer personal lines, and we plan to complete the rollout of the new
 personal lines products in the remaining state in the first half of 2023. Due to ongoing inflationary pressures on loss costs, we will carefully manage personal lines premium growth in 2023, and our insurance subsidiaries plan to continue
 implementing premium rate increases throughout the year.

The following table sets forth the net premiums written of our insurance subsidiaries by line of insurance for the periods indicated:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

(dollars in thousands)

Amount

Amount

Amount

Commercial lines:

Automobile

167,774 

19.9 

161,947 

20.1 

135,294 

18.2 

Workers compensation

111,892

13.3

113,256

14.1

109,960

14.8

Commercial multi-peril

200,045

23.7

188,242

23.4

147,993

19.9

Other

40,086

4.7

38,340

4.8

32,739

4.5

Total commercial lines

519,797

61.6

501,785

62.4

425,986

57.4

Personal lines:

Automobile

181,129

21.5

170,578

21.2

184,602

24.9

Homeowners

120,087

14.2

109,974

13.7

111,886

15.1

Other

22,517

2.7

21,930

2.7

19,666

2.6

Total personal lines

323,733

38.4

302,482

37.6

316,154

42.6

Total business

843,530 

100.0 

804,267 

100.0 

742,140 

100.0 

-12- 

Index 

The commercial lines and personal lines underwriting departments of our insurance subsidiaries evaluate and select those risks that they believe will enable our insurance subsidiaries to achieve an underwriting
 profit. Within each of the underwriting departments, our insurance subsidiaries have dedicated product development and management teams responsible for the development of quality products at competitive prices to promote growth and profitability
 as well as the enhancement of our current products to meet targeted customer needs.

In order to achieve underwriting profitability on a consistent basis, our insurance subsidiaries:

assess and select primarily standard and preferred risks;

adhere to disciplined underwriting guidelines;

seek to price risks appropriately based on exposure, risk characteristics, utilization of predictive models and application of underwriting judgment and

utilize various types of risk management and loss control services.

Our insurance subsidiaries also review their existing portfolio of insured accounts to determine whether certain risks or classes of business continue to meet their underwriting guidelines and margin expectations. If
 a given account or class of business no longer meets those underwriting guidelines or margin expectations, our insurance subsidiaries will take appropriate action regarding that account or class of business, including raising premium rates or
 non-renewing policies to the extent applicable laws and regulations permit.

As part of the effort of our insurance subsidiaries to maintain acceptable underwriting results, they conduct annual reviews of agencies that have failed to meet their underwriting profitability criteria. The review
 process includes an analysis of the underwriting and re-underwriting practices of the agency, the completeness and accuracy of the applications the agency submits, the adequacy of the training of the agency s staff and the agency s record of
 adherence to the underwriting guidelines and service standards of our insurance subsidiaries. Based on the results of this review process, the marketing and underwriting personnel of our insurance subsidiaries develop, together with the agency, a
 plan to improve its underwriting profitability. Our insurance subsidiaries monitor the agency s compliance with the plan and take other measures as required in the judgment of our insurance subsidiaries, including the termination, to the extent
 applicable laws and regulations permit, of agencies that are unable to achieve acceptable underwriting profitability.

Distribution

Our insurance subsidiaries market their products primarily in the Mid-Atlantic, Midwestern, New England, Southern and Southwestern regions through approximately 2,300 independent insurance agencies. At December 31,
 2022, the Donegal Insurance Group actively wrote business in 24 states (Alabama, Colorado, Delaware, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Michigan, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North
 Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, and Wisconsin). Beginning with policies effective in 2021, Donegal Mutual includes the business it writes directly and assumes from the
 Mountain States insurance subsidiaries in four Southwestern states (Colorado, New Mexico, Texas and Utah) in the pooling agreement between Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States. This business had no impact on our results of operations prior to 2021.
 We believe the relationships of our insurance subsidiaries with their independent agents are valuable in identifying, obtaining and retaining profitable business. Our insurance subsidiaries maintain a stringent agency selection procedure that
 emphasizes appointing agencies with proven marketing strategies for the development of profitable business, and our insurance subsidiaries only appoint agencies with a strong underwriting history and potential growth capabilities. Our insurance
 subsidiaries also regularly evaluate the independent agencies that represent them based on their profitability and performance in relation to the objectives of our insurance subsidiaries. Our insurance subsidiaries seek to be among the top three
 insurers within each of their agencies for the lines of business our insurance subsidiaries write.

-13- 

Index 

The following table sets forth the percentage of direct premiums our insurance subsidiaries write, including 80 of the direct premiums Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States include in the underwriting pool, in each of
 the states where they conducted a significant portion of their business in 2022:

Pennsylvania

35.1 

Michigan

15.8

Maryland

8.6

Delaware

6.4

Virginia

5.9

Georgia

4.6

Wisconsin

3.5

Ohio

3.5

Indiana

2.6

North Carolina

2.3

Iowa

1.8

Tennessee

1.7

Other

8.2

Total

100.0 

Our insurance subsidiaries employ a number of policies and procedures that we believe enable them to attract, retain and motivate their independent agents. We believe that the consistency of the product offerings of
 our insurance subsidiaries enables our insurance subsidiaries to compete effectively for independent agents with other insurers whose product offerings may fluctuate based upon industry conditions. Our multi-year systems modernization project is
 further enhancing the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to conduct business with their independent agents and to develop and implement new products. Our insurance subsidiaries have a competitive compensation program for their independent
 agents that includes base commissions, growth incentive plans and a profit-sharing plan, consistent with applicable state laws and regulations, under which the independent agents may earn additional commissions based upon the volume of premiums
 produced and the profitability of the business our insurance subsidiaries receive from that agency. We have an agency stock purchase plan that allows our independent agents to purchase our Class A common stock at a discount to market prices to
 further align the interests of our independent agents with the interests of our stockholders.

Our insurance subsidiaries encourage their independent agents to focus on account selling, or serving all of a particular insured s property and casualty insurance needs, which our insurance subsidiaries believe
 generally results in more favorable loss experience than covering a single risk for an individual insured.

Technology

Donegal Mutual owns and manages the technology that our insurance subsidiaries utilize on a daily basis. The technology is comprised of highly integrated agency-facing and back-end processing systems that operate
 within an advanced, modernized infrastructure that provides high service levels for performance, reliability, security and availability. Donegal Mutual maintains disaster recovery and backup systems and tests these systems on a regular basis. Our
 insurance subsidiaries bear their proportionate share of information services expenses based on their respective percentage of the total net premiums written of the Donegal Insurance Group.

The business strategy and ultimate success of our insurance subsidiaries depends on the effectiveness of efficient and integrated business systems and technology infrastructure. These systems enable our insurance
 subsidiaries to provide quality service to agents and policyholders by processing business in a timely and dependable manner, communicate and share data with agents and provide a variety of methods for the payment of premiums. These systems also
 allow for the accumulation and analysis of data and information for the management of our insurance subsidiaries. Donegal Mutual is currently in the midst of a multi-year effort to modernize certain of its key infrastructure and applications
 systems we describe in more detail under Business - Business Strategy - Strategically modernizing our operations and processes to transform our business. 

-14- 

Index 

The modernized proficiency of these integrated technology systems facilitates high service levels for the agents and policyholders of our insurance subsidiaries, increased efficiencies in processing the business of
 our insurance subsidiaries and lower operating costs. Key components of these technology systems include agency interface systems, automated policy management systems, a claims processing system and a billing administration system. The agency
 interface systems provide our insurance subsidiaries with a comprehensive single source to facilitate data sharing both to and from agents systems and also provides agents with an integrated means of processing new business. The automated policy
 management systems provide agents with the ability to generate underwritten quotes and automatically issue policies that meet the underwriting guidelines of our insurance subsidiaries with limited or no intervention by their personnel. The claims
 processing system allows our insurance subsidiaries to process claims efficiently and in an automated environment. The billing administration system allows our insurance subsidiaries to process premium billing and collection efficiently and in an
 automated environment.

We believe Donegal Mutual's agency-facing technology systems compare well against those of many national property and casualty insurance carriers in terms of feature capabilities and service levels. Donegal Mutual
 maintains a regular interactive forum with its independent agents to be proactive in identifying opportunities for continued automation and technology enhancements.

Claims

The management of claims is a critical component of the philosophy of our insurance subsidiaries to achieve underwriting profitability on a consistent basis and is fundamental to the successful operations of our
 insurance subsidiaries and their dedication to excellent service. Our senior claims management oversees the claims processing units of each of our insurance subsidiaries to assure consistency in the claims settlement process. The field office
 staff of our insurance subsidiaries receives support from home office technical, litigation, material damage, subrogation and medical audit personnel.

The claims departments of our insurance subsidiaries rigorously manage claims to assure that they settle legitimate claims quickly and fairly and that they identify questionable claims for defense. In the majority of
 cases, the personnel of our insurance subsidiaries, who have significant experience in the property and casualty insurance industry and know the service philosophy of our insurance subsidiaries, adjust claims. Our insurance subsidiaries provide
 various means of claims reporting on a 24-hours a day, seven-days a week basis, including toll-free numbers and electronic reporting through our website and mobile application. Our insurance subsidiaries strive to respond to notifications of
 claims promptly, generally within the day reported. Our insurance subsidiaries believe that, by responding promptly to claims, they provide quality customer service and minimize the ultimate cost of the claims. Our insurance subsidiaries engage
 independent adjusters as needed to handle claims in areas in which the volume of claims is not sufficient to justify the hiring of internal claims adjusters by our insurance subsidiaries. Our insurance subsidiaries also employ independent
 adjusters and private investigators, structural experts and outside legal counsel to supplement their internal staff and to assist in the investigation of claims. Our insurance subsidiaries have a special investigative unit primarily staffed by
 former law enforcement officers that attempts to identify and prevent fraud and abuse and to investigate questionable claims.

The management of the claims departments of our insurance subsidiaries develops and implements policies and procedures for the establishment of adequate claim reserves. Our insurance subsidiaries employ an actuarial
 staff that regularly reviews their reserves for incurred but not reported claims. The management and staff of the claims departments resolve policy coverage issues, manage and process reinsurance recoveries and handle salvage and subrogation
 matters. The litigation and personal injury sections of our insurance subsidiaries manage all claims litigation. Branch office claims above certain thresholds require home office review and settlement authorization. Our insurance subsidiaries
 provide their claims adjusters reserving and settlement authority based upon their experience and demonstrated abilities. Larger or more complicated claims require consultation and approval of senior claims department management.

-15- 

Index 

Liabilities for Losses and Loss Expenses

Liabilities for losses and loss expenses are estimates at a given point in time of the amounts an insurer expects to pay with respect to incurred policyholder claims based on facts and circumstances the insurer
 knows at that point in time. For example, legislative, judicial and regulatory actions may expand coverage definitions, retroactively mandate coverage or otherwise require our insurance subsidiaries to pay losses for damages that their policies
 explicitly excluded or did not intend to cover. At the time of establishing its estimates, an insurer recognizes that its ultimate liability for losses and loss expenses will exceed or be less than such estimates. Our insurance subsidiaries base
 their estimates of liabilities for losses and loss expenses on assumptions as to future loss trends, expected claims severity, judicial theories of liability and other factors. However, during the loss adjustment period, our insurance
 subsidiaries may learn additional facts regarding individual claims, and, consequently, it often becomes necessary for our insurance subsidiaries to refine and adjust their estimates for these liabilities. We reflect any adjustments to the
 liabilities for losses and loss expenses of our insurance subsidiaries in our consolidated results of operations in the period in which our insurance subsidiaries make adjustments to their estimates.

Our insurance subsidiaries maintain liabilities for the payment of losses and loss expenses with respect to both reported and unreported claims. Our insurance subsidiaries establish these liabilities for the
 purpose of covering the ultimate costs of settling all losses, including investigation and litigation costs. Our insurance subsidiaries base the amount of their liability for reported losses primarily upon a case-by-case evaluation of the type of
 risk involved, knowledge of the circumstances surrounding each claim and the insurance policy provisions relating to the type of loss the policyholder incurred. Our insurance subsidiaries determine the amount of their liability for unreported
 claims and loss expenses on the basis of historical information by line of insurance. Our insurance subsidiaries account for inflation in the reserving function through analysis of costs and trends and reviews of historical reserving results. Our
 insurance subsidiaries monitor their liabilities closely and recompute them periodically using new information on reported claims and a variety of statistical techniques. Our insurance subsidiaries do not discount their liabilities for losses and
 loss expenses.

Reserve estimates can change over time because of unexpected changes in assumptions related to our insurance subsidiaries external environment and, to a lesser extent, assumptions related to our insurance
 subsidiaries internal operations. For example, our insurance subsidiaries have experienced an increase in claims severity and a lengthening of the claim settlement periods on bodily injury claims during the past several years. In addition, the
 COVID-19 pandemic and related government mandates and restrictions resulted in various changes from historical claims reporting and settlement trends during 2020 and resulted in significant increases in loss costs in 2021 and 2022 due to a number
 of factors, including supply chain disruption, higher new and used automobile values, increases in the cost of replacement automobile parts and rising labor rates. These trend changes give rise to greater uncertainty as to the pattern of future
 loss settlements. Related uncertainties regarding future trends include social inflation, availability and cost of replacement automobile parts and building materials, availability of skilled labor, the rate of plaintiff attorney involvement in
 claims and the cost of medical technologies and procedures. Assumptions related to our insurance subsidiaries external environment include the absence of significant changes in tort law and the legal environment that increase liability exposure,
 consistency in judicial interpretations of insurance coverage and policy provisions and the rate of loss cost inflation. Internal assumptions include consistency in the recording of premium and loss statistics, consistency in the recording of
 claims, payment and case reserving methodology, accurate measurement of the impact of rate changes and changes in policy provisions, consistency in the quality and characteristics of business written within a given line of business and
 consistency in reinsurance coverage and collectability of reinsured losses, among other items. To the extent our insurance subsidiaries determine that underlying factors impacting their assumptions have changed, our insurance subsidiaries make
 adjustments in their reserves that they consider appropriate for such changes. Accordingly, our insurance subsidiaries ultimate liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses will likely differ from the amount recorded at December 31, 2022. For
 every 1 change in our insurance subsidiaries loss and loss expense reserves, net of reinsurance recoverable, the effect on our pre-tax results of operations would be approximately 6.7 million.

-16- 

Index 

The establishment of appropriate liabilities is an inherently uncertain process and we can provide no assurance that our insurance subsidiaries ultimate liability will not exceed our insurance subsidiaries loss
 and loss expense reserves and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, we cannot predict the timing, frequency and extent of adjustments to our insurance subsidiaries estimated future liabilities,
 because the historical conditions and events that serve as a basis for our insurance subsidiaries estimates of ultimate claim costs may change. As is the case for substantially all property and casualty insurance companies, our insurance
 subsidiaries have found it necessary in the past to increase their estimated future liabilities for losses and loss expenses in certain periods and, in other periods, their estimated future liabilities for losses and loss expenses have exceeded
 their actual liabilities for losses and loss expenses. Changes in our insurance subsidiaries estimates of their liability for losses and loss expenses generally reflect actual payments and their evaluation of information received subsequent to
 the prior reporting period. Our insurance subsidiaries recognized a decrease in their liability for losses and loss expenses of prior years of 44.8 million, 31.2 million and 12.9 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our insurance
 subsidiaries made no significant changes in their reserving philosophy or claims management personnel, and they have made no significant offsetting changes in estimates that increased or decreased their loss and loss expense reserves in those
 years. The 2022 development represented 7.2 of the December 31, 2021 net carried reserves and resulted primarily from lower-than-expected loss emergence in the personal automobile and commercial automobile lines of business for accident years
 prior to 2022. The majority of the 2022 development related to decreases in the liability for losses and loss expenses of prior years for Atlantic States and MICO. The 2021 development represented 5.6 of the December 31, 2020 net carried
 reserves and resulted primarily from lower-than-expected loss emergence in the personal automobile, workers compensation and commercial automobile lines of business for accident years prior to 2021. The majority of the 2021 development related
 to decreases in the liability for losses and loss expenses of prior years for Atlantic States and MICO. The 2020 development represented 2.6 of the December 31, 2019 net carried reserves and resulted primarily from lower-than-expected severity
 in the workers compensation and personal automobile lines of business, partially offset by higher-than-expected severity in the commercial automobile and commercial multi-peril lines of business, for accident years prior to 2020. The majority of
 the 2020 development related to decreases in the liability for losses and loss expenses of prior years for Atlantic States and MICO.

Excluding the impact of severe weather events and the COVID-19 pandemic, our insurance subsidiaries have noted stable amounts in the number of claims incurred and the number of claims outstanding at period ends
 relative to their premium base in recent years across most of their lines of business. However, the amount of the average claim outstanding has increased gradually over the past several years due to various factors such as rising inflation and
 increased litigation trends. We have also experienced a general slowing of settlement rates in litigated claims and lengthening of repair completion times for property and automobile claims. Our insurance subsidiaries could have to make further
 adjustments to their estimates in the future. However, on the basis of our insurance subsidiaries internal procedures, which analyze, among other things, their prior assumptions, their experience with similar cases and historical trends such as
 reserving patterns, loss payments, pending levels of unpaid claims and product mix, as well as court decisions, economic conditions and public attitudes, we believe that our insurance subsidiaries have made adequate provision for their liability
 for losses and loss expenses.

Atlantic States participation in the underwriting pool with Donegal Mutual exposes Atlantic States to adverse loss development on the business that Donegal Mutual contributes to the underwriting pool. However,
 pooled business represents the predominant percentage of the net underwriting activity of both companies, and Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States share proportionately any adverse risk development relating to the pooled business. The business in
 the underwriting pool is homogeneous, and each company has a pro-rata share of the entire underwriting pool. Since the predominant percentage of the business of Atlantic States and Donegal Mutual is pooled and the results shared by each company
 according to its participation level under the terms of the pooling agreement, the intent of the underwriting pool is to produce a more uniform and stable underwriting result from year to year for each company than either would experience
 individually and to spread the risk of loss between the companies.

Differences between liabilities reported in our financial statements prepared on a GAAP basis and our insurance subsidiaries financial statements prepared on a SAP basis result from anticipating salvage and
 subrogation recoveries for GAAP but not for SAP. These differences amounted to 28.7 million, 23.5 million and 21.0 million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

-17- 

Index 

The following table sets forth a reconciliation of the beginning and ending GAAP net liability of our insurance subsidiaries for unpaid losses and loss expenses for the periods indicated:

Year Ended December 31,

(in thousands)

2022

2021

2020

Gross liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses at beginning of year

1,077,620 

962,007 

869,674 

Less reinsurance recoverable

451,261

404,818

362,768

Net liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses at beginning of year

626,359

557,189

506,906

Provision for net losses and loss expenses for claims incurred in the 

 current year

608,900

551,918

472,709

Change in provision for estimated net losses and loss expenses for claims 

 incurred in prior years

(44,821

(31,208

(12,945

Total incurred

564,079

520,710

459,764

Net losses and loss expense payments for claims incurred during:

The current year

302,272

269,317

236,984

Prior years

218,304

182,223

172,497

Total paid

520,576

451,540

409,481

Net liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses at end of year

669,862

626,359

557,189

Plus reinsurance recoverable

451,184

451,261

404,818

Gross liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses at end of year

1,121,046 

1,077,620 

962,007 

The following table sets forth the development of the liability for net unpaid losses and loss expenses of our insurance subsidiaries from 2012 to 2022. Loss data in the table includes business Atlantic States
 received from the underwriting pool.

Net liability at end of year for unpaid losses and loss expenses sets forth the estimated liability for net unpaid losses and loss expenses recorded at the balance sheet date for each of the indicated years. This
 liability represents the estimated amount of net losses and loss expenses for claims arising in the current and all prior years that are unpaid at the balance sheet date, including losses incurred but not reported.

The Net liability re-estimated as of portion of the table shows the re-estimated amount of the previously recorded liability based on experience for each succeeding year. The estimate increases or decreases as
 payments are made and more information becomes known about the severity of the remaining unpaid claims. For example, the 2012 liability has developed a deficiency after ten years because we expect the re-estimated net losses and loss expenses to
 be 24.7 million more than the estimated liability we initially established in 2012 of 250.9 million.

The Cumulative deficiency (excess) shows the cumulative deficiency or excess at December 31, 2022 of the liability estimate shown on the top line of the corresponding column. A deficiency in liability means that
 the liability established in prior years was less than the amount of actual payments and currently re-estimated remaining unpaid liability. An excess in liability means that the liability established in prior years exceeded the amount of actual
 payments and currently re-estimated unpaid liability remaining.

The Cumulative amount of liability paid through portion of the table shows the cumulative net losses and loss expense payments made in succeeding years for net losses incurred prior to the balance sheet date. For
 example, the 2012 column indicates that at December 31, 2022 payments equal to 268.4 million of the currently re-estimated ultimate liability for net losses and loss expenses of 275.6 million had been made.

-18- 

Index 

Year Ended December 31,

(in thousands)

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Net liability at end of 

 year for unpaid 

 losses and loss 

 expenses

250,936 

265,605 

292,301 

322,054 

347,518 

383,401 

475,398 

506,906 

557,189 

626,359 

669,862 

Net liability re-

 estimated as of:

One year later

261,294

280,074

299,501

325,043

354,139

419,032

462,466

493,961

525,981

581,538

Two years later

268,877

281,782

299,919

329,115

375,741

413,535

450,862

479,927

498,724

Three years later

270,473

281,666

304,855

338,118

376,060

404,902

440,168

463,441

Four years later

270,794

284,429

307,840

339,228

372,230

398,560

432,027

Five years later

271,954

285,130

310,354

338,020

370,960

396,695

Six years later

272,553

287,439

310,380

338,200

372,346

Seven years later

274,111

287,063

311,594

339,625

Eight years later

274,472

288,298

313,354

Nine years later

275,385

289,066

Ten years later

275,638

Cumulative

 deficiency 

 (excess)

24,702

23,461

21,053

17,571

24,828

13,294

(43,371

(43,465

(58,465

(44,821

Cumulative amount 

 of liability paid

 through:

One year later

126,677 

131,766 

131,779 

149,746 

163,005 

175,883 

195,956 

172,497 

182,223 

218,304 

Two years later

191,208

194,169

206,637

228,506

250,678

276,331

275,993

276,069

297,860

Three years later

225,956

233,371

251,654

274,235

306,338

317,447

335,310

343,912

Four years later

245,094

255,451

274,248

300,715

324,628

342,583

371,231

Five years later

254,502

265,841

287,178

309,630

337,946

362,061

Six years later

259,437

272,431

292,327

315,105

349,496

Seven years later

263,386

275,357

295,106

321,777

Eight years later

265,026

277,315

300,306

Nine years later

266,433

279,928

Ten years later

268,446

Year Ended December 31,

(in thousands)

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Gross liability at end 

 of year

538,258 

578,205 

606,665 

676,672 

814,665 

869,674 

962,007 

1,077,620 

1,121,046 

Reinsurance 

 recoverable

245,957

256,151

259,147

293,271

339,266

362,768

404,818

451,261

451,184

Net liability at end of 

 year

292,301

322,054

347,518

383,401

475,398

506,906

557,189

626,359

669,862

Gross re-estimated 

 liability

564,561

594,072

628,241

679,800

755,701

792,676

872,833

933,712

Re-estimated 

 recoverable

251,207

254,447

255,895

283,105

323,674

329,235

374,109

352,174

Net re-estimated 

 liability

313,354

339,625

372,346

396,695

432,027

463,441

498,724

581,538

Gross cumulative 

 deficiency 

 (excess)

26,303

15,867

21,576

3,128

(58,964

(76,998

(89,174

(143,908

-19- 

Index 

Third-Party Reinsurance

Our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual purchase certain third-party reinsurance on a combined basis. Our insurance subsidiaries use several different reinsurers, all of which, consistent with the requirements
 of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual, have an A.M. Best rating of A- (Excellent) or better or, with respect to foreign reinsurers, have a financial condition that, in the opinion of our management, is equivalent to a company with at
 least an A- (Excellent) rating from A.M. Best.

The external reinsurance our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual purchased for 2022 included:

excess of loss reinsurance, under which Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries recovered losses over a set retention of 2.0 million 3.0 million retention for all losses except for workers' compensation for 2023); and

catastrophe reinsurance, under which Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries recovered 100 of an accumulation of many losses resulting from a single event, including natural disasters, over a set retention of 15.0 million up to
 aggregate losses of 185.0 million per occurrence (over a set retention of 25.0 million up to aggregate losses of 175.0 million per occurrence for 2023).

For property insurance, our insurance subsidiaries had excess of loss reinsurance that provided for coverage of 38.0 million per loss over a set retention of 2.0 million
 37.0 million per loss over a set retention of 3.0 million for 2023). For liability insurance, our insurance subsidiaries had excess of loss reinsurance that provided for coverage of 73.0 million per
 occurrence over a set retention of 2.0 million 72.0 million per occurrence over a set retention of 3.0 million for 2023). For workers compensation insurance, our insurance subsidiaries had excess of loss reinsurance that provided for
 coverage of 18.0 million on any one life over a set retention of 2.0 million (no change for 2023).

Our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual also purchased facultative reinsurance to cover certain exposures, including property exposures that exceeded the limits provided by their respective treaty reinsurance.

Investments

At December 31, 2022, 100.0 of all debt securities our insurance subsidiaries held had an investment-grade rating. The investment portfolios of our insurance subsidiaries did not contain any mortgage loans or any
 non-performing assets at December 31, 2022.

The following table shows the composition of the debt securities (at carrying value) in the investment portfolios of our insurance subsidiaries, excluding short-term investments, by rating at December 31, 2022:

(dollars in thousands)

December 31, 2022

Rating (1) 

Amount

Percent

U.S. Treasury and U.S. agency securities (2) 

396,191 

32.7 

Aaa or AAA

25,010

2.1

Aa or AA

343,138

28.3

A

200,629

16.6

BBB

247,263

20.3

Total

1,212,231 

100.0 

(1) 

Ratings assigned by Moody s Investors Services, Inc. or Standard Poor s Corporation.

(2) 

Includes mortgage-backed securities of 229.3 million.

Our insurance subsidiaries invest in both taxable and tax-exempt securities as part of their strategy to maximize after-tax income. Tax-exempt securities made up approximately 19.9 , 21.1 and 22.9 of the
 fixed-maturity securities in the combined investment portfolios of our insurance subsidiaries at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

-20- 

Index 

The following table shows the classification of our investments and the investments of our insurance subsidiaries at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (at carrying value):

December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Percent of

Percent of

Percent of

(dollars in thousands)

Amount

Total

Amount

Total

Amount

Total

Fixed maturities (1) :

Held to maturity:

U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of 

 U.S. government corporations and 

 agencies

103,362 

7.9 

89,268 

7.0 

77,435 

6.3 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions

382,097

29.3

371,436

29.1

312,319

25.6

Corporate securities

190,949

14.6

191,147

15.0

173,270

14.2

Mortgage-backed securities

12,031

1.0

16,254

1.2

23,585

1.9

Total held to maturity

688,439

52.8

668,105

52.3

586,609

48.0

Available for sale:

U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of 

 U.S. government corporations and 

 agencies

63,521

4.9

32,185

2.5

47,815

3.9

Obligations of states and political 

 subdivisions

40,156

3.1

57,378

4.5

68,965

5.7

Corporate securities

202,838

15.5

221,611

17.4

212,708

17.4

Mortgage-backed securities

217,277

16.6

221,455

17.3

225,648

18.5

Total available for sale

523,792

40.1

532,629

41.7

555,136

45.5

Total fixed maturities

1,212,231

92.9

1,200,734

94.0

1,141,745

93.5

Equity securities (2) 

35,105

2.7

63,420

5.0

58,556

4.8

Short-term investments (3) 

57,321

4.4

12,692

1.0

20,901

1.7

Total investments

1,304,657 

100.0 

1,276,846 

100.0 

1,221,202

100.0 

(1) 

We refer to Notes 1 and 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. We value those fixed maturities we classify as held to maturity at amortized cost; we value those fixed maturities we classify as available for sale at fair value. The
 total fair value of fixed maturities we classified as held to maturity was 598.0 million at December 31, 2022, 697.4 million at December 31, 2021 and 632.6 million at December 31, 2020. The amortized cost of fixed maturities we
 classified as available for sale was 571.9 million at December 31, 2022, 523.3 million at December 31, 2021 and 535.0 million at December 31, 2020.

(2) 

We value equity securities at fair value. The total cost of equity securities was 30.8 million at December 31, 2022, 43.3 million at December 31, 2021 and 42.4 million at December 31, 2020

(3) 

We value short-term investments at cost, which approximates fair value.

-21- 

Index 

The following table sets forth the maturities (at carrying value) in the fixed maturity portfolio of our insurance subsidiaries at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Percent

 of

Percent

 of

Percent

 of

(dollars in thousands)

Amount

Total

Amount

Total

Amount

Total

Due in (1) :

One year or less

39,094 

3.2 

48,771 

4.1 

73,166 

6.4 

Over one year through three years

107,689

8.9

93,100

7.7

85,805

7.5

Over three years through five years

133,068

11.0

120,038

10.0

111,258

9.8

Over five years through ten years

357,114

29.5

362,266

30.2

341,947

30.0

Over ten years through fifteen years

191,118

15.8

165,327

13.8

139,604

12.2

Over fifteen years

154,840

12.7

173,523

14.4

140,732

12.3

Mortgage-backed securities

229,308

18.9

237,709

19.8

249,233

21.8

1,212,231 

100.0 

1,200,734

100.0 

1,141,745

100.0 

(1) 

Based on stated maturity dates with no prepayment assumptions. Actual maturities will differ because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties.

As shown above, our insurance subsidiaries held investments in mortgage-backed securities having a carrying value of 229.3 million at December 31, 2022. The mortgage-backed securities consist primarily of
 investments in governmental agency balloon pools with stated maturities between one and 35 years. The stated maturities of these investments limit the exposure of our insurance subsidiaries to extension risk in the event that interest rates rise
 and prepayments decline. Our insurance subsidiaries perform an analysis of the underlying loans when evaluating a mortgage-backed security for purchase, and they select those securities that they believe will provide a return that properly
 reflects the prepayment risk associated with the underlying loans.

The following table sets forth the investment results of our insurance subsidiaries for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

Year Ended December 31,

(dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

2020

Invested assets (1) 

1,290,752 

1,249,024 

1,165,878 

Investment income (2) 

34,016

31,126

29,504

Average yield

2.6 

2.5 

2.5 

Average tax-equivalent yield

2.7

2.6

2.7

(1) 

Average of the aggregate invested amounts at the beginning and end of the period.

(2) 

Investment income is net of investment expenses and does not include investment gains or losses or provision for income taxes.

A.M. Best Rating

Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries have an A.M. Best rating of A (Excellent), based upon the respective current financial condition and historical statutory results of operations of Donegal Mutual and our
 insurance subsidiaries. We believe that the A.M. Best rating of Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries is an important factor in their marketing of their products to their agents and customers. A.M. Best s ratings are industry ratings
 based on a comparative analysis of the financial condition and operating performance of insurance companies. A.M. Best s classifications are A++ and A+ (Superior), A and A- (Excellent), B++ and B+ (Good), B and B- (Fair), C++ and C+ (Marginal), C
 and C- (Weak), D (Poor), E (Under Regulatory Supervision), F (Liquidation) and S (Suspended). A.M. Best bases its ratings upon factors relevant to the payment of claims of policyholders and are not directed toward the protection of investors in
 insurance companies. According to A.M. Best, the Excellent rating that the Donegal Insurance Group maintains is assigned to those companies that, in A.M. Best s opinion, have an excellent ability to meet their ongoing insurance obligations.

-22- 

Index 

Regulation

The supervision and regulation of insurance companies consists primarily of the laws and regulations of the various states in which the insurance companies transact business, with the primary regulatory authority
 being the insurance regulatory authorities in the state of domicile of the insurance company. Such supervision and regulation relate to numerous aspects of an insurance company s business and financial condition. The primary purpose of such
 supervision and regulation is the protection of policyholders. The authority of the state insurance departments includes the establishment of standards of solvency that insurers must meet and maintain, the licensing of insurers and insurance
 agents to do business, the nature of, and limitations on, investments, premium rates for property and casualty insurance, the provisions that insurers must make for current losses and future liabilities, the deposit of securities for the benefit
 of policyholders, the approval of policy forms, notice requirements for the cancellation of policies and the approval of certain changes in control. State insurance departments also conduct periodic examinations of the affairs of insurance
 companies and require the filing of annual and other reports relating to the financial condition of insurance companies.

In addition to state-imposed insurance laws and regulations, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, or the NAIC, maintains a risk-based capital system, or RBC, for assessing the adequacy of the
 statutory capital and surplus of insurance companies that augments the states current fixed dollar minimum capital requirements for insurance companies. At December 31, 2022, our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual each exceeded the
 minimum levels of statutory capital the RBC rules require by a substantial margin.

Generally, every state has guaranty fund laws under which insurers licensed to do business in that state can be assessed on the basis of premiums written by the insurer in that state in order to fund policyholder
 liabilities of insolvent insurance companies. Under these laws in general, an insurer is subject to assessment, depending upon its market share of a given line of business, to assist in the payment of policyholder claims against insolvent
 insurers. Our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual have made accruals for their portion of assessments related to such insolvencies based upon the most current information furnished by the guaranty associations.

We are part of an insurance holding company system of which Donegal Mutual is the ultimate controlling person. All of the states in which our insurance companies and Donegal Mutual maintain a domicile have
 legislation that regulates insurance holding company systems. Each insurance company in the insurance holding company system must register with the insurance supervisory agency of its state of domicile and furnish information concerning the
 operations of companies within the insurance holding company system that may materially affect the operations, management or financial condition of the insurers within the system. Pursuant to these laws, the respective insurance departments in
 which our subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual maintain a domicile may examine our insurance subsidiaries or Donegal Mutual at any time, require disclosure of material transactions by the holding company with another member of the insurance holding
 company system and require prior notice or prior approval of certain transactions, such as extraordinary dividends from the insurance subsidiaries to the holding company. We have insurance subsidiaries domiciled in Michigan, Pennsylvania and
 Virginia.

The Pennsylvania Insurance Holding Companies Act, which generally applies to Donegal Mutual, us and our insurance subsidiaries, requires that all transactions within an insurance holding company system to which an
 insurer is a party must be fair and reasonable and that any charges or fees for services performed must be reasonable. Any management agreement, service agreement, cost sharing arrangement and material reinsurance agreement must be filed with the
 Pennsylvania Insurance Department, or the Department, and is subject to the Department s review. We have filed with the Department the pooling agreement between Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States that established the underwriting pool and all
 material agreements between Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries.

-23- 

Index 

Approval of the applicable insurance commissioner is also required prior to consummation of transactions affecting the control of an insurer. In virtually all states, including the states where our insurance
 subsidiaries are domiciled, the acquisition of 10 or more of the outstanding capital stock of an insurer or its holding company or the intent to acquire such an interest creates a rebuttable presumption of a change in control. Pursuant to an
 order issued in April 2003, the Department approved Donegal Mutual s ownership of up to 70 of our outstanding Class A common stock and Donegal Mutual s ownership of up to 100 of our outstanding Class B common stock.

Our insurance subsidiaries have the legal obligation under state insurance laws to participate in involuntary insurance programs for automobile insurance, as well as other property and casualty insurance lines, in
 the states in which they conduct business. These programs include joint underwriting associations, assigned risk plans, fair access to insurance requirements plans, reinsurance facilities, windstorm plans and tornado plans. Legislation
 establishing these programs requires all companies that write lines covered by these programs to provide coverage, either directly or through reinsurance, for insureds who are unable to obtain insurance in the voluntary market. The legislation
 creating these programs usually allocates a pro rata portion of risks attributable to such insureds to each company on the basis of the direct premiums it has written in that state or the number of automobiles it insures in that state. Generally,
 state law requires participation in these programs as a condition to obtaining a certificate of authority. Our loss ratio on insurance we write under these involuntary programs has traditionally been significantly greater than our loss ratio on
 insurance we voluntarily write in those states.

Regulatory requirements, including RBC requirements, may impact our insurance subsidiaries ability to pay dividends. The amount of statutory capital and surplus necessary for our insurance subsidiaries to satisfy
 regulatory requirements, including RBC requirements, was not significant in relation to our insurance subsidiaries statutory capital and surplus at December 31, 2022. Generally, the maximum amount that one of our insurance subsidiaries may pay
 to us as ordinary dividends during any year after notice to, but without prior approval of, the insurance commissioner of its domiciliary state is limited to a stated percentage of that subsidiary s statutory capital and surplus at December 31 of
 the preceding fiscal year or the net income of that subsidiary for its preceding fiscal year. Our insurance subsidiaries did not pay any dividends to us in 2022. Our insurance subsidiaries paid dividends to us of 5.0 million and 14.0 million in
 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the amount of ordinary dividends our insurance subsidiaries could pay to us during 2023, without the prior approval of their respective domiciliary insurance commissioners, is shown in the
 following table.

Name of Insurance Subsidiary

Ordinary Dividend Amount

Atlantic States

26,357,936 

MICO

7,544,187

Peninsula

6,009,019

Southern

6,446,312

Total

46,357,454 

Donegal Mutual Insurance Company

Donegal Mutual organized as a mutual fire insurance company in Pennsylvania in 1889. At December 31, 2022, Donegal Mutual had admitted assets of 726.4 million and
 policyholders surplus of 346.9 million. At December 31, 2022, Donegal Mutual had total liabilities of 379.5 million, including reserves for net losses and loss expenses of 186.5 million and unearned premiums of 70.0 million. Donegal Mutual s
 investment portfolio of 466.2 million at December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of investment-grade bonds of 224.9 million and its investment in our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock. At December 31, 2022, Donegal Mutual owned
 11,578,470 shares, or approximately 43 , of our Class A common stock, which Donegal Mutual carried on its books at 152.7 million, and 4,708,571 shares, or approximately 84 , of our Class B common stock, which Donegal Mutual carried on its books
 at 62.1 million. We present Donegal Mutual s financial information in accordance with SAP as the NAIC Accounting Practices and Procedures Manual requires. Donegal Mutual does not, nor is it required to, prepare financial statements in accordance
 with GAAP.

-24- 

Index 

Information about Our Executive Officers

The following table sets forth information regarding the executive officers of Donegal Mutual and the Registrant as of the date of this Form 10-K Report:

Name

Age

Position

Kevin G. Burke

57

President and Chief Executive Officer of us since 2015; President and Chief Executive Officer of Donegal Mutual since 2018; Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Donegal Mutual from 2014
 to 2018; Senior Vice President of Human Resources of Donegal Mutual and us from 2005 to 2014; other positions from 2000 to 2005.

Jeffrey D. Miller

58

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Donegal Mutual and us since 2014; Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Donegal Mutual and us from 2005 to 2014; other positions from
 1993 to 2005.

Kristi S. Altshuler

42

Senior Vice President and Chief Analytics Officer of us since 2020; Senior Vice President and Chief Analytics Officer of Donegal Mutual since 2019; Director of Willis Towers Watson from 2018 to 2019;
 Director of Pricing Innovation of USAA from 2014 to 2018; other positions at USAA from 2001 to 2014.

W. Daniel DeLamater

50

Senior Vice President of us since 2022; Senior Vice President and Head of Field Operations National Accounts of Donegal Mutual since 2022; Senior Vice President of National Accounts for Donegal Mutual from 2020 to 2022; President
 of Southern Mutual Insurance Company since 2016; other positions at Southern Mutual Insurance Company from 2000 to 2016.

William A. Folmar

64

Senior Vice President of Claims of Donegal Mutual and Senior Vice President of us since 2019; Vice President of Claims of Donegal Mutual from 2010 to 2019; other positions from 1998 to 2010.

Jeffery T. Hay

48

Senior Vice President and Chief Underwriting Officer of Donegal Mutual and Senior Vice President of us since 2021; Senior Director of Willis Towers Watson from 2018 to 2021; Head of Personal Lines Product
 Management of The Hartford from 2015 to 2018; other positions at The Hartford from 2005 to 2015.

Christina M. Hoffman

48

Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of Donegal Mutual and us since 2019; Senior Vice President of Internal Audit of Donegal Mutual and Senior Vice President of us from 2013 to 2019; Vice President
 of Internal Audit of Donegal Mutual and Vice President of us from 2009 to 2013.

Matthew T. Hudnall

45

Senior Vice President of Commercial Lines of Donegal Mutual and Senior Vice President of us since 2022; Senior Vice President of Underwriting of Preferred Mutual from 2021 to 2022; Vice President of Small
 Commercial Underwriting of Hanover Insurance Group from 2016 to 2021; Vice President of Casualty Underwriting at Hanover Insurance Group from 2013 to 2016.

Robert R. Long, Jr.

64

Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Donegal Mutual and us since 2018; Vice President and House Counsel of Donegal Mutual from 2012 to 2018; other positions from 2010 to 2012.

Sanjay Pandey

56

Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Donegal Mutual and us since 2013; other positions from 2000 to 2013.

David W. Sponic

58

Senior Vice President of Personal Lines of Donegal Mutual and Senior Vice President of us since 2022; Vice President of Personal Lines of Donegal Mutual from 2008 to 2022; other positions from 1990 to 2008.

V. Anthony Viozzi

49

Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of Donegal Mutual and us since 2012; Vice President of Investments of Donegal Mutual and us from 2007 to 2012.

Daniel J. Wagner

62

Senior Vice President and Treasurer of Donegal Mutual and us since 2005; other positions from 1987 to 2005.

-25- 

Index 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Form 10-K Report and the documents we incorporate by reference in this Form 10-K Report contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
 forward-looking statements include certain discussions relating to underwriting, premium and investment income volumes, business strategies, reserves, profitability and business relationships and our other business activities during 2022 and
 beyond. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, could, would, expect, plan, intend, anticipate, believe, estimate, objective, project, predict, potential, goal 
 and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events and our current assumptions, and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause our results, performance or
 achievements to differ materially from those we anticipate or imply by our forward-looking statements. We cannot control or predict many of the factors that could determine our future financial condition or results of operations. Such factors may
 include those we describe under Risk Factors. The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K Report reflect our views and assumptions only as of the date of this Form 10-K Report. Except as required by law, we do not intend to
 update, and we assume no responsibility for updating, any forward-looking statements we have made. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements.

-26- 

Index 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors.

Risk Factors

Risks Relating to the Property and Casualty Insurance Industry

Industry trends, such as increasing loss severity due to higher rates of litigation against the insurance industry and individual insurers, the willingness of courts to expand
 covered causes of loss, rising jury awards, escalating medical, automobile and property repair costs and other factors may contribute to increased costs and result in ultimate loss settlements that exceed the reserves of our insurance
 subsidiaries.

Loss severity in the property and casualty insurance industry has increased in recent years, principally driven by factors such as distracted driving, larger court judgments, higher jury awards and increasing medical
 and automobile and property repair costs, including increases due to inflation and supply chain disruption. In addition, many classes of complainants have brought legal actions and proceedings that tend to increase the size of judgments. The
 propensity of policyholders and third-party claimants to litigate and the willingness of courts to expand causes of loss and the size of awards, to eliminate exclusions and to increase coverage limits may result in ultimate settlements of current
 and future losses that exceed the loss reserves of our insurance subsidiaries.

Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to catastrophe losses and losses from other severe weather events, which are unpredictable and may adversely affect our results of
 operations, liquidity and financial condition.

The underwriting results of our insurance subsidiaries are subject to weather and other conditions that may adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. Because the occurrence and
 severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable and may vary significantly from year to year and region to region, our historical results of operations may not be indicative of our future results of operations. Our property and casualty
 insurance operations expose us to claims arising from catastrophic events affecting multiple policyholders. Such catastrophic events consist of various natural disasters, including, but not limited to, hurricanes, tropical storms, tornadoes,
 windstorms, hailstorms, fires and wildfires, flooding, landslides, earthquakes, severe winter weather events and man-made disasters such as terrorist attacks, explosions and infrastructure failures. Historically, our insurance subsidiaries have
 experienced weather-related losses from hurricanes and tropical storms in Mid-Atlantic and Southern states, tornadoes and hailstorms in Mid-Atlantic, Midwestern and Southern states and severe winter weather events in Mid-Atlantic, Midwestern and
 New England states.

Losses from catastrophic events are a function of both the extent of our insurance subsidiaries exposures, the frequency and severity of the events themselves and the level of reinsurance coverage our insurance
 subsidiaries purchase. The increased frequency and severity of weather-related catastrophes and other losses, such as from wildfires and flooding, incurred by the industry in recent years may be indicative of changing weather patterns due to
 climate change. Should those patterns continue to emerge, increased weather-related catastrophes in the states in which our insurance subsidiaries operate would lead to higher overall losses that they may be unable to offset through pricing
 actions.

Our insurance subsidiaries seek to reduce their exposure to catastrophe losses through their underwriting strategies and their purchase of catastrophe reinsurance. Nevertheless, reinsurance may prove inadequate under
 certain circumstances. While the emerging science regarding climate change and its connection to extreme weather events continues to be studied, climate change, to the extent it produces rising temperatures and changes in weather patterns, could
 affect the frequency and severity of weather events and other losses and thus impact the affordability and availability of catastrophe reinsurance coverage for our insurance subsidiaries. Our insurance subsidiaries' ability to appropriately
 manage catastrophe risk depends partially on catastrophe models, which may be affected by inaccurate or incomplete data, the uncertainty of the frequency and severity of future events and the uncertain impact of changing climate conditions that
 tend to occur gradually over time.

Changing climate conditions could lead to new or revised regulations with which our insurance subsidiaries would have to comply. Such regulations could impact the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to manage their
 exposures in areas impacted by increased weather activity, require our insurance companies to alter the terms and conditions of their policies or impact the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to obtain sufficient pricing increases to offset
 higher loss activity.

-27- 

Index 

Our insurance subsidiaries must establish premium rates and loss and loss expense reserves from forecasts of the ultimate costs they expect will arise from risks underwritten
 during the policy period, and the profitability of our insurance subsidiaries could be adversely affected if their premium rates or reserves are insufficient to satisfy their ultimate costs.

One of the distinguishing features of the property and casualty insurance industry is that it prices its products before it knows its costs, since insurers generally establish their premium rates before they know the
 amount of losses they will incur. Accordingly, our insurance subsidiaries establish premium rates from forecasts of the ultimate costs they expect to arise from risks they have underwritten during the policy period. Proposed increases in premium
 rates are subject to regulatory approval on a state-by-state basis, and there is a lag between the time that our insurance subsidiaries file for such approval and the date upon which our insurance subsidiaries can implement any such approved
 premium rate increase across their book of business for a product in a particular state. The premium rates our insurance subsidiaries charge may not be sufficient to cover the ultimate losses they incur. Further, our insurance subsidiaries must
 establish reserves for losses and loss expenses as balance sheet liabilities based upon estimates involving actuarial and statistical projections at a given time of what our insurance subsidiaries expect their ultimate liability to be.
 Significant periods of time often elapse between the occurrence of an insured loss, the reporting of the loss and the settlement of that loss. It is possible that our insurance subsidiaries ultimate liability could exceed these estimates because
 of the future development of known losses, the existence of losses that have occurred but are currently unreported and larger than historical settlements of pending and unreported claims. The process of estimating reserves is inherently
 judgmental and can be influenced by a number of factors, including the following:

trends in claim frequency and severity;

changes in operations;

emerging economic and social trends;

economic and social inflation; and

changes in the regulatory and litigation environments.

If our insurance subsidiaries determine that their reserves are insufficient to cover their ultimate liability, they will increase their reserves. An increase in reserves results in an increase in losses and a
 reduction in net income for the period in which our insurance subsidiaries recognize a deficiency in reserves. Accordingly, an increase in reserves may adversely impact the business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations of our
 insurance subsidiaries.

The financial results of our insurance subsidiaries depend primarily on their ability to underwrite risks effectively and to charge adequate rates to policyholders.

The financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of our insurance subsidiaries depend on their ability to underwrite and set rates accurately for a full spectrum of risks across a number of lines of
 insurance. Rate adequacy is necessary to generate sufficient premium to pay losses, loss adjustment expenses and underwriting expenses and to realize a profit.

The ability to underwrite and set rates effectively is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those related to:

-28- 

Index 

the availability of sufficient, reliable data;

the ability to conduct a complete and accurate analysis of available data;

the ability to recognize in a timely manner changes in trends and to project both the severity and frequency of losses with reasonable accuracy;

uncertainties generally inherent in estimates and assumptions;

the ability to project changes in certain operating expense levels with reasonable certainty;

the development, selection and application of appropriate rating formulae or other pricing methodologies;

the effective development, governance and appropriate use of modeling tools to assist with correctly and consistently achieving the intended results in underwriting and pricing;

the ability to innovate with new pricing strategies and the success of those innovations upon implementation;

the ability to secure regulatory approval of premium rates on an adequate and timely basis;

the ability to predict policyholder retention accurately;

unanticipated court decisions, legislation or regulatory action;

unanticipated changes in our claim settlement practices;

changes in driving patterns for auto exposures;

changes in weather patterns for property exposures;

changes in the medical sector of the economy that impact bodily injury loss costs;

changes in new and used car prices, auto repair costs and auto parts prices, including the increasing integration of sophisticated technology-related components;

the impact of emerging technologies, including driver assistance technologies and autonomous vehicles, on pricing, insurance coverages and loss costs;

the impact of inflation and other factors on the cost and availability of construction materials and labor;

the ability to monitor property concentration in catastrophe-prone areas, such as hurricane, earthquake and wind/hail regions; and

the general state of the economy in the states in which our insurance subsidiaries operate.

Such risks may result in our insurance subsidiaries basing their premium rates on inadequate or inaccurate data or inappropriate assumptions or methodologies and may cause our estimates of future changes in the
 frequency or severity of claims to be incorrect. As a result, our insurance subsidiaries could underprice risks, which would negatively affect our margins, or our insurance subsidiaries could overprice risks, which could reduce their premium
 volume and competitiveness. In either event, underpricing or overpricing risks could adversely impact our operating results, financial condition and cash flows.

-29- 

Index 

The pace of innovation within the insurance industry is rapidly increasing, and our insurance subsidiaries may be unable to effectively implement new technologies and anticipate
 changes in customer preferences and insurance needs, which could put our insurance subsidiaries at a competitive disadvantage and adversely affect their future profitability.

Innovation, recent technological developments, changing customer demographics and preferences, societal shifts and emerging technologies are greatly impacting the insurance industry. Our insurance subsidiaries
 compete with much larger insurers that are focused on implementing technology and innovative solutions to select and price risks, enhance the experience of their customers and improve their operations. If our insurance subsidiaries are unable to
 anticipate changes in customer expectations and keep pace with the technological changes their competitors implement, our insurance subsidiaries may not be able to attract and maintain quality accounts, adequately price risks or operate as
 efficiently as their competitors. In addition, emerging technologies such as electric and autonomous vehicles, driver-assistance and accident avoidance features on vehicles, sensor technology and other forms of automation may reduce the future
 need for, or decrease the future pricing of, the insurance products our insurance subsidiaries offer.

Loss or significant restriction of the use of credit scoring in the pricing and underwriting of the personal lines insurance products by our insurance subsidiaries could
 adversely affect their future profitability.

Our insurance subsidiaries use credit scoring as a factor in making risk selection and pricing decisions for personal lines insurance products where allowed by state law. There is increasing regulatory debate as to
 whether use of credit scoring unfairly discriminates against people with low incomes, minority groups and the elderly. Consumer groups and regulators often call for the prohibition or restriction on the use of credit scoring in underwriting and
 pricing. Laws or regulations that significantly curtail the use of credit scoring in the underwriting process could reduce the future profitability of our insurance subsidiaries.

Changes in applicable insurance laws or regulations or changes in the way insurance regulators administer those laws or regulations could adversely affect the operating
 environment of our insurance subsidiaries and increase their exposure to loss or put them at a competitive disadvantage.

Property and casualty insurers are subject to extensive supervision in their domiciliary states and in the states in which they do business. This regulatory oversight includes matters relating to:

licensing and examination;

approval of premium rates;

market conduct;

policy forms;

limitations on the nature and amount of certain investments;

claims practices;

mandated participation in involuntary markets and guaranty funds;

reserve adequacy;

insurer solvency;

transactions between affiliates;

the amount of dividends that insurers may pay; and

restrictions on underwriting standards.

Such regulation and supervision are primarily for the benefit and protection of policyholders rather than stockholders.

The NAIC and state insurance regulators re-examine existing laws and regulations from time to time, specifically focusing on areas such as:

-30- 

Index 

insurance company investments;

issues relating to the solvency of insurance companies;

risk-based capital guidelines;

restrictions on the terms and conditions included in insurance policies;

certain methods of accounting;

reserves for unearned premiums, losses and other purposes;

the values at which insurance companies may carry investment securities and the definition of other-than-temporary impairment of investment securities; and

interpretations of existing laws and the development of new laws.

Changes in state laws and regulations, as well as changes in the way state regulators view related-party transactions in particular, could change the operating environment of our insurance subsidiaries and have an
 adverse effect on their business.

-31- 

Index 

Insurance companies are subject to assessments, based on their market share in a given line of business, to assist in the payment of unpaid claims and related costs of insolvent
 insurance companies. Such assessments could adversely affect the financial condition of our insurance subsidiaries.

Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to assessments pursuant to the guaranty fund laws of the various states in which they conduct business. Generally, under these laws, our insurance subsidiaries can be assessed,
 depending upon the market share of our insurance subsidiaries in a given line of insurance business, to assist in the payment of unpaid claims and related costs of insolvent insurance companies in those states. We cannot predict the number and
 magnitude of future insurance company failures in the states in which our insurance subsidiaries conduct business, but future assessments could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of our insurance
 subsidiaries.

Risks Relating to Us and Our Business

The emergence of COVID-19 has affected the business operations of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual, and economic disruption related to COVID-19 or a future
 pandemic may adversely affect our revenues, profitability, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and financial condition.

During 2020 and 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in significant disruptions in economic activity throughout our operating regions. We cannot predict at this time the ultimate impact that the economic and
 financial disruption related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or any other future pandemic will have on us. Risks related to COVID-19 or a future pandemic include, but are not limited to, the following:

the business operations or a specific operational function of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual could be disrupted by the illness of significant numbers of their employees and remedial efforts that would be required upon
 discovery of exposure to a communicable illness within their facilities;

the business operations of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual are dependent upon technology systems for which regular physical access is required to maintain critical operational capabilities, and the business operations of
 our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual would be adversely impacted by government mandates requiring closure of facilities where those technology systems are located or restricting physical access to such facilities;

the revenues of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual may decrease as a result of reduced demand for their insurance products as economic disruption adversely impacts current and potential insurance customers;

our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual may incur an increase in their losses and loss expenses in certain lines of business as a result of a pandemic and related economic disruption, and such losses and loss expenses may exceed
 the reserves our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual have established or may establish in the future;

our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual may incur increased costs related to legal disputes over policy coverages or exclusions and their defense against litigation related to a pandemic;

legislative, judicial and regulatory actions may expand coverage definitions, retroactively mandate coverage or otherwise require our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual to pay losses for damages that their policies explicitly
 excluded or did not intend to cover;

legislative, judicial and regulatory actions may require our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual to reduce or refund premiums, suspend cancellation of policies for non-payment of premiums or otherwise grant extended grace periods
 and time allowances for the payment of premium balances due to them;

our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual may not be able to collect premium balances due to them, resulting in reduced operating cash flows and an increase in premium write-offs that would increase their operating expenses;

our insurance subsidiaries may suffer declines in the market values of their investments as a result of financial market volatility related to pandemic concerns and related economic disruption; and

economic disruption related to a pandemic could result in significant declines in the credit quality of issuers, ratings downgrades or changes in financial market conditions and regulatory changes that might adversely impact the value
 of the fixed-maturity investments that our insurance subsidiaries own.

-32- 

Index 

Donegal Mutual is our controlling stockholder. Donegal Mutual and its directors and executive officers have potential conflicts of interest between the best interests of our
 stockholders and the best interests of the policyholders of Donegal Mutual.

Donegal Mutual controls the election of all of the members of our board of directors. Six of the eleven members of our board of directors are also directors of Donegal Mutual. Donegal Mutual and we share the same
 executive officers. These common directors and executive officers have a fiduciary duty to our stockholders and also have a fiduciary duty to the policyholders of Donegal Mutual. Among the potential conflicts of interest that could arise from
 these separate fiduciary duties are the following:

we and Donegal Mutual periodically review the percentage participation of Atlantic States and Donegal Mutual in the underwriting pool that Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States have maintained since 1986;

our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual annually review and then establish the terms of certain reinsurance agreements between our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual;

we and Donegal Mutual allocate certain shared expenses among ourselves and our insurance subsidiaries in accordance with various inter-company expense-sharing agreements; and

we and our insurance subsidiaries may enter into other transactions or contractual relationships with Donegal Mutual.

Donegal Mutual has sufficient voting power to determine the outcome of substantially all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval.

Each share of our Class A common stock has one-tenth of a vote per share and generally votes as a single class with our Class B common stock. Each share of our Class B common stock has one vote per share and
 generally votes as a single class with our Class A common stock. Donegal Mutual has the right to vote approximately 71 of the combined voting power of our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock
 and has sufficient voting control to and has acted to:

elect all of the members of our board of directors, who determine our management and policies; and

control the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders for approval, including mergers or other acquisition proposals and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, in each
 case regardless of how all of our stockholders other than Donegal Mutual vote their shares.

The interests of Donegal Mutual in maintaining this greater-than-majority voting control of us may have an adverse effect on the price of our Class A common stock and the price of our Class B common stock because of
 the absence of any potential takeover premium and may, therefore, be inconsistent with the interests of our stockholders other than Donegal Mutual.

-33- 

Index 

Donegal Mutual s majority voting control of us, certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and certain provisions of Delaware law make it
 remote that anyone could acquire actual control of us unless Donegal Mutual were in favor of another person s acquisition of control of us. 

Donegal Mutual s majority voting control of us, certain anti-takeover provisions in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and certain provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, could
 delay or prevent the removal of members of our board of directors and could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving us more expensive as well as unlikely to succeed, even if such events were in the best interests of our
 stockholders other than Donegal Mutual. These factors could also discourage a third party from attempting to acquire control of us. In particular, our certificate of incorporation and by-laws include the following anti-takeover provisions:

our board of directors is classified into three classes, so that our stockholders elect only one-third of the members of our board of directors each year;

our stockholders may remove our directors only for cause;

our stockholders may not take stockholder action except at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders;

the request of stockholders holding at least 20 of the combined voting power of our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock is required for a stockholder to call a special meeting of our stockholders;

our by-laws require that stockholders provide advance notice to us to nominate candidates for election to our board of directors or to propose any other item of stockholder business at a stockholders meeting;

we do not permit cumulative voting rights in the election of our directors;

our certificate of incorporation does not provide for preemptive rights in connection with any issuance of securities by us; and

our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval unless otherwise required by law, preferred stock with such terms as our board of directors may determine.

We have authorized preferred stock that we could issue without stockholder approval to make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us.

We have 2.0 million authorized shares of preferred stock that we could issue in one or more series without further stockholder approval, unless the DGCL or the rules of the NASDAQ Global Select Market otherwise
 require, and upon such terms and conditions, and having such rights, privileges and preferences, as our board of directors may determine. Our potential issuance of preferred stock may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of
 us.

Because we are an insurance holding company, no person can acquire or seek to acquire a 10 or greater interest in us without first obtaining approval of the insurance
 commissioners of the states of domicile of each of our insurance subsidiaries.

We own insurance subsidiaries domiciled in the states of Michigan, Pennsylvania and Virginia, and Donegal Mutual owns or controls insurance companies domiciled in Georgia and New Mexico. The insurance laws of each of
 these states provide that no person can acquire or seek to acquire a 10 or greater interest in us without first filing specified information with the insurance commissioners of those states and obtaining the prior approval of the proposed
 acquisition of a 10 or greater interest in us by each of the state insurance commissioners based on statutory standards designed to protect the safety and soundness of us and our insurance subsidiaries.

-34- 

Index 

Our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual currently conduct business in a limited number of states, with a concentration of business in Pennsylvania, Michigan, Maryland,
 Delaware, Virginia and Georgia. Any single catastrophe occurrence or other condition affecting losses in these states could adversely affect the results of operations of our insurance subsidiaries.

Our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual conduct business in 24 states located primarily in the Mid-Atlantic, Midwestern, New England, Southern and Southwestern states. A substantial portion of their business
 consists of private passenger and commercial automobile, homeowners, commercial multi-peril and workers compensation insurance in Pennsylvania, Michigan, Maryland, Delaware, Virginia and Georgia. While our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal
 Mutual actively manage their respective exposure to catastrophes through their underwriting processes and the purchase of reinsurance, a single catastrophic occurrence, destructive weather pattern, general economic trend, terrorist attack,
 regulatory development or other condition affecting one or more of the states in which our insurance subsidiaries conduct substantial business could materially adversely affect their business, financial condition and results of operations. Common
 catastrophic events include hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, wind and hailstorms, fires and wildfires, explosions and severe winter storms.

If the independent agents who market the products of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual do not maintain their current levels of premium writing with us and Donegal
 Mutual, fail to comply with established underwriting guidelines of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual or otherwise inappropriately market the products of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual, the business, financial condition
 and results of operations of our insurance subsidiaries could be adversely affected.

Our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual market their insurance products solely through a network of approximately 2,300 independent insurance agencies. This agency distribution system is one of the most
 important components of the competitive profile of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual. As a result, our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual depend to a material extent upon their independent agents, each of whom has the authority
 to bind one or more of our insurance subsidiaries or Donegal Mutual to insurance coverage. To the extent that such independent agents marketing efforts fail to result in the maintenance of their current levels of volume and quality or they bind
 our insurance subsidiaries or Donegal Mutual to unacceptable insurance risks, fail to comply with the established underwriting guidelines of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual or otherwise inappropriately market the products of our
 insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual, the business, financial condition and results of operations of our insurance subsidiaries could suffer.

The business of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual may not continue to grow and may be materially adversely affected if our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual
 cannot retain existing, and attract new, independent agents or if insurance consumers increase their use of insurance distribution channels other than independent agents.

The ability of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual to retain existing, and to attract new, independent agents is essential to the continued growth of the business of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal
 Mutual. If independent agents find it easier to do business with the competitors of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual, our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual could find it difficult to retain their existing business or to
 attract new business. While our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual believe they maintain good relationships with the independent agents they have appointed, our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual cannot be certain that these
 independent agents will continue to sell the products of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual to the consumers these independent agents represent. Some of the factors that could adversely affect the ability of our insurance subsidiaries
 and Donegal Mutual to retain existing, and attract new, independent agents include:

the significant competition among insurance companies to attract independent agents;

the labor-intensive and time-consuming process of selecting new independent agents;

the insistence of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual that independent agents adhere to certain standards;

the ability of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual to pay competitive and attractive commissions, bonuses and other incentives to independent agents; and

the ongoing consolidation of independent agencies, which may result in the acquisition of independent agencies from which our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual currently receive business by larger entities with which our
 insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual do not have business relationships.

-35- 

Index 

While our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual sell insurance to policyholders solely through their network of independent agencies, many competitors of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual sell
 insurance through a variety of delivery methods, including independent agencies, captive agencies and direct sales. To the extent that current and potential policyholders change their distribution channel preference, the business, financial
 condition and results of operations of our insurance subsidiaries may be adversely affected.

Dividends from our insurance subsidiaries are the primary source of funds for the payment of our operating expenses and dividends to our stockholders; however, there are
 regulatory restrictions and business considerations that may limit the amount of dividends our insurance subsidiaries may pay to us.

As a holding company, we rely primarily on dividends from our insurance subsidiaries as a source of funds to meet our corporate obligations and to pay dividends to our stockholders. The amount of dividends our
 insurance subsidiaries can pay to us is subject to regulatory restrictions and depends on the amount of surplus our insurance subsidiaries maintain. From time to time, the NAIC and various state insurance regulators consider modifying the method
 of determining the amount of dividends that an insurance company may pay without prior regulatory approval. The maximum amount of ordinary dividends that our insurance subsidiaries can pay to us in 2023 without prior regulatory approval is
 approximately 46.4 million. Other business and regulatory considerations, such as the impact of dividends on surplus that could affect the ratings of our insurance subsidiaries, competitive conditions, RBC requirements, the investment results of
 our insurance subsidiaries and the amount of premiums that our insurance subsidiaries write could also adversely impact the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends to us.

If A.M. Best downgrades the rating it has assigned to Donegal Mutual or any of our insurance subsidiaries, it would adversely affect their competitive position.

Industry ratings are a factor in establishing and maintaining the competitive position of insurance companies. A.M. Best, an industry-accepted source of insurance company financial strength ratings, rates Donegal
 Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries. A.M. Best ratings provide an independent opinion of an insurance company s financial health and its ability to meet its obligations to its policyholders. We believe that the financial strength rating of A.M.
 Best is material to the operations of Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries. For example, certain lenders require customers to purchase insurance from an insurance carrier that has received an A.M. Best rating that exceeds a certain
 level. Currently, Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries each have an A (Excellent) rating from A.M. Best. In March 2022, A.M. Best affirmed its A (Excellent) ratings of Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries. However, if A.M. Best
 were to downgrade the rating of Donegal Mutual or any of our insurance subsidiaries, it would adversely affect the competitive position of Donegal Mutual or that insurance subsidiary and make it more difficult for it to market its products and
 retain its existing policyholders.

The growth and profitability of our insurance subsidiaries depend, in part, on the effective maintenance and ongoing development of Donegal Mutual s information technology
 systems, and the allocation of related costs to our insurance subsidiaries may adversely impact their profitability.

Our insurance subsidiaries utilize Donegal Mutual s information technology systems to conduct their insurance business, including policy quoting and issuance, claims processing, processing of incoming premium
 payments and other important functions. As a result, the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to grow their business and conduct profitable operations depends on Donegal Mutual s ability to maintain its existing information technology systems
 and to develop new technology systems that will support the business of Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries in a cost-efficient manner and provide information technology capabilities equivalent to those of our competitors. The
 allocation among our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual of the costs of developing and maintaining Donegal Mutual s information technology systems may adversely impact our insurance subsidiaries expense ratio and underwriting
 profitability, and such costs may exceed Donegal Mutual s and our expectations.

-36- 

Index 

Donegal Mutual is currently in the midst of a multi-year effort to modernize certain of its key infrastructure and applications systems, and the allocation of related costs to our insurance subsidiaries has resulted
 in an increase to their expense ratio. These new systems are intended to provide various benefits to the member companies of the Donegal Insurance Group, including streamlined workflows and business processes, service enhancements for their
 agents and policyholders, opportunities to implement new product models and innovative business solutions, greater utilization of data analytics and operational efficiencies. Our insurance subsidiaries began to issue workers compensation
 policies from the new systems in the second quarter of 2020 and began to issue personal lines policies from the new systems, including a new personal lines agency portal, in the fourth quarter of 2021. Over the next several years, Donegal Mutual
 expects to implement new systems for the remaining lines of business that the Donegal Insurance Group offers currently, including three commercial lines of business with enhanced straight-through-processing capabilities beginning in the first
 half of 2023. Even with Donegal Mutual's and our best planning and efforts and the involvement of third-party experts, Donegal Mutual may not complete the implementation of these new systems within its planned timeframes or budget. Further,
 Donegal Mutual s information technology systems may not deliver the benefits Donegal Mutual and we expect and may fail to keep pace with our competitors information technology systems. As a result, Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries
 may not have the ability to grow their business and meet their profitability objectives.

Our strategy to grow in part through acquisitions of other insurance companies exposes us to risks that could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

The affiliation with, and acquisition of, other insurance companies involves risks that could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The risks associated with these affiliations and
 acquisitions include:

the potential inadequacy of reserves for losses and loss expenses of the other insurer;

the need to supplement management of the other insurer with additional experienced personnel;

conditions imposed by regulatory agencies that make the realization of cost-savings through integration of the operations of the other insurer with our operations more difficult;

our management's lack of familiarity with the geography, demographics and distribution systems in the markets the other insurer serves that cause the other insurer to fail to meet the growth and profitability objectives we anticipated
 at the time of the acquisition or affiliation;

the need of the other insurer for additional capital that we did not anticipate at the time of the acquisition or affiliation; and

the use of more of our management s time in improving the operations of the other insurer than we originally anticipated.

If we cannot obtain sufficient capital to fund the organic growth of our insurance subsidiaries and to make acquisitions, we may not be able to expand our business.

Our strategy is to expand our business through the organic growth of our insurance subsidiaries and through our strategic acquisitions of regional insurance companies. Our insurance subsidiaries may require
 additional capital in the future to support this strategy. If we cannot obtain sufficient capital on satisfactory terms and conditions, we may not be able to expand the business of our insurance subsidiaries or to make future acquisitions. Our
 ability to obtain additional financing will depend on a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. For example, we may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing because we or our insurance subsidiaries may already
 have substantial debt at the time, because we or our insurance subsidiaries do not have sufficient cash flow to service or repay our existing or additional debt or because financial institutions are not making financing available. In addition,
 any equity capital we obtain in the future could be dilutive to our existing stockholders.

-37- 

Index 

Competition within the property and casualty insurance industry may adversely impact the revenues and profit margins of our insurance subsidiaries.

The property and casualty insurance industry is intensely competitive. Competition can be based on many factors, including:

the perceived financial strength of the insurer;

premium rates;

policy terms and conditions;

policyholder service;

reputation; and

experience.

Our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual compete with many regional and national property and casualty insurance companies, including direct sellers of insurance products, insurers having their own agency
 organizations and other insurers represented by independent agents. Many of these insurers have greater capital than our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual, have substantially greater financial, technical and operating resources, have
 substantially greater exposure and access to potential customers and have equal or higher ratings from A.M. Best than our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual. In addition, our competitors may become increasingly better capitalized in the
 future as the property and casualty insurance industry continues to consolidate.

The greater capitalization of many of the competitors of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual enables them to operate with lower profit margins and, therefore, allows them to market their products more
 aggressively, to take advantage more quickly of new marketing opportunities and to offer lower premium rates. In addition to established insurers, our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual compete with a growing number of start-ups, some of
 which have received substantial infusions of capital, that seek to disrupt traditional business platforms and distribution channels. Our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual may not be able to maintain their current competitive position in
 the markets in which they operate if their competitors offer prices for their products that are lower than the prices our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual are prepared to offer. Moreover, if these competitors lower the price of their
 products and our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual meet their pricing, the profit margins and revenues of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual may decrease and their ratios of claims and expenses to premiums may increase. All of
 these factors could materially adversely affect the financial condition and results of operations of our insurance subsidiaries and their A.M. Best ratings.

-38- 

Index 

The investment portfolios of our insurance subsidiaries consist primarily of fixed-income securities; therefore, the investment income and the fair value of the investment
 portfolios of our insurance subsidiaries could decrease as a result of a number of factors.

Our insurance subsidiaries invest the premiums they receive from their policyholders and maintain investment portfolios that consist primarily of fixed-income securities. The effective management of these investment
 portfolios is an important component of the profitability of our insurance subsidiaries. Our insurance subsidiaries derive a significant portion of their operating income from the income they receive on their invested assets. A number of factors
 may affect the quality and/or yield of their investment portfolios, including the general economic and business environment, government monetary policy, changes in the credit quality of the issuers of the fixed-income securities our insurance
 subsidiaries own, changes in market conditions and regulatory changes. The fixed-income securities our insurance subsidiaries own consist primarily of securities issued by domestic entities that are backed by either the credit or collateral of
 the underlying issuer. Factors such as an economic downturn, disruption in the credit market or the availability of credit, a regulatory change pertaining to a particular issuer s industry, a significant deterioration in the cash flows of the
 issuer or a change in the issuer s marketplace may adversely affect the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to collect principal and interest from the issuer in which they invest.

The investments of our insurance subsidiaries are also subject to risk resulting from interest rate fluctuations. As we experienced when market interest rates increased significantly in 2022, increasing interest
 rates or a widening in the spread between interest rates available on U.S. Treasury securities and corporate debt or asset-backed securities will typically have an adverse impact on the market values of fixed-rate securities. If interest rates
 decline, our insurance subsidiaries will generally have a lower overall rate of return on investments of cash their operations generate. In addition, in the event of the call or maturity of investments in a low interest rate environment, our
 insurance subsidiaries may not be able to reinvest the proceeds in securities with comparable interest rates. Changes in interest rates may reduce both the profitability and the return on the invested capital of our insurance subsidiaries.

We and our insurance subsidiaries depend on key personnel. The loss of any member of our executive management or the senior management of our insurance subsidiaries could
 negatively affect the continuation of our business strategies and achievement of our growth objectives.

The loss of, or failure to attract, key personnel could significantly impede our financial plans, growth, marketing and other objectives and those of our insurance subsidiaries. The continued success of our insurance
 subsidiaries depends to a substantial extent on the ability and experience of their senior management. Our insurance subsidiaries and we believe that our future success is dependent on our ability to attract and retain additional skilled and
 qualified personnel and to expand, train and manage our employees. We and Donegal Mutual have employment agreements with our senior officers, including all of our named executive officers.

The reinsurance agreements on which our insurance subsidiaries rely do not relieve our insurance subsidiaries from their primary liability to their policyholders, and our
 insurance subsidiaries face a risk of non-payment from their reinsurers as well as the non-availability of reinsurance in the future.

Our insurance subsidiaries rely on reinsurance agreements to limit their maximum net loss from large single catastrophic risks or excess of loss risks in areas where our insurance subsidiaries may have a
 concentration of policyholders. Reinsurance also enables our insurance subsidiaries to increase their capacity to write insurance because it has the effect of leveraging the surplus of our insurance subsidiaries. Although the reinsurance our
 insurance subsidiaries maintain provides that the reinsurer is liable to them for any reinsured losses, the reinsurance agreements do not generally relieve our insurance subsidiaries from their primary liability to their policyholders if the
 reinsurer fails to pay the reinsurance claims of our insurance subsidiaries. To the extent that a reinsurer is unable to pay losses for which it is liable to our insurance subsidiaries, our insurance subsidiaries remain liable for such losses. At
 December 31, 2022, our insurance subsidiaries had approximately 148.3 million of reinsurance receivables from third-party reinsurers relating to paid and unpaid losses. Any insolvency or inability of these reinsurers to make timely payments to
 our insurance subsidiaries under the terms of their reinsurance agreements would adversely affect the results of operations of our insurance subsidiaries.

Michigan law requires MICO to provide certain medical benefits under the personal injury protection, or PIP, coverage of the personal automobile and commercial automobile policies it writes in the state of Michigan.
 Michigan law also requires MICO to be a member of the Michigan Catastrophic Claims Association, or MCCA, in order to write automobile insurance. The MCCA receives funding through assessments that its members collect from policyholders in the
 state and provides reinsurance for PIP claims that exceed a set retention. At December 31, 2022, MICO had approximately 60.7 million of reinsurance receivables from MCCA relating to paid and unpaid losses. The MCCA has generated significant
 operating deficits in past years. While the MCCA generated an increase in surplus in recent years, the MCCA board approved the return of a significant portion of its accumulated surplus to policyholders in the form of cash refunds in early 2022.
 Although we currently consider the risk to be remote, should the MCCA be unable to fulfill its payment obligations to MICO in the future, MICO s financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

-39- 

Index 

In addition, our insurance subsidiaries face a risk of the non-availability of reinsurance or an increase in reinsurance costs that could adversely affect their ability to write business or their results of
 operations. Market conditions beyond the control of our insurance subsidiaries, such as the amount of surplus in the reinsurance market and the frequency and severity of natural and man-made catastrophes, affect both the availability and the cost
 of the reinsurance our insurance subsidiaries purchase. If our insurance subsidiaries cannot maintain their current level of reinsurance or purchase new reinsurance protection in amounts that our insurance subsidiaries consider sufficient, our
 insurance subsidiaries would either have to accept an increase in their net risk retention or reduce their insurance writings, either of which could adversely affect them. For example, due to increased reinsurance pricing and reduced reinsurance
 market capacity, our insurance subsidiaries increased their net retentions under several of their reinsurance programs for 2023.

The disruption or failure of Donegal Mutual s information technology systems or the compromise of the security of those systems that results in the theft or misuse of
 confidential information could materially impact adversely the business of Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries.

Our insurance subsidiaries business operations depend significantly upon the availability and successful operation of Donegal Mutual s information technology systems. In addition, in the normal course of their
 operations, Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries collect, utilize and maintain confidential information regarding individuals and businesses. While Donegal Mutual has established various security measures to protect its information
 technology systems and confidential data, unanticipated computer viruses, malware, ransomware, power outages, unauthorized access or other cyberattacks could disrupt those systems or result in the misappropriation or loss of confidential data.
 Donegal Mutual could experience technology system failures or other outages that would impact the availability of its information technology systems. Donegal Mutual has experienced brief disruptions of systems in the past, including those systems
 that allow underwriting and processing of new policies. Disruption in the availability of Donegal Mutual s information technology systems could affect the ability of Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries to underwrite and process their
 policies timely, process and settle claims promptly and provide expected levels of customer service to agents and policyholders.

While Donegal Mutual has identified threats to the security of its information technology systems, Donegal Mutual and we are unaware of any significant breach of the security measures Donegal Mutual maintains. A
 significant breach of the security of Donegal Mutual s information technology systems that results in the misappropriation or misuse of confidential information could damage the business reputation of Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries
 and could expose Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries to litigation. The financial impact to Donegal Mutual, us and our insurance subsidiaries of a significant breach could be material.

Risks Relating to Our Common Stock

The price of our common stock may be adversely affected by its low trading volume.

Our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock have limited liquidity. Reported average daily trading volume for our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock for the year ended December 31, 2022 was
 approximately 73,246 shares and approximately 1,289 shares, respectively. This limited liquidity could subject our shares of Class A common stock and our shares of
 Class B common stock to greater price volatility.

-40- 

Index 

Donegal Mutual s majority voting control of our stock, anti-takeover provisions of our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and certain state laws make it unlikely anyone
 could acquire control of us unless Donegal Mutual were in favor of the acquisition of control.

Donegal Mutual s ownership of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock, certain anti-takeover provisions of our certificate of incorporation and by-laws, certain provisions of Delaware law and the insurance
 laws and regulations of Georgia, Michigan, New Mexico, Pennsylvania and Virginia could delay or prevent the removal of members of our board of directors and could make it more difficult for a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving us to
 succeed, even if our stockholders other than Donegal Mutual believed any of such events would be beneficial to them. These factors could also discourage a third party from attempting to acquire control of us. The classification of our board of
 directors could also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in our control.

In addition, we have 2,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock that we could issue in one or more series without stockholder approval, to the extent applicable law permits, and upon such terms and conditions,
 and having such rights, privileges and preferences, as our board of directors may determine. Our ability to issue preferred stock could make it difficult for a third party to acquire us. We have no current plans to issue any preferred stock.

-41- 

Index 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments.

We have no unresolved written comments from the Securities and Exchange Commission staff regarding our filings under the Exchange Act.

Item 2. 

Properties.

We and our insurance subsidiaries share administrative headquarters with Donegal Mutual in a building in Marietta, Pennsylvania that Donegal Mutual owns. Donegal Mutual allocates to our insurance subsidiaries their
 proportionate share of building-related expenses under a services allocation agreement. The Marietta headquarters has approximately 270,000 square feet of office space. Southern owns a facility of approximately 10,000 square feet in Glen Allen,
 Virginia.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings.

Our insurance subsidiaries are parties to routine litigation that arises in the ordinary course of their insurance business. We believe that the resolution of these lawsuits will not have a material adverse effect on
 the financial condition or results of operations of our insurance subsidiaries. However, regardless of outcome, litigation and related matters could have an adverse impact on us and our insurance subsidiaries due to defense and settlement costs,
 diversion of management resources, negative publicity, reputational harm and other factors.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

-42- 

Index 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Our Class A common stock and Class B common stock trade on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbols DGICA and DGICB, respectively.

At the close of business on March 1, 2023, we had approximately 1,792 holders of record of our Class A common stock and
 approximately 225 holders of record of our Class B common stock.

We declared dividends of 0.66 per share on our Class A common stock and 0.59 per share on our Class B common stock in 2022, compared to 0.64 per share on our Class A common stock and 0.57 per share on our Class B
 common stock in 2021.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.

Between October 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022, Donegal Mutual purchased shares of our Class A common stock as set forth in the table below:

Period

(a) Total Number of 

 Shares (or Units) 

 Purchased

(b) Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit)

(c) Total Number of 

 Shares (or Units) 

 Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs

(d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar 

 Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be 

 Purchased Under the 

 Plans or Programs

Month #1

 October 1-31, 2022

Class A None

 Class B None

Class A None

 Class B None

Class A None

 Class B None

Month #2 

 November 1-30, 2022

Class A 157,148

 Class B None

Class A 15.24

 Class B None

Class A 157,148

 Class B None

(1)

Month #3

 December 1-31, 2022

Class A 102,360

 Class B None

Class A 14.97

 Class B None

Class A 102,360

 Class B None

(1)

Total

Class A 259,508

 Class B None

Class A 15.13

 Class B None

Class A 259,508

 Class B None

(1) 

Donegal Mutual purchased these shares pursuant to its disclosure on April 29, 2022 that it will, at its discretion, purchase shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock at market prices prevailing from time to
 time in the open market subject to the provisions of SEC Rule 10b-18 and in privately negotiated transactions. Such disclosure did not stipulate a maximum number of shares that may be purchased under this program.

-43- 

Index 

Stock Performance Chart.

The following graph provides an indicator of cumulative total stockholder returns on our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock for the period beginning on December 31, 2017 and ending on December 31,
 2022, compared to the Russell 2000 Index and a peer group comprised of six property and casualty insurance companies over the same period. The peer group consists of Cincinnati Financial Corp., Hanover Insurance Group Inc., Horace Mann Educators
 Corp., Kemper Corp., Selective Insurance Group Inc. and United Fire Group Inc. The graph shows the change in value of an initial 100 investment on December 31, 2017, assuming reinvestment of all dividends.

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Donegal Group Inc. Class A

100.00

81.96

92.74

91.80

97.30

101.23

Donegal Group Inc. Class B

100.00

80.44

90.43

87.32

103.58

130.35

Russell 2000

100.00

88.99

111.70

134.00

153.85

122.41

Peer Group

100.00

105.40

132.70

119.87

140.13

135.46

Research Data Group prepared the foregoing performance graph and data. The performance graph and accompanying data shall not be deemed "filed" as part of this Form 10-K Report for purposes of Section 18 of the
 Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section and should not be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing we make under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent we
 specifically incorporate the performance graph and accompanying data by reference into such filing.

Item 6. 

[Reserved]

-44- 

Index 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Overview

Donegal Mutual Insurance Company Donegal Mutual organized us as an insurance holding company on August 26, 1986. See Business - History and Organizational Structure for more information. Our insurance
 subsidiaries, Atlantic States Insurance Company Atlantic States ), Southern Insurance Company of Virginia Southern ), The Peninsula Insurance Company and Peninsula Indemnity Company (collectively, Peninsula ), and Michigan Insurance Company
 MICO and their affiliates write commercial and personal lines of property and casualty coverages exclusively through a network of independent insurance agents in certain Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New England, Southern and Southwestern states.
 The commercial lines products of our insurance subsidiaries consist primarily of commercial automobile, commercial multi-peril and workers compensation policies. The personal lines products of our insurance subsidiaries consist primarily of
 homeowners and private passenger automobile policies.

At December 31, 2022, Donegal Mutual held approximately 43 of our outstanding Class A common stock and approximately 84 of our outstanding Class B common stock. This ownership provides Donegal Mutual with
 approximately 71 of the combined voting power of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock and our outstanding shares of Class B common stock.

Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States have participated in a proportional reinsurance agreement, or pooling agreement, since 1986. Under the pooling agreement, Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States contribute substantially
 all of their respective premiums, losses and loss expenses to the underwriting pool, and the underwriting pool, acting through Donegal Mutual, then allocates 80 of the pooled business to Atlantic States. Thus, Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States
 share the underwriting results of the pooled business in proportion to their respective participation in the underwriting pool. The operations of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual are interrelated due to the pooling agreement and
 other factors. While maintaining the separate corporate existence of each company, our insurance subsidiaries conduct business together with Donegal Mutual and its insurance subsidiaries as the Donegal Insurance Group. The Donegal Insurance Group
 is not a legal entity, is not an insurance company and does not issue or administer insurance policies. Rather, it is a trade name that refers to the group of insurance companies that are affiliated with Donegal Mutual. See Business -
 Relationship with Donegal Mutual for more information regarding the pooling agreement and other transactions with our affiliates.

Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries operate together as the Donegal Insurance Group and share a combined business plan designed to achieve market penetration and underwriting profitability objectives.
 The products our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual offer are generally complementary, thereby allowing Donegal Insurance Group to offer a broader range of products to a given market and to expand Donegal Insurance Group s ability to
 service an entire personal lines or commercial lines account. Distinctions within the products of Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries generally relate to specific risk profiles targeted within similar classes of business, such as
 preferred tier products compared to standard tier products, but we do not allocate all of the standard risk gradients to one company. Therefore, the underwriting profitability of the business the individual companies write directly will vary.
 However, because the pool homogenizes the risk characteristics of the predominant percentage of the business Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States write directly and each company shares the underwriting results according to each company s
 participation percentage, each company realizes its percentage share of the underwriting results of the pool.

Donegal Mutual completed the merger of Mountain States Mutual Casualty Company, or Mountain States, with and into Donegal Mutual effective May 25, 2017. Donegal Mutual was the surviving company in the merger, and
 Mountain States insurance subsidiaries, Mountain States Indemnity Company and Mountain States Commercial Insurance Company (collectively, the Mountain States insurance subsidiaries ), became insurance subsidiaries of Donegal Mutual upon
 completion of the merger. Upon completion of the merger, Donegal Mutual assumed all of the policy obligations of Mountain States and began to market its products together with the Mountain States insurance subsidiaries as the Mountain States
 Insurance Group in four Southwestern states. Donegal Mutual also entered into a 100 quota-share reinsurance agreement with the Mountain States insurance subsidiaries on the merger date. Beginning with policies effective in 2021, Donegal Mutual
 began to place the business of the Mountain States Insurance Group into the underwriting pool. As a result, our consolidated financial results through December 31, 2020 excluded the results of the Mountain States Insurance Group operations in
 those Southwestern states.

-45- 

Index 

In July 2013, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program pursuant to which we have the authority to purchase up to 500,000 additional shares of our Class A common stock at prices prevailing from
 time to time in the open market subject to the provisions of the SEC Rule 10b-18 and in privately negotiated transactions. We did not purchase any shares of our Class A common stock under this program during 2022 or 2021. We have purchased a
 total of 57,658 shares of our Class A common stock under this program from its inception through December 31, 2022.

On April 29, 2022, Donegal Mutual disclosed that it will, at its discretion, purchase shares of our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock at market prices prevailing from time to time in the open market
 subject to the provisions of SEC Rule 10b-18 and in privately negotiated transactions. Such disclosure did not stipulate a maximum number of shares that may be purchased under this program. During 2022, Donegal Mutual purchased 1,035,778 shares
 of our Class A common stock and 54,231 shares of our Class B common stock.

In accordance with Section 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are no longer a smaller reporting company as of December 31, 2022. However, under Item 10(f)(2)(i) of Regulation S-K, we are permitted to avail ourselves of
 the scaled disclosure requirements available to smaller reporting companies in this Form 10-K Report. Having ceased to be a smaller reporting company, we will no longer be able to avail ourselves of such scaled disclosure beginning with our
 quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2023. We have historically not availed ourselves of most aspects of such scaled disclosure and do not expect any material increase in financial or legal expenses for
 additional disclosure requirements as a result of the change in status.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

We combine our financial statements with those of our insurance subsidiaries and present them on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.

Our insurance subsidiaries make estimates and assumptions that can have a significant effect on amounts and disclosures we report in our financial statements. The most significant estimates relate to the reserves of
 our insurance subsidiaries for property and casualty insurance unpaid losses and loss expenses. While we believe our estimates and the estimates of our insurance subsidiaries are appropriate, the ultimate amounts may differ from the estimates we
 provided. We regularly review our methods for making these estimates, and we reflect any adjustment we consider necessary in our results of operations for the period in which we make an adjustment.

Liability for Losses and Loss Expenses

Liabilities for losses and loss expenses are estimates at a given point in time of the amounts an insurer expects to pay with respect to incurred policyholder claims based on facts and circumstances the insurer
 knows at that point in time. For example, legislative, judicial and regulatory actions may expand coverage definitions, retroactively mandate coverage or otherwise require our insurance subsidiaries to pay losses for damages that their policies
 explicitly excluded or did not intend to cover. At the time of establishing its estimates, an insurer recognizes that its ultimate liability for losses and loss expenses will exceed or be less than such estimates. Our insurance subsidiaries base
 their estimates of liabilities for losses and loss expenses on assumptions as to future loss trends, expected claims severity, judicial theories of liability and other factors. However, during the loss adjustment period, our insurance
 subsidiaries may learn additional facts regarding individual claims, and, consequently, it often becomes necessary for our insurance subsidiaries to refine and adjust their estimates for these liabilities. We reflect any adjustments to the
 liabilities for losses and loss expenses of our insurance subsidiaries in our consolidated results of operations in the period in which our insurance subsidiaries make adjustments to their estimates.

-46- 

Index 

Our insurance subsidiaries maintain liabilities for the payment of losses and loss expenses with respect to both reported and unreported claims. Our insurance subsidiaries establish these liabilities for the
 purpose of covering the ultimate costs of settling all losses, including investigation and litigation costs. Our insurance subsidiaries base the amount of their liability for reported losses primarily upon a case-by-case evaluation of the type of
 risk involved, knowledge of the circumstances surrounding each claim and the insurance policy provisions relating to the type of loss the policyholder incurred. Our insurance subsidiaries determine the amount of their liability for unreported
 claims and loss expenses on the basis of historical information by line of insurance. Our insurance subsidiaries account for inflation in the reserving function through analysis of costs and trends and reviews of historical reserving results. Our
 insurance subsidiaries monitor their liabilities closely and recompute them periodically using new information on reported claims and a variety of statistical techniques. Our insurance subsidiaries do not discount their liabilities for losses and
 loss expenses.

Reserve estimates can change over time because of unexpected changes in assumptions related to our insurance subsidiaries external environment and, to a lesser extent, assumptions related to our insurance
 subsidiaries internal operations. For example, our insurance subsidiaries have experienced an increase in claims severity and a lengthening of the claim settlement periods on bodily injury claims during the past several years. In addition, the
 COVID-19 pandemic and related government mandates and restrictions resulted in various changes from historical claims reporting and settlement trends during 2020 and resulted in significant increases in loss costs in 2021 and 2022 due to a number
 of factors, including supply chain disruption, higher new and used automobile values, increases in the cost of replacement automobile parts and rising labor rates. These trend changes give rise to greater uncertainty as to the pattern of future
 loss settlements. Related uncertainties regarding future trends include social inflation, availability and cost of replacement automobile parts and building materials, availability of skilled labor, the rate of plaintiff attorney involvement in
 claims and the cost of medical technologies and procedures. Assumptions related to our insurance subsidiaries external environment include the absence of significant changes in tort law and the legal environment that increase liability exposure,
 consistency in judicial interpretations of insurance coverage and policy provisions and the rate of loss cost inflation. Internal assumptions include consistency in the recording of premium and loss statistics, consistency in the recording of
 claims, payment and case reserving methodology, accurate measurement of the impact of rate changes and changes in policy provisions, consistency in the quality and characteristics of business written within a given line of business and
 consistency in reinsurance coverage and collectability of reinsured losses, among other items. To the extent our insurance subsidiaries determine that underlying factors impacting their assumptions have changed, our insurance subsidiaries make
 adjustments in their reserves that they consider appropriate for such changes. Accordingly, our insurance subsidiaries ultimate liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses will likely differ from the amount recorded at December 31, 2022. For
 every 1 change in our insurance subsidiaries loss and loss expense reserves, net of reinsurance recoverable, the effect on our pre-tax results of operations would be approximately 6.7 million.

The establishment of appropriate liabilities is an inherently uncertain process and we can provide no assurance that our insurance subsidiaries ultimate liability will not exceed our insurance subsidiaries loss
 and loss expense reserves and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, we cannot predict the timing, frequency and extent of adjustments to our insurance subsidiaries estimated future liabilities,
 because the historical conditions and events that serve as a basis for our insurance subsidiaries estimates of ultimate claim costs may change. As is the case for substantially all property and casualty insurance companies, our insurance
 subsidiaries have found it necessary in the past to increase their estimated future liabilities for losses and loss expenses in certain periods and, in other periods, their estimated future liabilities for losses and loss expenses have exceeded
 their actual liabilities for losses and loss expenses. Changes in our insurance subsidiaries estimates of their liability for losses and loss expenses generally reflect actual payments and their evaluation of information received subsequent to
 the prior reporting period.

Our insurance subsidiaries recognized a decrease in their liability for losses and loss expenses of prior years of 44.8 million, 31.2 million and 12.9 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our insurance
 subsidiaries made no significant changes in their reserving philosophy or claims management personnel, and they have made no significant offsetting changes in estimates that increased or decreased their loss and loss expense reserves in those
 years. The 2022 development represented 7.2 of the December 31, 2021 net carried reserves and resulted primarily from lower-than-expected loss emergence in the personal automobile and commercial automobile lines of business for accident years
 prior to 2022. The majority of the 2022 development related to decreases in the liability for losses and loss expenses of prior years for Atlantic States and MICO. The 2021 development represented 5.6 of the December 31, 2020 net carried
 reserves and resulted primarily from lower-than-expected loss emergence in the personal automobile, workers compensation and commercial automobile lines of business for accident years prior to 2021. The majority of the 2021 development related
 to decreases in the liability for losses and loss expenses of prior years for Atlantic States and MICO. The 2020 development represented 2.6 of the December 31, 2019 net carried reserves and resulted primarily from lower-than-expected severity
 in the workers compensation and personal automobile lines of business, partially offset by higher-than-expected severity in the commercial automobile and commercial multi-peril lines of business, for accident years prior to 2020. The majority of
 the 2020 development related to decreases in the liability for losses and loss expenses of prior years for Atlantic States and MICO.

-47- 

Index 

Excluding the impact of severe weather events and the COVID-19 pandemic, our insurance subsidiaries have noted stable amounts in the number of claims incurred and the number of claims outstanding at period ends
 relative to their premium base in recent years across most of their lines of business. However, the amount of the average claim outstanding has increased gradually over the past several years due to various factors such as rising medical loss
 costs and increased litigation trends. We have also experienced a general slowing of settlement rates in litigated claims. Our insurance subsidiaries could have to make further adjustments to their estimates in the future. However, on the basis
 of our insurance subsidiaries internal procedures, which analyze, among other things, their prior assumptions, their experience with similar cases and historical trends such as reserving patterns, loss payments, pending levels of unpaid claims
 and product mix, as well as court decisions, economic conditions and public attitudes, we believe that our insurance subsidiaries have made adequate provision for their liability for losses and loss expenses.

Atlantic States participation in the pool with Donegal Mutual exposes Atlantic States to adverse loss development on the business of Donegal Mutual that the pool includes. However, pooled business represents the
 predominant percentage of the net underwriting activity of both companies, and Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States share proportionately any adverse risk development relating to the pooled business. The business in the pool is homogeneous and each
 company has a pro-rata share of the entire pool. Since the predominant percentage of the business of Atlantic States and Donegal Mutual is pooled and the results shared by each company according to its participation level under the terms of the
 pooling agreement, the intent of the underwriting pool is to produce a more uniform and stable underwriting result from year to year for each company than either would experience individually and to spread the risk of loss between the companies.

-48- 

Index 

Our insurance subsidiaries liability for losses and loss expenses by major line of business at December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following:

2022

2021

(in thousands)

Commercial lines:

Automobile

174,833 

172,302 

Workers compensation

120,539

122,398

Commercial multi-peril

203,567

168,445

Other

23,071

18,530

Total commercial lines

522,010

481,675

Personal lines:

Automobile

108,715

109,915

Homeowners

28,481

26,169

Other

10,656

8,600

Total personal lines

147,852

144,684

Total commercial and personal lines

669,862

626,359

Plus reinsurance recoverable

451,184

451,261

Total liability for losses and loss expenses

1,121,046 

1,077,620 

We have evaluated the effect on our insurance subsidiaries loss and loss expense reserves and our stockholders equity in the event of reasonably likely changes in the variables we consider in establishing loss and
 loss expense reserves. We established the range of reasonably likely changes based on a review of changes in accident year development by line of business and applied it to our insurance subsidiaries loss reserves as a whole. The selected range
 does not necessarily indicate what could be the potential best or worst case or the most-likely scenario. The following table sets forth the effect on our insurance subsidiaries loss and loss expense reserves and our stockholders equity in the
 event of reasonably likely changes in the variables considered in establishing loss and loss expense reserves:

Change in Loss and Loss 

 Expense Reserves Net of 

 Reinsurance

Adjusted Loss and Loss 

 Expense Reserves Net of 

 Reinsurance at 

 December 31, 2022

Percentage Change in 

 Equity at December 31, 

 2022(1)

Adjusted Loss and Loss 

 Expense Reserves Net of 

 Reinsurance at 

 December 31, 2021

Percentage Change in 

 Equity at 

 December 31, 2021(1)

(dollars in thousands)

-10.0 

602,876

10.9 

563,723

9.3 

-7.5

619,622

8.2

579,382

7.0

-5.0

636,369

5.5

595,041

4.7

-2.5

653,115

2.7

610,700

2.3

Base

669,862

626,359

2.5

686,609

-2.7

642,018

-2.3

5.0

703,355

-5.5

657,677

-4.7

7.5

720,102

-8.2

673,336

-7.0

10.0

736,848

-10.9

688,995

-9.3

(1) Net of income tax effect.

-49- 

Index 

Our insurance subsidiaries base their reserves for unpaid losses and loss expenses on current trends in loss and loss expense development and reflect their best estimates for future amounts needed to pay losses and
 loss expenses with respect to incurred events currently known to them plus incurred but not reported IBNR claims. Our insurance subsidiaries develop their reserve estimates based on an assessment of known facts and circumstances, review of
 historical loss settlement patterns, estimates of trends in claims severity, frequency, legal and regulatory changes and other assumptions. Our insurance subsidiaries consistently apply actuarial loss reserving techniques and assumptions, which
 rely on historical information as adjusted to reflect current conditions, including consideration of recent case reserve activity. Our insurance subsidiaries use the point estimate their actuaries select. For

the year ended December 31, 2022, the actuaries developed a range from a low of 621.6 million to a high of 721.6 million and selected a point estimate of 669.9 million. The actuaries range of estimates for commercial lines in 2022 was 486.4
 million to 560.5 million, and the actuaries selected a point estimate of 522.0 million. The actuaries range of estimates for personal lines in 2022 was 135.2 million to 161.1 million, and the actuaries selected a point estimate of 147.9
 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the actuaries developed a range from a low of 575.7 million to a high of 681.5 million and selected a point estimate of 626.4 million. The actuaries range
 of estimates for commercial lines in 2021 was 442.8 million to 524.0 million, and the actuaries selected a point estimate of 481.7 million. The actuaries range of estimates for personal lines in 2021 was 132.9 million to 157.5 million, and
 the actuaries selected a point estimate of 144.7 million.

Our insurance subsidiaries seek to enhance their underwriting results by carefully selecting the product lines they underwrite. For personal lines products, our insurance subsidiaries insure standard and preferred
 risks in private passenger automobile and homeowners lines. For commercial lines products, the commercial risks that our insurance subsidiaries primarily insure are business offices, wholesalers, service providers, contractors, artisans and light
 manufacturing operations. Our insurance subsidiaries have limited exposure to asbestos and other environmental liabilities. Through the consistent application of this disciplined underwriting philosophy, our insurance subsidiaries have avoided
 many of the long-tail issues other insurance companies have faced. We consider workers compensation to be a long-tail line of business, in that workers compensation claims tend to be settled over a longer time frame than those in the other
 lines of business of our insurance subsidiaries.

The following table presents 2022 and 2021 claim count and payment amount information for workers compensation. Workers compensation losses primarily consist of indemnity and medical costs for injured workers.

For the Year Ended December 31,

(dollars in thousands)

2022

2021

Number of claims pending, beginning of period

3,336

2,898

Number of claims reported

6,683

6,883

Number of claims settled or dismissed

6,653

6,445

Number of claims pending, end of period

3,366

3,336

Losses paid

55,809 

50,664 

Loss expenses paid

12,062

10,067

Management Evaluation of Operating Results

Despite challenging insurance market conditions and increasing property and casualty loss severity trends that affected our results in recent years, we believe that our focused business strategy, including our
 insurance subsidiaries ongoing implementation of premium rate increases and refinements to their disciplined underwriting practices, have positioned us well for 2023 and beyond.

Because our insurance subsidiaries do not prepare GAAP financial statements, we evaluate the performance of our commercial lines and personal lines segments utilizing statutory accounting practices SAP ), which
 include financial measures that reflect the growth trends and underwriting results of our insurance subsidiaries.

-50- 

Index 

We use the following financial data to monitor and evaluate our operating results:

Year Ended December 31,

(in thousands)

2022

2021

2020

Net premiums written:

Commercial lines:

Automobile

167,774 

161,947 

135,294 

Workers compensation

111,892

113,256

109,960

Commercial multi-peril

200,045

188,242

147,993

Other

40,086

38,340

32,739

Total commercial lines

519,797

501,785

425,986

Personal lines:

Automobile

181,129

170,578

184,602

Homeowners

120,087

109,974

111,886

Other

22,517

21,930

19,666

Total personal lines

323,733

302,482

316,154

Total net premiums written

843,530 

804,267 

742,140 

Components of combined ratio:

Loss ratio

68.6 

67.1 

62.0 

Expense ratio

34.1

33.3

33.0

Dividend ratio

0.6

0.6

1.0

Combined ratio

103.3 

101.0 

96.0 

Revenues:

Net premiums earned:

Commercial lines

510,153 

468,433 

412,877 

Personal lines

312,337

307,582

329,163

Total net premiums earned

822,490

776,015

742,040

Net investment income

34,016

31,126

29,504

Investment (losses) gains

(10,185

6,477

2,778

Other

1,900

2,848

3,497

Total revenues

848,221 

816,466 

777,819 

Year Ended December 31,

(in thousands)

2022

2021

2020

Components of net (loss) income:

Underwriting (loss) income:

Commercial lines

(22,665 

(35,174 

(858 

Personal lines

(13,506

17,235

31,764

SAP underwriting (loss) income

(36,171

(17,939

30,906

GAAP adjustments

8,667

9,945

(959

GAAP underwriting (loss) income

(27,504

(7,994

29,947

Net investment income

34,016

31,126

29,504

Investment (losses) gains

(10,185

6,477

2,778

Other

35

730

1,043

(Loss) income before income tax (benefit) expense

(3,638

30,339

63,272

Income tax (benefit) expense

(1,679

5,085

10,457

Net (loss) income

(1,959 

25,254 

52,815 

-51- 

Index 

Non-GAAP Information

We prepare our consolidated financial statements on the basis of GAAP. Our insurance subsidiaries prepare financial statements based on SAP. SAP financial measures are considered non-GAAP financial measures under
 applicable SEC rules because the SAP financial measures include or exclude certain items that the most comparable GAAP financial measures do not ordinarily include or exclude. Our calculation of non-GAAP financial measures may differ from similar
 measures other companies use. As a result, investors should exercise caution when comparing our non-GAAP financial measures to the non-GAAP financial measures other companies use. The SAP financial measures we utilize are net premiums written and
 statutory combined ratio.

Net Premiums Written

We define net premiums written as the amount of full-term premiums our insurance subsidiaries record for policies effective within a given period less premiums our insurance subsidiaries cede to reinsurers. Net
 premiums earned is the most comparable GAAP financial measure to net premiums written. Net premiums earned represent the sum of the amount of net premiums written and the change in net unearned premiums during a given period. Our insurance
 subsidiaries earn premiums and recognize them as revenue over the terms of their policies, which are one year or less in duration. Therefore, increases or decreases in net premiums earned generally reflect increases or decreases in net premiums
 written in the preceding 12-month period compared to the comparable period one year earlier.

The following table provides a reconciliation of our net premiums earned to our net premiums written for 2022, 2021 and 2020:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Net premiums earned

822,489,450 

776,015,201 

742,040,339 

Change in net unearned premiums

21,039,149

28,251,308

99,554

Net premiums written

843,528,599 

804,266,509 

742,139,893 

The increase in the change in net unearned premiums for 2021 compared to 2020 primarily reflects the inclusion of the business of the Mountain States Insurance Group in the underwriting pool beginning with policies
 effective in 2021.

Statutory Combined Ratio

The combined ratio is a standard measurement of underwriting profitability for an insurance company. The combined ratio does not reflect investment income, net investment gains or losses,
 federal income taxes or other non-operating income or expense. A combined ratio of less than 100 generally indicates underwriting profitability.

The statutory combined ratio is a non-GAAP financial measure that is based upon amounts determined under SAP. We calculate our statutory combined ratio as the sum of:

the statutory loss ratio, which is the ratio of calendar-year net incurred losses and loss expenses to net premiums earned;

the statutory expense ratio, which is the ratio of expenses incurred for net commissions, premium taxes and underwriting expenses to net premiums written; and

the statutory dividend ratio, which is the ratio of dividends to holders of workers compensation policies to net premiums earned.

The calculation of our statutory combined ratio differs from the calculation of our GAAP combined ratio. In calculating our GAAP combined ratio, we do not deduct installment payment fees from
 incurred expenses, and we base the expense ratio on net premiums earned instead of net premiums written. Differences between our GAAP loss ratio and our statutory loss ratio result from anticipating salvage and subrogation recoveries for our GAAP
 loss ratio but not for our statutory loss ratio.

-52- 

Index 

The following table presents comparative details with respect to our GAAP and statutory combined ratios for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

GAAP Combined Ratios (Total Lines)

Loss ratio (non-weather)

60.9 

61.3 

55.1 

Loss ratio (weather-related)

7.7

5.8

6.9

Expense ratio

34.1

33.3

33.0

Dividend ratio

0.6

0.6

1.0

Combined ratio

103.3 

101.0 

96.0 

Statutory Combined Ratios

Commercial lines:

Automobile

98.0 

108.6 

112.7 

Workers compensation

97.3

94.6

86.3

Commercial multi-peril

116.9

114.1

98.4

Other

80.8

77.5

74.0

Total commercial lines

103.7

104.9

97.8

Personal lines:

Automobile

103.8

94.4

91.3

Homeowners

111.0

102.9

97.2

Other

52.1

49.3

74.9

Total personal lines

102.8

94.4

92.4

Total commercial and personal lines

103.3

100.8

95.4

-53- 

Index 

Results of Operations

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021

Net Premiums Earned

Our insurance subsidiaries net premiums earned increased to 822.5 million for 2022, an increase of 46.5 million, or 6.0 , compared to 2021, primarily reflecting solid
 premium retention and renewal premium increases. Our insurance subsidiaries earn premiums and recognize them as income over the terms of the policies they issue. Such terms are generally one year or less in duration. Therefore, increases or
 decreases in net premiums earned generally reflect increases or decreases in net premiums written in the preceding twelve-month period compared to the same period one year earlier.

Net Premiums Written

Our insurance subsidiaries 2022 net premiums written increased 4.9 to 843.5 million, compared to 804.3 million for 2021. Commercial lines net premiums written increased 18.0 million, or 3.6 , for 2022 compared
 to 2021. We attribute the increase in commercial lines net premiums written primarily to modest new business writings, strong premium retention and a continuation of renewal premium increases in lines other than workers compensation, offset
 partially by planned attrition in regions we have targeted for profit improvement. Personal lines net premiums written increased 21.3 million, or 7.0 , for 2022 compared to 2021. We attribute the increase in personal lines net premiums written
 primarily to renewal premium increases, strong policy retention and new business writings in certain states where we have introduced an updated suite of products.

-54- 

Index 

Investment Income

For 2022, our net investment income increased 9.3 to 34.0 million, compared to 31.1 million for 2021, due primarily to higher average reinvestment yields and higher average invested assets for 2022 compared to
 2021.

Net Investment (Losses) Gains

Our net investment losses for 2022 were 10.2 million. Our net investment gains for 2021 were 6.5 million. The net investment (losses) gains for 2022 and 2021 were primarily related to (decreases) increases in
 unrealized (losses) gains within our equity securities portfolio. We did not recognize any impairment losses during 2022 or 2021.

Losses and Loss Expenses

Our insurance subsidiaries loss ratio, which is the ratio of incurred losses and loss expenses to premiums earned, was 68.6 for 2022, compared to 67.1 for 2021. Our insurance subsidiaries commercial lines loss
 ratio decreased to 67.1 for 2022, compared to 68.6 for 2021. This decrease resulted primarily from the commercial automobile loss ratio decreasing to 64.2 for 2022, compared to 75.0 for 2021. The personal lines loss ratio increased to 71.0 
 for 2022, compared to 64.8 for 2021. The personal automobile loss ratio increased to 72.1 for 2022, compared to 65.6 for 2021, primarily due to an increase in automobile claim severity due to the ongoing impact of supply chain disruption and
 labor shortages on the costs of repair and replacement vehicles. The homeowners loss ratio increased to 76.1 for 2022, compared to 69.6 for 2021, primarily due to increased average claim severity due to the ongoing impact of supply chain
 disruption and labor shortages on repair and replacement costs for homes. Our insurance subsidiaries experienced favorable loss reserve development of approximately 44.8 million, or 5.4 percentage points
 of the loss ratio, during 2022 in their reserves for prior accident years, compared to approximately 31.2 million, or 4.0 percentage points of the loss ratio, during 2021. The favorable loss reserve development in 2022 resulted primarily from
 lower-than-expected loss emergence in the personal automobile and commercial automobile lines of business for accident years prior to 2022. Weather-related losses of 63.5 million, or 7.7 percentage points of the loss ratio, for 2022 increased
 from 45.3 million, or 5.8 percentage points of the loss ratio, for 2021, with the increase primarily impacting the commercial multi-peril line of business. Large fire losses, which we define as individual fire losses in excess of 50,000, were
 53.5 million, or 6.5 percentage points of the loss ratio, for 2022, compared to 45.6 million, or 5.9 percentage points of the loss ratio, for 2021. The increase was related to increased average claim severity of both commercial property and
 home fires in 2022 compared to 2021, which we attribute in part to inflationary repair cost increases.

Underwriting Expenses

Our insurance subsidiaries expense ratio, which is the ratio of policy acquisition and other underwriting expenses to premiums earned, was 34.1 for 2022, compared to 33.3 for 2021. We attribute the modest increase
 to higher technology system-related expenses for 2022 compared to 2021, offset somewhat by lower commercial growth incentive costs for our agents and decreased underwriting-based incentive costs for our employees for 2022 compared to 2021. The
 increase in technology systems-related expenses for 2022 was primarily due to an increased allocation of costs from Donegal Mutual to our insurance subsidiaries following the successful implementation of the second phase of our ongoing systems
 modernization project in August 2021.

-55- 

Index 

Policyholder Dividends

Our insurance subsidiaries pay policyholder dividends primarily on workers' compensation policies on a sliding scale based on the profitability of a given policy.

Combined Ratio

Our insurance subsidiaries combined ratio was 103.3 and 101.0 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The combined ratio represents the sum of the loss ratio, the expense ratio and the dividend ratio, which is the ratio
 of workers compensation policy dividends incurred to premiums earned. We attribute the increase in our combined ratio primarily to the increase in the loss ratio.

Interest Expense

Our interest expense for 2022 decreased to 620,558, compared to 895,605 for 2021. We attribute the decrease to lower average borrowings under our lines of credit during 2022 compared to 2021.

-56- 

Index 

Income Taxes

Our income tax benefit was 1.7 million for 2022, compared to income tax expense of 5.1 million for 2021. Our effective tax rate for 2021 was 16.8 .

Net (Loss) Income and (Loss) Earnings Per Share

Our net loss for 2022 was 2.0 million, or .06 per share of Class A common stock and .07 per share of Class B common stock, compared to net income for 2021 of 25.3 million, or 0.83 per share of Class A common
 stock on a diluted basis and 0.74 per share of Class B common stock. We had 27.1 million and 25.8 million Class A shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We had 5.6 million Class B shares outstanding for both periods.
 There are no outstanding securities that dilute our shares of Class B common stock.

Book Value Per Share

Our stockholders equity decreased by 47.4 million during 2022, primarily due to 45.4 million of after-tax unrealized losses within our available-for-sale fixed-maturity portfolio, resulting in a decrease in our
 book value per share to 14.79 at December 31, 2022, compared to 16.95 a year earlier.

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020

Net Premiums Earned

Our insurance subsidiaries net premiums earned increased to 776.0 million for 2021, an increase of 34.0 million, or 4.6 , compared to 2020, primarily reflecting the
 inclusion of the business of the Mountain States Insurance Group in the underwriting pool beginning with policies effective in 2021, as well solid premium retention and renewal premium increases. Our insurance subsidiaries earn premiums and
 recognize them as income over the terms of the policies they issue. Such terms are generally one year or less in duration. Therefore, increases or decreases in net premiums earned generally reflect increases or decreases in net premiums written
 in the preceding twelve-month period compared to the same period one year earlier.

Net Premiums Written

Our insurance subsidiaries 2021 net premiums written increased 8.4 to 804.3 million, compared to 742.1 million for 2020. Commercial lines net premiums written increased 75.8 million, or 17.8 , for 2021 compared
 to 2020. We attribute the increase in commercial lines net premiums written primarily to the inclusion of the business of the Mountain States Insurance Group in the underwriting pool beginning with policies effective in 2021, as well as solid 
 premium retention and renewal premium increases. Personal lines net premiums written decreased 13.7 million, or 4.3 , for 2021 compared to 2020. We attribute the decrease in personal lines net premiums written primarily to net attrition as a
 result of measures our insurance subsidiaries implemented to improve underwriting profitability, partially offset by the impact of premium rate increases.

Investment Income

For 2021, our net investment income increased to 31.1 million, compared to 29.5 million for 2020, due primarily to higher average invested assets for 2021 compared to 2020.

Net Investment Gains

Our net investment gains for 2021 and 2020 were 6.5 million and 2.8 million, respectively. The net investment gains for 2021 and 2020 were primarily related to increases in unrealized gains within our equity
 securities portfolio. We did not recognize any impairment losses during 2021 or 2020.

-57- 

Index 

Losses and Loss Expenses

Our insurance subsidiaries loss ratio, which is the ratio of incurred losses and loss expenses to premiums earned, was 67.1 for 2021, compared to 62.0 for 2020. Our insurance subsidiaries commercial lines loss
 ratio increased to 68.6 for 2021, compared to 63.9 for 2020. This increase resulted primarily from the workers compensation loss ratio increasing to 57.7 for 2021, compared to 51.1 for 2020, and the commercial multi-peril loss ratio
 increasing to 76.9 for 2021, compared to 65.9 for 2020. The personal lines loss ratio increased to 64.8 for 2021, compared to 59.5 for 2020. The personal automobile loss ratio increased to 65.6 for 2021, compared to 60.1 for 2020, primarily
 due to an increase in automobile claim frequency as driving activity generally returned to pre-pandemic levels. The homeowners loss ratio increased to 69.6 for 2021, compared to 61.8 for 2020. Our insurance subsidiaries experienced favorable
 loss reserve development of approximately 31.2 million, or 4.0 percentage points of the loss ratio, during 2021 in their reserves for prior accident years, compared to favorable loss reserve development of
 approximately 12.9 million, or 1.7 percentage points of the loss ratio, during 2020. The favorable loss reserve development in 2021 resulted primarily from lower-than-expected loss emergence in the personal automobile, workers compensation and
 commercial automobile lines of business for accident years prior to 2021. Weather-related losses of 45.3 million, or 5.8 percentage points of the loss ratio, for 2021 decreased from 51.4 million, or 6.9 percentage points of the loss ratio, for
 2020, with the decrease primarily impacting the commercial multi-peril line of business. Large fire losses, which we define as individual fire losses in excess of 50,000, were 45.6 million, or 5.9 percentage points of the loss ratio, for 2021,
 compared to 22.8 million, or 3.1 percentage points of the loss ratio, for 2020. The significant increase was related to a higher incidence of both commercial property and home fires in 2021 compared to 2020.

Underwriting Expenses

Our insurance subsidiaries expense ratio, which is the ratio of policy acquisition and other underwriting expenses to premiums earned, was 33.3 for 2021, compared to 33.0 for 2020. We attribute the modest increase
 to higher technology system-related expenses for 2021 compared to 2020, offset somewhat by lower commercial growth incentive costs for our agents and decreased underwriting-based incentive costs for our agents and employees for 2021 compared to
 2020. The increase in technology systems-related expenses for 2021 was primarily due to an increased allocation of costs from Donegal Mutual to our insurance subsidiaries following the successful implementation of the second phase of our ongoing
 systems modernization project in August 2021.

Policyholder Dividends

Our insurance subsidiaries pay policyholder dividends primarily on workers' compensation policies on a sliding scale based on the profitability of a given policy. We attribute the decrease in dividends incurred for
 2021 compared to 2020 to a modest decline in the profitability of the workers' compensation line of business over the respective periods to which the dividends applied.

Combined Ratio

Our insurance subsidiaries combined ratio was 101.0 and 96.0 for 2021 and 2020, respectively. The combined ratio represents the sum of the loss ratio, the expense ratio and the dividend ratio, which is the ratio
 of workers compensation policy dividends incurred to premiums earned. We attribute the increase in our combined ratio primarily to the increase in the loss ratio.

Interest Expense

Our interest expense for 2021 decreased to 895,605, compared to 1.2 million for 2020. We attribute the decrease to lower average borrowings under our lines of credit during 2021 compared to 2020.

-58- 

Index 

Income Taxes

Our income tax expense was 5.1 million for 2021, compared to 10.5 million for 2020. Our effective tax rate for 2021 was 16.8 , compared to 16.5 for 2020. Our income tax
 expense for 2020 included a 1.6 million income tax benefit related to the carryback of 2018 net operating losses to past tax years with higher statutory income tax rates than are currently in effect, as allowed under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief
 and Economic Security Act that was enacted in March 2020.

Net Income and Earnings Per Share

Our net income for 2021 was 25.3 million, or 0.83 per share of Class A common stock on a diluted basis and 0.74 per share of Class B common stock, compared to net income for 2020 of 52.8 million, or 1.83 per
 share of Class A common stock on a diluted basis and 1.65 per share of Class B common stock. We had 25.8 million and 24.6 million Class A shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We had 5.6 million Class B shares
 outstanding for both periods. There are no outstanding securities that dilute our shares of Class B common stock.

-59- 

Index 

Book Value Per Share

Our stockholders equity increased by 13.3 million during 2021 as a result of our net income, offset somewhat by a reduction of net unrealized gains within our available-for-sale fixed maturity investments. Our book
 value per share decreased to 16.95 at December 31, 2021, compared to 17.13 a year earlier, primarily as a result of an increase in the number of Class A shares outstanding during the year.

Financial Condition

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Liquidity is a measure of an entity s ability to secure enough cash to meet its contractual obligations and operating needs as they arise. Our major sources of funds from operations are the net cash flows generated
 from our insurance subsidiaries underwriting results, investment income and maturing investments.

We have historically generated sufficient net positive cash flow from our operations to fund our commitments and build our investment portfolio, thereby increasing future investment returns. The pooling agreement
 with Donegal Mutual historically has been cash flow positive because of the profitability of the underwriting pool. Because we settle the pool monthly, our cash flows are substantially similar to the cash flows that would result from the
 underwriting of direct business. We maintain a high degree of liquidity in our investment portfolio in the form of marketable fixed maturities, equity securities and short-term investments. We structure our fixed-maturity investment portfolio
 following a laddering approach so that projected cash flows from investment income and principal maturities are evenly distributed from a timing perspective. This laddering approach provides an additional measure of liquidity to meet our
 obligations and the obligations of our insurance subsidiaries should an unexpected variation occur in the future. Net cash flows provided by operating activities in 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 67.1 million, 76.7 million and 101.1 million,
 respectively.

At December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding borrowings under our line of credit with M T and had the ability to borrow up to 20.0 million at interest rates equal to the then-current LIBOR rate plus 2.00 . At
 December 31, 2022, Atlantic States had a 35.0 million outstanding advance with the FHLB of Pittsburgh that carries a fixed interest rate of 1.74 and is due in August 2024. In March 2020, Atlantic States issued 50.0 million of debt to the FHLB
 of Pittsburgh in exchange for a cash advance in the same amount for contingent liquidity funding in light of uncertainty surrounding the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Atlantic States repaid this advance when it became due in March
 2021. In September 2021, upon receipt of approval from the Michigan Department of Insurance and Financial Services, MICO repaid in full the 5.0 million surplus note held previously by Donegal Mutual, along with accrued interest of 178,082. We
 discuss in Note 9 Borrowings our estimate of the timing of the amounts payable for the borrowings under our lines of credit based on their contractual maturities.

We estimate the timing of claim payments associated with the liabilities for losses and loss expenses of our insurance subsidiaries based on historical experience and expectations of future payment patterns.
 Amounts Atlantic States assumes pursuant to the pooling agreement with Donegal Mutual represent a substantial portion of our insurance subsidiaries gross liabilities for losses and loss expenses, and amounts Atlantic States cedes pursuant to the
 pooling agreement represent a substantial portion of our insurance subsidiaries reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses. We include cash settlement of Atlantic States assumed liabilities from the pool in monthly settlements
 of pooled activity, as we net amounts ceded to and assumed from the pool. Although Donegal Mutual and we do not anticipate any changes in the pool participation levels in the foreseeable future, any such change would be prospective in nature and
 therefore would not impact the timing of expected payments by Atlantic States for its percentage share of pooled losses occurring in periods prior to the effective date of such change.

-60- 

Index 

The cash dividends we declared to our stockholders totaled 20.9 million, 19.6 million and 17.3 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There are no regulatory
 restrictions on our payment of dividends to our stockholders, although there are restrictions under applicable state laws on the payment of dividends from our insurance subsidiaries to us. Our insurance subsidiaries are required by law to
 maintain certain minimum surplus on a statutory basis and are subject to regulations under which their payment of dividends from statutory surplus is restricted and may require prior approval of their domiciliary insurance regulatory authorities.
 Our insurance subsidiaries are also subject to risk-based capital RBC requirements. The amount of statutory capital and surplus necessary for our insurance subsidiaries to satisfy regulatory requirements, including the RBC requirements, was
 not significant in relation to our insurance subsidiaries statutory capital and surplus at December 31, 2022. Amounts available for distribution to us as dividends from our insurance subsidiaries without prior approval of insurance regulatory
 authorities in 2023 are approximately 26.4 million from Atlantic States, 6.5 million from Southern, 6.0 million from Peninsula and 7.5 million from MICO, or a total of approximately 46.4 million.

Investments

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our investment portfolio of primarily investment-grade bonds, common stock, short-term investments and cash totaled 1.3 billion, representing 58.2 and 59.2 , respectively, of our
 total assets. See Business - Investments for more information.

December 31,

2022

2021

Percent of

Percent of

(dollars in thousands)

Amount

Total

Amount

Total

Fixed maturities:

Total held to maturity

688,439 

52.8 

668,105 

52.3 

Total available for sale

523,792

40.1

532,629

41.7

Total fixed maturities

1,212,231

92.9

1,200,734

94.0

Equity securities

35,105

2.7

63,420

5.0

Short-term investments

57,321

4.4

12,692

1.0

Total investments

1,304,657 

100.0 

1,276,846 

100.0 

The carrying value of our fixed maturity investments represented 92.9 and 94.0 of our total invested assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Our fixed maturity investments consisted of high-quality marketable bonds, of which 100.0 were rated at investment-grade levels at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

At December 31, 2022, the net unrealized loss on our available-for-sale fixed maturity investments, net of deferred taxes, amounted to 38.0 million, compared to a net unrealized gain of 7.4 million at December 31,
 2021.

Impact of Inflation

Our insurance subsidiaries establish their property and casualty insurance premium rates before they know the amount of losses and loss settlement expenses or the extent to which inflation may impact such expenses.
 Consequently, our insurance subsidiaries attempt, in establishing rates, to anticipate the potential future impact of inflation. Our insurance subsidiaries account for inflation in the reserving function through analysis of costs and trends and
 reviews of historical reserving results.

Impact of Changing Climate Conditions

Insured losses from severe weather events could significantly impact the underwriting results of our insurance subsidiaries. Losses from catastrophic events are a function of both the extent of our insurance
 subsidiaries exposures, the frequency and severity of the events themselves and the level of reinsurance coverage our insurance subsidiaries purchase. The increased frequency and severity of weather-related catastrophes and other losses, such as
 from wildfires and flooding, incurred by the industry in recent years may be indicative of changing weather patterns due to climate change. Should those patterns continue to emerge, increased weather-related catastrophes in the states in which
 our insurance subsidiaries operate would lead to higher overall losses that they may be unable to offset through pricing actions.

-61- 

Index 

Our insurance subsidiaries seek to reduce their exposure to catastrophe losses through their underwriting strategies and their purchase of catastrophe reinsurance. While the emerging science regarding climate change
 and its connection to extreme weather events continues to be studied, climate change, to the extent it produces rising temperatures and changes in weather patterns, could affect the frequency and severity of weather events and other losses and
 thus impact the affordability and availability of catastrophe reinsurance coverage for our insurance subsidiaries. Our insurance subsidiaries ability to appropriately manage catastrophe risk depends partially on catastrophe models, which rely on
 historical data that might not be representative of the frequency and severity of future events. Such models might also be unable to anticipate the uncertain impact of changing climate conditions that tend to occur gradually over time. Because
 the policies of our insurance subsidiaries renew not less frequently than annually, our insurance subsidiaries have the ability to respond to the impact of changing climate conditions through adjustments to their underwriting standards, pricing,
 and policy terms and conditions, subject to applicable regulatory approvals.

Changing climate conditions could lead to new or revised regulations with which our insurance subsidiaries would have to comply. Such regulations could impact the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to manage their
 exposures in areas impacted by increased weather activity, require our insurance companies to alter the terms and conditions of their policies or impact the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to obtain sufficient pricing increases to offset
 higher loss activity.

Impact of New Accounting Standards

In September 2016, the FASB issued guidance that amends previous guidance on the impairment of financial instruments by adding an impairment model that requires an entity to recognize expected credit losses as an
 allowance rather than impairments as credit losses are incurred. The intent of this guidance is to reduce complexity and result in a more timely recognition of expected credit losses. In November 2019, the FASB issued guidance that delays the
 effective date for smaller reporting companies, as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, to annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022 from December 15, 2019. We are a smaller reporting company and our adoption
 of this guidance on January 1, 2023 will result in an after-tax adjustment to retained earnings estimated between 1.5 million and 2.5 million. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a significant impact on our results of
 operations or cash flows.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

We are exposed to the impact of interest rate changes, to changes in fair values of investments and to credit risk.

In the normal course of business, we employ established policies and procedures to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates, fluctuations in the fair market value of our debt and equity securities and credit
 risk. We seek to mitigate these risks by various actions we describe below.

Interest Rate Risk

Our exposure to market risk for a change in interest rates is concentrated in our investment portfolio. We monitor this exposure through periodic reviews of our asset and liability positions. We regularly monitor
 estimates of cash flows and the impact of interest rate fluctuations relating to our investment portfolio. Generally, we do not hedge our exposure to interest rate risk because we have the capacity to, and do, hold fixed-maturity investments to
 maturity.

-62- 

Index 

Principal cash flows and related weighted-average interest rates by stated maturity dates for the financial instruments we held at December 31, 2022 that are sensitive to interest rates are as follows:

(in thousands)

Principal Cash Flows

Weighted-Average Interest Rate

Fixed-maturity and short-term investments:

2023

96,897 

3.54 

2024

46,799

3.98

2025

63,851

4.00

2026

70,116

4.00

2027

73,460

3.83

Thereafter

967,145

3.04

Total

1,318,268 

Fair value

1,179,158 

Debt:

2024

35,000 

1.74 

Total

35,000 

Fair value

35,000 

Actual cash flows from investments may differ from those depicted above as a result of calls and prepayments.

Equity Price Risk

Our portfolio of equity securities, which we carry on our consolidated balance sheets at estimated fair value, has exposure to price risk, which is the risk of potential loss in estimated fair value resulting from an
 adverse change in prices. Our objective is to mitigate this risk and to earn competitive relative returns by investing in a diverse portfolio of high-quality, liquid securities.

Credit Risk

Our objective is to earn competitive returns by investing in a diversified portfolio of securities. Our portfolio of fixed maturity securities and, to a lesser extent, short-term investments is subject to credit
 risk. We define this risk as the potential loss in fair value resulting from adverse changes in the borrower s ability to repay the debt. We manage this risk by performing an analysis of prospective investments and through regular reviews of our
 portfolio by our investment personnel. We also limit the amount of our total investment portfolio that we invest in any one security.

Our insurance subsidiaries provide property and liability insurance coverages through independent insurance agencies located throughout their operating areas. Our insurance subsidiaries bill the majority of this
 business directly to the insured, although our insurance subsidiaries bill a portion of their commercial business through their agents, to whom they extend credit in the normal course of business.

Because the pooling agreement does not relieve Atlantic States of primary liability as the originating insurer, Atlantic States is subject to a concentration of credit risk arising from the business Atlantic States
 cedes to Donegal Mutual. Our insurance subsidiaries maintain reinsurance agreements with Donegal Mutual and with a number of other major unaffiliated authorized reinsurers.

-63- 

Index 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

65 

Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 

66 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 

67 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

68 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

69 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , PCAOB ID 185 

107 

Schedule:

Schedule III Supplementary Insurance Information 

115 

-64- 

Index 

Donegal Group Inc.

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31,

2022 

2021 

Assets

Investments

Fixed maturities

Held to maturity, at amortized cost (fair value 
 and 

Available for sale, at fair value (amortized cost 
 and 

Equity securities, at fair value

Short-term investments, at cost, which approximates fair value

Total investments

Cash

Accrued investment income

Premiums receivable

Reinsurance receivable

Deferred policy acquisition costs

Deferred tax asset, net

Prepaid reinsurance premiums

Property and equipment, net

Accounts receivable - securities

Federal income taxes recoverable

Receivable from Michigan Catastrophic Claims Association

Due from affiliate

Goodwill

Other intangible assets

Other

Total assets

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity

Liabilities

Losses and loss expenses

Unearned premiums

Accrued expenses

Reinsurance balances payable

Borrowings under lines of credit

Cash dividends declared to stockholders

Cash refunds due to Michigan policyholders

Due to affiliate

Other

Total liabilities

Stockholders Equity

Preferred stock, par value, authorized shares; 
 issued

Class A common stock, par value, authorized shares, issued 
 and shares and outstanding and shares

Class B common stock, par value, authorized shares, issued 
 shares and outstanding shares

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income

Retained earnings

Treasury stock, at cost

Total stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

-65- 

Index 

Donegal Group Inc.

Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income and Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

Years Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

Statements of (Loss) Income

Revenues

Net premiums earned (includes affiliated reinsurance of , 

and 
 - see note 3)

Investment income, net of investment expenses

Installment payment fees

Lease income

Net investment (losses) gains (includes ), and accumulated
 other comprehensive income reclassification)

Total revenues

Expenses

Net losses and loss expenses (includes affiliated reinsurance of ,
 and 
 - see note 3)

Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs

Other underwriting expenses

Policyholder dividends

Interest

Other, net

Total expenses

(Loss) income before income tax (benefit) expense

Income tax (benefit) expense (includes ), and income tax
 (benefit) expense from reclassification items)

Net (loss) income

Basic (loss) earnings per common share:

Class A common stock

Class B common stock

Diluted (loss) earnings per common share:

Class A common stock

Class B common stock

Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income

Net (loss) income

Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax

Unrealized (loss) gain on securities:

Unrealized holding (loss) gain arising during the period, net of income tax (benefit) expense of ), and 

Reclassification adjustment for losses (gains) included in net (loss) income, net of income tax (benefit) expense of ), and 

Other comprehensive (loss) income

Comprehensive (loss) income

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

-66- 

Index 

Donegal Group Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 

Common Stock

Class A Shares

Class B Shares

Class A Amount

Class B Amount

Additional Paid-In Capital

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Retained Earnings

Treasury Stock

Total Stockholders Equity

Balance, January 1, 2020 

Issuance of common stock (stock compensation plans)

Stock-based compensation

Net income

Cash dividends

Grant of stock options

Other comprehensive income

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common stock (stock compensation plans)

Stock-based compensation

Net income

Cash dividends

Grant of stock options

Other comprehensive loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock (stock compensation plans)

Stock-based compensation

Net loss 

Cash dividends

Grant of stock options

Other comprehensive loss

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

-67- 

Index 

Donegal Group Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net (loss) income

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation, amortization and other non-cash items

Net investment losses (gains)

Changes in Assets and Liabilities:

Losses and loss expenses

Unearned premiums

Accrued expenses

Premiums receivable

Deferred policy acquisition costs

Deferred income taxes

Reinsurance receivable

Accrued investment income

Amounts due to affiliate

Reinsurance balances payable

Prepaid reinsurance premiums

Current income taxes

Other, net

Net adjustments

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Purchases of fixed maturities:

Held to maturity

Available for sale

Purchases of equity securities

Sales of fixed maturities:

Available for sale

Maturity of fixed maturities:

Held to maturity

Available for sale

Sales of equity securities

Net sales (purchases) of property and equipment

Net (purchases) sales of short-term investments

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Issuance of common stock

Cash dividends paid

Payments on subordinated debentures

Payments on lines of credit

Borrowings under lines of credit

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

Net (decrease) increase in cash

Cash at beginning of year

Cash at end of year

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

-68- 

Index 

Donegal Group Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

segments: our investment function, our commercial lines of insurance and our personal lines of insurance. The commercial lines products of our insurance subsidiaries consist primarily of commercial automobile, commercial multi-peril and workers 
 compensation policies. The personal lines products of our insurance subsidiaries consist primarily of homeowners and private passenger automobile policies.

of our outstanding Class A common stock and approximately of our outstanding Class B common stock. This ownership provides Donegal
 Mutual with approximately of the total voting power of our common stock. Our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual have
 interrelated operations due to a pooling agreement and other intercompany agreements and transactions. While each company maintains its separate corporate existence, our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual conduct business together as the
 Donegal Insurance Group. As such, Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries share the same business philosophy, the same management, the same employees and the same facilities and offer the same types of insurance products.

of the pooled business to Atlantic States. Thus, Donegal Mutual and Atlantic States share the underwriting results of the pooled business in
 proportion to their respective participation in the underwriting pool.

quota-share
 reinsurance agreement with Southern Mutual Insurance Company, or Southern Mutual. Donegal Mutual places its assumed business from Southern Mutual into the underwriting pool.

Southwestern states. Donegal Mutual also entered into a quota-share reinsurance agreement with the Mountain States insurance subsidiaries on the merger date. Beginning with policies effective in 2021,
 Donegal Mutual began to place the business of the Mountain States Insurance Group into the underwriting pool. As a result, our consolidated financial results through December 31, 2020 excluded the results of the Mountain States Insurance Group
 operations in those Southwestern states.

-69- 

Index 

-70- 

Index 

-71- 

Index 

-72- 

Index 

-73- 

Index 

, and , respectively, in
 tax benefits upon the exercise of stock options.

higher than those we declare and pay on our Class B common stock. Accordingly, we use
 the two-class method for the computation of earnings per common share. The two-class method is an earnings allocation formula that determines earnings per share separately for each class of common stock based on dividends declared and an allocation
 of remaining undistributed earnings using a participation percentage that reflects the dividend rights of each class.

million and million. We do not
 expect the adoption of this guidance to have a significant impact on our results of operations or cash flows. 

-74- 

Index 

quota-share reinsurance agreement with Southern Mutual Insurance Company, or Southern Mutual, and Donegal Mutual places its assumed business from Southern Mutual into the underwriting pool. Atlantic States has an share of the results of the pool, and Donegal Mutual has a share of the results of the pool. The intent of the pooling agreement is to produce more uniform and stable underwriting results from year to year for each pool participant than they would experience
 individually and to spread the risk of loss between the participants based on each participant s relative amount of surplus and relative access to capital. Each participant in the pool has at its disposal the capacity of the entire pool, rather
 than being limited to policy exposures of a size commensurate with its own capital and surplus.

Losses and loss expenses

Prepaid reinsurance premiums

Liability for losses and loss expenses

Losses and loss expenses

Unearned premiums

Liability for losses and loss expenses

of the premiums and losses related to the business of
 MICO for policies effective through December 31, 2021. Donegal Mutual and MICO terminated this reinsurance agreement on a run-off basis effective January 1, 2022. Donegal Mutual and Peninsula had a quota-share reinsurance agreement under which
 Donegal Mutual assumed of the premiums and losses related to the workers compensation product line of Peninsula in certain states
 for policies effective through December 31, 2021. Donegal Mutual and Peninsula terminated this reinsurance agreement on a run-off basis effective January 1, 2022. Donegal Mutual places its assumed business from MICO and Peninsula into the
 underwriting pool.

-75- 

Index 

Losses and loss expenses

Prepaid reinsurance premiums

Liability for losses and loss expenses

, with a combined retention of for a catastrophe involving a combination of our insurance subsidiaries, up to the amount Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries retained under catastrophe reinsurance agreements with unaffiliated
 reinsurers.

Losses and loss expenses

Liability for losses and loss expenses

Ceded

Net

Ceded

Net

, and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. To enhance process efficiencies, Donegal Mutual paid certain expenses directly in 2022 and 2021 that our insurance
 subsidiaries paid directly in 2020, resulting in higher allocations of expenses from Donegal Mutual to our insurance subsidiaries and lower direct expense payments by our insurance subsidiaries in 2022 and 2021 compared to 2020.

-76- 

Index 

million, million and million of related
 costs to our insurance subsidiaries in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Donegal Mutual will allocate to our insurance subsidiaries their proportionate share of the remaining million of its costs for the first and second releases over the next four years. Donegal Mutual incurred an additional million of deferred costs related to releases under development that were not yet ready for their intended use at December 31, 2022.

to years to Donegal Mutual under a lease agreement dated January 1, 2011.

-77- 

Index 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions

Corporate securities

Mortgage-backed securities

Totals

Obligations of states and political subdivisions

Corporate securities

Mortgage-backed securities

Totals

-78- 

Index 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions

Corporate securities

Mortgage-backed securities

Totals

Obligations of states and political subdivisions

Corporate securities

Mortgage-backed securities

Totals

million and an amortized cost of million. Our holdings also included special revenue bonds with an aggregate fair value of 
 million and an amortized cost of million. With respect to both categories of bonds, we held no securities of any issuer that
 comprised more than of that category at December 31, 2022. Education bonds and water and sewer utility bonds represented and , respectively, of our total
 investments in special revenue bonds based on their carrying values at December 31, 2022. Many of the issuers of the special revenue bonds we held at December 31, 2022 have the authority to impose ad valorem taxes. In that respect, many of the
 special revenue bonds we held are similar to general obligation bonds.

million and an amortized cost of million. Our holdings also included special revenue bonds with an aggregate fair value of 
 million and an amortized cost of million. With respect to both categories of bonds, we held no securities of any issuer that
 comprised more than of that category at December 31, 2021. Education bonds and water and sewer utility bonds represented and , respectively, of our total
 investments in special revenue bonds based on their carrying values at December 31, 2021. Many of the issuers of the special revenue bonds we held at December 31, 2021 have the authority to impose ad valorem taxes. In that respect, many of the
 special revenue bonds we held are similar to general obligation bonds.

million arising prior to the November 30, 2013 reclassification
 date for fixed maturities reclassified from available for sale to held to maturity. We are amortizing this balance over the remaining life of the related securities as an adjustment of yield in a manner consistent with the accretion of discount on
 the same fixed maturities. We recorded amortization of , and million in other comprehensive income in 2022,
 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, net unrealized losses of million and million, respectively, remained within accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income.

-79- 

Index 

Due after one year through five years

Due after five years through ten years

Due after ten years

Mortgage-backed securities

Total held to maturity

Available for sale

Due in one year or less

Due after one year through five years

Due after five years through ten years

Due after ten years

Mortgage-backed securities

Total available for sale

and ,
 respectively.

Equity securities

Short-term investments

Other

Investment income

Investment expenses

Net investment income

-80- 

Index 

Equity securities

Real estate

Gross realized losses:

Fixed maturities

Equity securities

Net realized (losses) gains 

Gross unrealized gains on equity securities

Gross unrealized losses on equity securities

Net investment (losses) gains

Change in difference between fair value and cost of investments:

Fixed maturities

Equity securities

Totals

Obligations of states and political subdivisions

Corporate securities

Mortgage-backed securities

Totals

Obligations of states and political subdivisions

Corporate securities

Mortgage-backed securities

Totals

-81- 

Index 

debt securities that were in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2022. Based upon our analysis of general market conditions and underlying factors impacting these debt securities, we considered these declines in value to be temporary.

t recognize any impairment losses in 2022,
 2021 or 2020. We had sales or transfers from our held to maturity portfolio in 2022, 2021 or 2020. We had derivative instruments or hedging activities during 2022, 2021 or 2020.

-82- 

Index 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions

Corporate securities

Mortgage-backed securities

Equity securities

Total investments in the fair value hierarchy

Obligations of states and political subdivisions

Corporate securities

Mortgage-backed securities

Equity securities

Total investments in the fair value hierarchy

-83- 

Index 

Acquisition costs deferred

Amortization charged to earnings

Balance, December 31

-84- 

Index 

- years

Automobiles

Real estate

- years

Software

Accumulated depreciation

, 
 and , respectively. 

Less reinsurance recoverable

Net balance at January 1

Incurred related to:

Current year

Prior years

Total incurred

Paid related to:

Current year

Prior years

Total paid

Net balance at December 31

Plus reinsurance recoverable

Balance at December 31

million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our insurance subsidiaries made no significant changes in their reserving philosophy or claims
 management personnel, and they have made no significant offsetting changes in estimates that increased or decreased their loss and loss expense reserves in those years. The 2022 development represented of the December 31, 2021 net carried reserves and resulted primarily from lower-than-expected loss emergence in the personal automobile and commercial automobile lines
 of business for accident years prior to 2022. The majority of the 2022 development related to decreases in the liability for losses and loss expenses of prior years for Atlantic States and MICO. The 2021 development represented of the December 31, 2020 net carried reserves and resulted primarily from lower-than-expected loss emergence in the personal automobile, workers 
 compensation and commercial automobile lines of business for accident years prior to 2021. The majority of the 2021 development related to decreases in the liability for losses and loss expenses of prior years for Atlantic States and MICO. The
 2020 development represented of the December 31, 2019 net carried reserves and resulted primarily from lower-than-expected
 severity in the workers compensation and personal automobile lines of business, partially offset by higher-than-expected severity in the commercial automobile and commercial multi-peril lines of business, for accident years prior to 2020. The
 majority of the 2020 development related to decreases in the liability for losses and loss expenses of prior years for Atlantic States and MICO.

-85- 

Index 

-86- 

Index 

-87- 

Index 

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Total

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Total

All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance

Liabilities for claims and claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance

-88- 

Index 

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Total

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Total

All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance

Liabilities for claims and claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance

-89- 

Index 

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Total

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Total

All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance

Liabilities for claims and claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance

-90- 

Index 

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Total

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Total

All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance

Liabilities for claims and claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance

-91- 

Index 

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Total

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Total

All outstanding liabilities before 2013, net of reinsurance

Liabilities for claims and claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance

-92- 

Index 

Homeowners

Commercial automobile

Commercial multi-peril

Workers compensation

Other

Reinsurance recoverable:

Personal automobile

Homeowners

Commercial automobile

Commercial multi-peril

Workers compensation

Other

Unallocated loss adjustment expenses

Gross liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses

Homeowners

Commercial automobile

Commercial multi-peril

Workers compensation

million unsecured demand line of credit. The line of credit has no expiration date, no annual fees and no covenants. At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding borrowings from M T and had the ability to borrow up to million at interest rates equal to the then-current LIBOR rate plus .

-93- 

Index 

million that was outstanding at December 31, 2022. The cash advance
 carries a fixed interest rate of and is due in August 2024 . In March 2020, Atlantic States issued million of debt to the FHLB of Pittsburgh in
 exchange for a cash advance in the same amount that carried a fixed interest rate of . Atlantic States obtained this contingent
 liquidity funding in light of uncertainty surrounding the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Atlantic States repaid this advance when it became due in March 2021 . 

Collateral pledged, at par (carrying value 

Borrowing capacity currently available

million surplus note held previously by Donegal Mutual, along with accrued interest of .

million; and

of an accumulation of many
 losses resulting from a single event, including natural disasters, over a set retention of million up to aggregate losses
 of million per occurrence.

reinsurers provided coverage for 2022 on
 any one treaty with no reinsurer taking more than of any one treaty. The amount of
 coverage provided under each of these types of reinsurance depended upon the amount, nature, size and location of the risks being reinsured. 

billion of its
 estimated surplus to its member insurance companies and provided guidance to those companies with respect to the payment of refunds to Michigan policyholders in the first half of 2022. We recorded a receivable from the MCCA and a corresponding
 payable for cash refunds due to Michigan policyholders in the amount of million on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. In
 March 2022, we received such payment from the MCCA and subsequently paid the refunds due to our Michigan policyholders.

of an accumulation of multiple losses resulting from a single event, including natural
 disasters, over a set retention of million up to aggregate losses of million per occurrence. The agreement also provided additional coverage for an accumulation of losses from a single event including a combination of our insurance
 subsidiaries over a combined retention of million.

-94- 

Index 

Premiums earned

Losses and loss expenses

Prepaid reinsurance premiums

Liability for losses and loss expenses

Losses and loss expenses

Prepaid reinsurance premiums

Liability for losses and loss expenses

Assumed

Ceded

Net premiums written

Assumed

Ceded

Net premiums earned

Percentage of assumed premiums earned to net premiums earned

Deferred federal income tax

Income tax (benefit) expense

-95- 

Index 

. The reasons for such difference and the related tax effects are as follows:

Computed expected taxes

Tax-exempt interest

Proration

Dividends received deduction

Net operating loss carryback

Tax benefit on exercise of options

Other, net

Income tax (benefit) expense

Loss reserves

Net unrealized losses

Net operating loss carryforward

Net state operating loss carryforward - DGI Parent

Other

Total gross deferred tax assets

Less valuation allowance

Net deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Deferred policy acquisition costs

Loss reserve transition adjustment

Other

Total gross deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax asset

million
 income tax benefit related to the carryback of 2018 net operating losses to past tax years with higher statutory income tax rates than are currently in effect, as allowed under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act that was enacted
 in March 2020.

million and million, respectively, for our net state operating loss carryforward. We determined that we were not required to establish a valuation allowance for the other net deferred tax assets of million and million at
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, since it is more likely than not that we will realize these deferred tax assets through reversals of existing temporary differences, future taxable income and our implementation of tax-planning strategies.

million due to us for tax years prior to 2021.

-96- 

Index 

greater than any dividend declared upon each share of our Class B common stock. In the event of our merger or consolidation with or into another entity, the holders of our Class A common stock and the holders of our Class B common stock are
 entitled to receive the same per share consideration in such merger or consolidation. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, any assets available to common stockholders will be distributed pro-rata to the holders of our Class A
 common stock and our Class B common stock after payment of all of our obligations.

additional shares of our Class A common stock at prices prevailing from time to time in the open market subject to the provisions of the SEC
 Rule 10b-18 and in privately negotiated transactions. We did t purchase any shares of our Class A common stock under this program
 during 2022, 2021 or 2020. We have purchased a total of shares of our Class A common stock under this program from its inception
 through December 31, 2022.

and shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively.

shares of Class A common stock available for issuance to employees of our subsidiaries and affiliates. The plan provides for the granting of awards by our board of
 directors in the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock or any combination of the above. The plan provides that stock options may become exercisable up to from their date of grant, with an option price not less than fair market value on the date preceding the date of grant. We have not granted any stock appreciation rights.

shares of Class A common stock available for issuance to our directors and the directors of our subsidiaries and affiliates. We may make awards in the form of stock
 options. The plan also provides for the issuance of shares of restricted stock on the first business day of January in each year to
 each of our directors and each director of Donegal Mutual who does not serve as one of our directors. We issued shares of
 restricted stock on January 4, 2022 under our director plan. We issued shares of restricted stock on January 4, 2021 under our
 director plan. We issued shares of restricted stock on January 2, 2020 under our director plan.

-97- 

Index 

. We calculated this fair value based upon a risk-free interest rate of ,
 an expected life of , an expected volatility of and an expected dividend yield of .

. We calculated this fair value based upon a risk-free interest rate of ,
 an expected life of , an expected volatility of and an expected dividend yield of .

. We calculated this fair value based upon a risk-free interest rate of ,
 an expected life of , an expected volatility of and an expected dividend yield of .

, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, with a corresponding income tax benefit of , and . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation granted under our stock compensation plans was million and million,
 respectively. We expect to recognize this cost over a weighted average period of years.

million. We realized actual tax benefits for the tax deductions from option exercises of share-based compensation of for 2022. During 2021, we received cash from option exercises under all stock compensation plans of million. We realized actual tax benefits for the tax deductions from option exercises of share-based compensation of for 2021. During 2020, we received cash from option exercises under all stock compensation plans of million. We realized actual tax benefits for the tax deductions from option exercises of share-based compensation of for 2020.

-98- 

Index 

Granted - 2020

Exercised - 2020

Forfeited - 2020

Expired - 2020

Outstanding at December 31, 2020

Granted - 2021

Exercised - 2021

Forfeited - 2021

Expired - 2021

Outstanding at December 31, 2021

Granted - 2022

Exercised - 2022

Forfeited - 2022

Expired - 2022

Outstanding at December 31, 2022

Exercisable at:

December 31, 2020

December 31, 2021

December 31, 2022

million shares under all plans.

years

December 18, 2014

years

December 20, 2018

years

December 19, 2019

years

December 17, 2020

years

January 4, 2021

years

December 16, 2021

years

February 9, 2022

years

April 18, 2022

years

December 15, 2022

years

Total

shares of our Class A common stock available for issuance, which we amended in 2019 to make shares of our Class A common stock available for issuance. The 2011 plan expired during 2021. During 2021, we adopted a new plan that made shares of our Class A common stock available for issuance and extends over a -year period. The plan provides for shares to be offered to all eligible employees at a purchase price equal to the lesser of of the fair market value of our Class A common stock on the last day before the first day of each enrollment period (June 1 and December 1 of each year) under the plan or of the fair market value of our Class A common stock on the last day of each subscription period (June 30 and December 31 of each year). 

-99- 

Index 

July 1, 2020

January 1, 2021

July 1, 2021

January 1, 2022

July 1, 2022

shares at a price of
 per share under this plan.

shares of our Class A common stock available
 for issuance to agents of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual. During 2021, we amended the 2018 plan to make shares of
 our Class A common stock available for issuance. The 2018 plan expired in 2021. During 2021, we adopted a new plan that made 
 shares of our Class A common stock available for issuance to agents of our insurance subsidiaries and Donegal Mutual. The plan permits an agent to invest up to per subscription period (April 1 to September 30 and October 1 to March 31 of each year) under various methods. We issue stock at the end of each subscription period at a price equal
 to of the average market price during the last ten trading days of each subscription period. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we issued ,
 and 
 shares, respectively, under this plan. The expense we recognized under this plan was not material.

-100- 

Index 

Statutory unassigned surplus

Statutory net (loss) income

Southern:

Statutory capital and surplus

Statutory unassigned surplus 

Statutory net (loss) income

Peninsula:

Statutory capital and surplus

Statutory unassigned surplus

Statutory net income

MICO:

Statutory capital and surplus

Statutory unassigned surplus

Statutory net (loss) income

million from Atlantic States, million from Southern, million
 from Peninsula and million from MICO, or a total of approximately million.

-101- 

Index 

Increases (decreases):

Deferred policy acquisition costs

Deferred federal income taxes

Salvage and subrogation recoverable

Consolidating eliminations and adjustments

Parent-only net (loss) income

Net (loss) income

Increases (decreases):

Deferred policy acquisition costs

Deferred federal income taxes

Salvage and subrogation recoverable

Non-admitted assets and other adjustments, net

Fixed maturities

Parent-only equity and other adjustments

Stockholders equity

Interest

higher than the cash dividends we pay on our Class B common stock. Accordingly, we use the two-class method for
 the computation of earnings per common share. The two-class method is an earnings allocation formula that determines earnings per share separately for each class of common stock based on dividends declared and an allocation of remaining
 undistributed earnings using a participation percentage reflecting the dividend rights of each class.

-102- 

Index 

Denominator:

Weighted-average shares outstanding

Basic (loss) earnings per share

Diluted (loss) earnings per share:

Numerator:

Allocation of net (loss) income

Denominator:

Number of shares used in basic computation

Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities

Add: Director and employee stock options

Number of shares used in per share computations

Diluted (loss) earnings per share

Denominator:

Weighted-average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share

-103- 

Index 

Short-term investments

Cash

Property and equipment

Other

Total assets

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity

Liabilities

Cash dividends declared to stockholders

Notes payable to subsidiary

Other

Total liabilities

Stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

Realized investment gains

Other

Total revenues

Expenses

Operating expenses

Interest

Total expenses

(Loss) income before income tax benefit and equity in undistributed net (loss) income of subsidiaries

Income tax benefit

(Loss) income before equity in undistributed net (loss) income of subsidiaries

Equity in undistributed net (loss) income of subsidiaries

Net (loss) income

Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income

Net (loss) income

Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax

Unrealized (loss) gain - subsidiaries

Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax

Comprehensive (loss) income

-104- 

Index 

Adjustments:

Equity in undistributed net loss (income) of subsidiaries

Other

Net adjustments

Net cash (used) provided

Cash flows from investing activities:

Net (purchases) sale of short-term investments

Net purchase of property and equipment

Investment in subsidiaries

Other 

Net cash (used) received

Cash flows from financing activities:

Cash dividends paid

Issuance of common stock

Net cash (used) received

Net change in cash

Cash at beginning of year

Cash at end of year

reportable segments, which consist of our
 investment function, our commercial lines of insurance and our personal lines of insurance. Using independent agents, our insurance subsidiaries market commercial lines of insurance to small and medium-sized businesses and personal lines of
 insurance to individuals.

-105- 

Index 

Personal lines

GAAP premiums earned

Net investment income

Investment (losses) gains

Other

Total revenues

Personal lines

SAP underwriting (loss) income

GAAP adjustments

GAAP underwriting (loss) income

Net investment income

Investment (losses) gains

Other

(Loss) income before income taxes

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These
 liabilities included and 
 related to surcharges collected by our insurance subsidiaries on behalf of regulatory authorities for 2022 and 2021, respectively.

-106- 

Index 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and Board
 of Directors of Donegal Group Inc.:

Opinion on the Consolidated
 Financial Statements

We have audited the
 accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Donegal Group Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of
 the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
 material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally
 accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in
 accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
 Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated March 6, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial
 statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to
 be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in
 accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or
 fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
 examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
 evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter
 communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
 material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
 statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Estimate
 of Liabilities for Losses and Loss Expenses

As
 discussed in Notes 1 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company estimates the liabilities for losses and loss expenses (reserves) through an internal reserve analysis that relies upon generally accepted actuarial practices. The
 Company develops reserve estimates by line of business and, as experience emerges and other information develops, the reserve estimates are assessed in aggregate and adjusted as necessary. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a liability of
 1.121 billion for reserves.

-107- 

Index 

We
 identified the evaluation of the estimate of reserves as a critical audit matter. The evaluation of the Company s estimate of reserves involved a high degree of auditor judgment due to the inherent uncertainties in the use of actuarial methods and
 assumptions, which considered internal and external factors. Assumptions included the selection of loss development factors, a priori ratios, and the weighting of actuarial methods when more than one was used. Evaluating the actuarial methods and
 assumptions required specialized skills and auditor judgment.

The
 following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated, with the involvement of actuarial professionals, when appropriate, the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls
 related to the Company s reserving process. These included controls related to the Company s actuarial analyses and determination of the Company s estimate of recorded reserves. We involved actuarial professionals with specialized skills and
 knowledge, who assisted in:

evaluating the Company s actuarial methods by comparing them to generally accepted actuarial practices

developing an independent estimate of reserves for certain lines of business using methods consistent with generally accepted actuarial practices by independently forming assumptions of loss development factors,
 a priori ratios, and the weighting of actuarial methods when more than one was used, considering internal and external factors

assessing the Company's internal actuarial analysis for certain lines of business by reviewing the assumptions and actuarial methods used, which included the selection of loss development factors, a priori
 ratios, and the weighting of actuarial methods when more than one was used, considering internal and external factors

developing a range of reserves and comparing to the Company s recorded reserves and assessing movement of the Company s recorded reserves within that range.

We or our predecessor firms have served as the
 Company s auditor since 1986.

March 6, 2023

-108- 

Index 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) at December 31, 2022 covered by this Form 10-K Report. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, at December 31, 2022, our disclosure
 controls and procedures are effective in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act and our disclosure controls and
 procedures are also effective to ensure that information we disclose in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer,
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the
 participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, our management has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO

Framework ). Based on our evaluation under the COSO Framework, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at December 31, 2022.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report, which is included in this
 Form 10-K Report.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Donegal Mutual implemented a new application system that Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries began to utilize during 2021 for the allocation of expenses and, beginning in 2022, for reinsurance premiums and
 commissions. The new application system provides for further automation of, and enhanced internal controls over these processes. The implementation of the new system is part of a multi-year accounting systems and process modernization initiative
 Donegal Mutual is implementing to achieve various benefits for Donegal Mutual and our insurance subsidiaries, including streamlined financial reporting workflows and a more efficient control environment.

Such changes resulted in changes to procedures related to our financial reporting. Prior to the implementation of the new systems, we identified and designed new internal controls that we incorporated into our internal
 controls over financial reporting. Following the implementation, we validated these new controls according to our established processes. We did not implement these changes in internal controls to respond to any actual or perceived significant
 deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B.

Other Information.

None.

-109- 

Index 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors

Donegal Group Inc.:

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited Donegal Group Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
 December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31,
 2021, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III
 (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated March 6, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the
 accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered
 with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
 maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and
 evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
 reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
 and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
 of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
 that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

March 6, 2023

-110- 

Index 

PART III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Other than the information we provide below and the information regarding executive officers included in Part I of this Form 10-K Report, we incorporate the response to this Item 10 by reference to our proxy statement
 we will file with the SEC on or about March 17, 2023 relating to our annual meeting of stockholders that we will hold on April 20, 2023, or our Proxy Statement.

We incorporate the full text of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by reference to Exhibit 14 to this Form 10-K Report.

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation.

We incorporate the response to this Item 11 by reference to our Proxy Statement. Neither the Report of our Compensation Committee nor the Report of our Audit Committee included in our Proxy Statement shall constitute
 or be deemed to constitute a filing with the SEC under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or be deemed to have been incorporated by reference into any filing we make under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent we
 specifically incorporate the Report of Our Compensation Committee or the Report of Our Audit Committee by reference.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

We incorporate the response to this Item 12 by reference to our Proxy Statement.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

We incorporate the response to this Item 13 by reference to our Proxy Statement.

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

We incorporate the response to this Item 14 by reference to our Proxy Statement.

-111- 

Index 

PART IV

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.

(a) 

Financial statements, financial statement schedule and exhibits filed:

(i) 

Consolidated Financial Statements

Page

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

107 

Donegal Group Inc. and Subsidiaries:

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

65 

Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, 2021
 and 2020 

66 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

67

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

68

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

69

Report and Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

(Filed as Exhibit 23.1)

(b) 

Financial Statement Schedule

Schedule III Supplementary Insurance Information 

115 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Filed herewith

We have omitted all other schedules since they are not required, not applicable or the information is included in the financial statements or notes to the financial statements.

(c) 

Exhibits

Exhibit No.

Description of Exhibits

Reference

3.1

Certificate of Incorporation of Donegal Group Inc., as amended. 

(i)

3.2

Second Amended and Restated By-laws of Donegal Group Inc. 

(q)

3.3

State of Delaware Certificate of Change of Registered Agent and/or Registered Office 

(r)

4.1

Description of Donegal Group Inc s Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 

(m)

Management Contracts and Compensatory Plans or Arrangements

10.1

Donegal Group Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan for Employees. 

(g)

10.2

Donegal Group Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan for Directors. 

(g)

10.3

Employment Agreement dated as of October 1, 2020 among Donegal Mutual Insurance Company, Donegal Group Inc. and
 Kevin G. Burke. 

(l)

10.4

Employment Agreement dated as of October 1, 2020 among Donegal Mutual Insurance Company, Donegal Group Inc. and
 Jeffrey D. Miller. 

(l)

10.5

Form of Employment Agreement dated as of October 1, 2020 among Donegal Mutual
 Insurance Company, Donegal Group Inc. and Our Executive Officers Other Than Kevin G. Burke and Jeffrey D. Miller. 

Filed herewith

-112- 

Index 

10.6

Donegal Mutual Insurance Company 401(k) Plan. 

(a)

10.7

Amendment No. 1 effective January 1, 2000 to Donegal Mutual Insurance Company 401(k) Plan. 

(a)

10.8

Amendment No. 2 effective January 6, 2000 to Donegal Mutual Insurance Company 401(k) Plan. 

(b)

10.9

Amendment No. 3 effective July 23, 2001 to Donegal Mutual Insurance Company 401(k) Plan. 

(b)

10.10

Amendment No. 4 effective January 1, 2002 to Donegal Mutual Insurance Company 401(k) Plan. 

(b)

10.11

Amendment No. 5 effective December 31, 2001 to Donegal Mutual Insurance Company 401(k) Plan. 

(b)

10.12

Amendment No. 6 effective July 1, 2002 to Donegal Mutual Insurance Company 401(k) Plan. 

(c)

10.13

Donegal Group Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan for Employees. 

(h)

10.14

Donegal Group Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan for Directors. 

(h)

10.15

Donegal Group Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan for Employees. 

(j)

10.16

Donegal Group Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan for Directors. 

(j)

10.17

Donegal Group Inc. Cash Incentive Bonus Plan for 2020. 

(k)

10.18

Donegal Group Inc. 2020 Long-Term Executive Incentive Plan. 

(k)

10.19

Donegal Group Inc. Cash Incentive Bonus Plan for 2021. 

(m)

10.20

Donegal Group Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

(n)

10.21

Donegal Group Inc. Cash Incentive Bonus Plan for 2022. 

(p)

10.22

Donegal Group Inc. Cash Incentive Bonus Plan for 2023. 

Filed herewith

10.23

Donegal Group Inc. 2023 Long-Term Executive Incentive Plan. 

Filed herewith

Other Material Contracts

10.24

Amended and Restated Proportional Reinsurance Agreement dated March 1, 2010 between Donegal Mutual Insurance
 Company and Atlantic States Insurance Company. 

(e)

10.25

Amended and Restated Tax Sharing Agreement dated December 1, 2010 among Donegal Group Inc., Atlantic States
 Insurance Company, Southern Insurance Company of Virginia, Le Mars Insurance Company, The Peninsula Insurance Company, Peninsula Indemnity Company and Michigan Insurance Company. 

(f)

10.26

Amended and Restated Services Allocation Agreement dated September 1, 2021 among Donegal Mutual Insurance
 Company, Donegal Group Inc., Atlantic States Insurance Company, Southern Insurance Company of Virginia, The Peninsula Insurance Company, Peninsula Indemnity Company and Michigan Insurance Company. 

(p)

10.27

Quota-share Reinsurance Agreement dated December 1, 2010 between Donegal Mutual Insurance Company and Michigan
 Insurance Company. 

(f)

10.28

Donegal Group Inc. 2021 Agency Stock Purchase Plan. 

(o)

10.29

Discretionary Loan Agreement between Donegal Group Inc. and M T Bank dated August 1, 2020. 

(m)

14

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 

(d)

21

Subsidiaries of Registrant. 

Filed herewith

23.1

Report and Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

Filed herewith

31.1

Rule 13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

Filed herewith

-113- 

Index 

31.2

Rule 13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

Filed herewith

32.1

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

Filed herewith

32.2

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

Filed herewith

Exhibit 101.INS

XBRL Instance Document

Filed herewith

Exhibit 101.SCH

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

Filed herewith

Exhibit 101.PRE

XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document

Filed herewith

Exhibit 101.CAL

XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document

Filed herewith

Exhibit 101.LAB

XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document

Filed herewith

Exhibit 101.DEF

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

Filed herewith

(a) 

We incorporate such exhibit by reference to the like-described exhibit in Registrant s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 1999.

(b) 

We incorporate such exhibit by reference to the like-described exhibit in Registrant s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2001.

(c) 

We incorporate such exhibit by reference to the like-described exhibit in Registrant s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2002.

(d) 

We incorporate such exhibit by reference to the like-described exhibit in Registrant s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2003.

(e) 

We incorporate such exhibit by reference to the like-described exhibit in Registrant s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2009.

(f) 

We incorporate such exhibit by reference to the like-described exhibit in Registrant s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2010.

(g) 

We incorporate such exhibit by reference to the like-described exhibit in Registrant s Form 8-K Report dated April 22, 2013.

(h) 

We incorporate such exhibit by reference to the copy of such plan in Registrant s definitive proxy statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on April 16, 2015 filed on March 16, 2015.

(i) 

We incorporate such exhibit by reference to the like-described exhibit in Registrant s Form 10-Q Report for the quarter ended June 30, 2019.

(j) 

We incorporate such exhibit by reference to the copy of such plan in Registrant s definitive proxy statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on April 18, 2019 filed on March 18, 2019.

(k) 

We incorporate such exhibit by reference to the like-described exhibit in Registrant s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2019.

(l) 

We incorporate such exhibit by reference to the like-described exhibit in Registrant's Form 8-K Report dated October 1, 2020.

(m) 

We incorporate such exhibit by reference to the like-described exhibit in Registrant s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2020.

(n) 

We incorporate such exhibit by reference to the copy of such plan in Registrant s definitive proxy statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on April 15, 2021 filed on March 15, 2021.

(o) 

We incorporate such exhibit by reference to the like-described exhibit in Registrant s Form S-3 Registration Statement filed on September 30, 2021.

(p) 

We incorporate such exhibit by reference to the like-described exhibit in Registrant s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2021.

(q) 

We incorporate such exhibit by reference to the like-described exhibit in Registrant s Form 8-K Report dated July 22, 2022.

(r) 

We incorporate such exhibit by reference to the like-described exhibit in Registrant s Form 8-K Report dated August 10, 2022.

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary.

None.

-114- 

Index 

Personal lines

Investments

Year Ended December 31, 2021

Commercial lines

Personal lines

Investments

Year Ended December 31, 2020

Commercial lines

Personal lines

Investments

-115- 

Index 

Personal lines

Investments

2021 

Commercial lines

Personal lines

Investments

-116- 

Index 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

DONEGAL GROUP INC.

By:

/s/ Kevin G. Burke

Kevin G. Burke, President and Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 6, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Kevin G. Burke

President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director

March 6, 2023

Kevin G. Burke

(principal executive officer)

/s/ Jeffrey D. Miller

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

March 6, 2023

Jeffrey D. Miller

(principal financial and accounting officer)

/s/ Scott A. Berlucchi

Director

March 6, 2023

Scott A. Berlucchi

/s/ Dennis J. Bixenman

Director

March 6, 2023

Dennis J. Bixenman

/s/ Jack L. Hess

Director

March 6, 2023

Jack L. Hess

/s/ Barry C. Huber

Director

March 6, 2023

Barry C. Huber

/s/ David C. King

Director

March 6, 2023

David C. King

/s/ Kevin M. Kraft, Sr.

Director

March 6, 2023

Kevin M. Kraft, Sr.

/s/ Jon M. Mahan

Director

March 6, 2023

Jon M. Mahan

/s/ S. Trezevant Moore, Jr.

Director

March 6, 2023

S. Trezevant Moore, Jr.

/s/ Annette B. Szady

Director

March 6, 2023

Annette B. Szady

/s/ Richard D. Wampler, II

Director

March 6, 2023

Richard D. Wampler, II

-117- 

<EX-10.5>
 2
 brhc10049169_ex10-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.5

Exhibit 10.5 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of October 1,
 2020 (the Effective Date ), among Donegal Mutual Insurance Company, a Pennsylvania mutual insurance company having its principal place of business at 1195 River Road, Marietta, Pennsylvania 17547 Donegal Mutual ), Donegal Group Inc., a Delaware corporation having its principal place of business at 1195 River Road, Marietta, Pennsylvania 17547 DGI , and, together with Donegal Mutual, the Employers ), and __________________, an individual
 whose principal office address is 1195 River Road, Marietta, PA 17547 Executive ).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Employers desire, by this Agreement, to provide for the continued employment of Executive by the Employers, and Executive agrees to the
 continued employment of Executive by the Employers, all in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the parties are entering into this Agreement to set forth and confirm their respective rights and obligations with respect to Executive s
 continued employment by the Employers;

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
 sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Employment . Beginning on the Effective Date, the Employers agree to continue to employ Executive and Executive agrees to continue to provide services to the Employers from the Effective Date
 until 3 years (i.e., 36 months) later (the Employment Period ). The Employment Period shall be automatically extended for an additional one (1) year
 term thereafter, unless either party provides the other party with written notice of intent to have the Employment Period expire without renewal no later than sixty (60) days prior to the end of the then-current Employment Period, or this Agreement
 is otherwise terminated by either party. 

2. Position and Duties . 

(a) During the Employment Period: (i) Donegal Mutual agrees
 to continue to employ Executive, and Executive agrees to continue Executive s employment as, the _______________ of Donegal Mutual and (ii) DGI agrees to continue to employ Executive, and Executive agrees to continue Executive s employment as, the
 ____________ of DGI, with the positions described in clauses (i) and (ii) collectively referred to in this Agreement as the Position , in accordance
 with the terms and subject to the conditions this Agreement sets forth. Donegal Mutual and DGI shall be jointly and severally liable to Executive with respect to (i) all liabilities of Donegal Mutual to Executive under this Agreement and (ii) all
 liabilities of DGI to Executive under this Agreement; provided, however, that Donegal Mutual shall not be responsible for any liability of DGI to Executive to the extent that DGI has discharged such liability, and DGI shall not be responsible for
 any liability of Donegal Mutual to Executive to the extent that Donegal Mutual has discharged such liability. Executive shall serve in the Position and in such capacity and shall have the normal duties, responsibilities, functions and authority
 consistent with the Position, subject to the power and authority of the respective board of directors of Donegal Mutual and DGI (together, the Boards 
 to expand or limit such duties, responsibilities, functions and authority and to overrule actions of officers of the Employers. During the Employment Period, Executive shall render such services to the Employers which are consistent with the
 Position and as the President and Chief Executive Officer and/or as either of the Boards may from time to time direct. 

(b) During the Employment Period, Executive shall report
 to the President and Chief Executive Officer or his designee and shall devote his best efforts and his full business time and attention to the business and affairs of the Employers. Executive shall perform his duties, responsibilities and
 functions to the best of his abilities in a diligent, trustworthy, professional and efficient manner and shall comply with the policies and procedures of the Employers in all material respects. In performing his duties and exercising his authority
 under this Agreement, Executive shall develop, support and implement the business and strategic plans approved from time to time by the Boards and shall support and cooperate with the Employers efforts to expand their business and operate
 profitably and in conformity with the business and strategic plans approved by the Boards. So long as Executive is employed by one or both of the Employers, Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Boards, accept other
 employment, perform other services for compensation, or perform other work that results in any financial benefit to Executive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Executive from engaging in educational,
 charitable, political, professional and civic activities, provided that such engagement does not interfere with Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder. 

3. Compensation and Benefits . 

(a) Base Salary . During the Employment Period, Executive shall receive a base salary of __________ Dollars __________) per annum (the Base Salary ), which may be modified by the Employers in their sole discretion (provided, however, that any decrease in Executive s Base Salary shall be made only if the Employers contemporaneously and
 proportionately decrease the base salaries of all senior executives of such Employers). 

(b) Payment of Base Salary . The Base Salary shall be payable by the Employers in regular installments in accordance with the Employers payroll practices in effect from time to time, less
 withholdings and deductions required or permitted by applicable law. 

(c) Annual Bonus . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual performance bonus (an Annual Bonus ), subject to the (i) achievement of Employers performance criteria, as determined in the Employers sole discretion, and (ii) Executive s continued employment with the Employers through the end of the year for
 which such bonus is paid (except as otherwise provided in Section 4). The Employers performance criteria shall be determined in good faith by the President and Chief Executive Officer or his designee, in consultation with Executive. The Annual
 Bonus shall be paid in a single lump sum payment, less withholdings and deductions required or permitted by applicable law, to Executive when annual bonuses for that year are paid to other executives of the Employers, but in no event later than the
 March 15 th following the end of the year for which the bonus is paid. 

2 

(d) Incentive Plans . Executive shall be entitled to participate in any incentive plans that the Employers may sponsor, if any, in accordance (in all material respects) with the applicable policies
 of the Employers relating to incentive compensation for executive officers, and based on the objectives set forth in such Employers executive incentive plans. 

(e) Employee Benefits . Throughout Executive s employment during the Employment Period, the Employers shall provide Executive with all employee benefits and fringe benefits as may be provided from
 time to time to the Employers executives. 

(f) Expense Reimbursement . During the Employment Period, and subject to Section 21(d) hereunder, the Employers shall reimburse Executive, within a reasonable period of time of Executive submitting
 an expense report to the Employers, for all reasonable business expenses incurred by him in the course of performing his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement which are consistent with the Employers policies in effect from time to time
 with respect to travel, entertainment and other business expenses, subject to the Employers requirements with respect to reporting and documentation of such expenses. 

4. Notice of Termination; Employers Obligations Upon Cessation of Employment Period . 

(a) Notice of Termination . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Employment Period and Executive s employment with the Employers may be terminated by either party at any time and for any or
 no reason. Any termination of employment by the Employers or by Executive under this Section 4 shall be communicated by a written notice to the other party hereto indicating the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon. 
 Executive s final day of employment with the Employers, as set forth in such written notice, shall be the Termination Date . 

(b) Employers Obligations Upon Cessation of the Employment Period . 

(i) Accrued Payments . Upon Executive s termination of employment for any reason, Executive shall be entitled to receive: (A) payment of any unpaid premiums for medical and dental insurance
 coverage through the Termination Date for Executive (and his immediate family) and any other employee benefits Executive is entitled to hereunder, (B) payment of all accrued but unpaid vacation; (C) any expense reimbursement owed to Executive under
 Section 3(f), which shall be paid within thirty (30) days of the Termination Date; and (D) the Base Salary earned for services rendered by Executive through the Termination Date, which shall be paid on the next succeeding payroll date
 (collectively, the Accrued Payments ). 

(ii) Termination Without Cause, for Good Reason or Following Change of Control . If Executive s employment is terminated without Cause by the Employers, Executive resigns for Good Reason, or
 Executive resigns with or without Good Reason within twelve (12) months after the consummation of a Change of Control, and subject to Section 4(c) below, then Executive shall be entitled to the Accrued Payments and shall also be entitled to
 receive: 

(A) any unpaid Annual Bonus earned by Executive with
 respect to the year ending prior to the year in which the Termination Date occurs, notwithstanding Executive s termination of employment, which shall be paid in a lump sum at the same time, and calculated in the same manner, as the Annual Bonus
 would have been paid and calculated had there not been a termination of Executive s employment; 

3 

(B) severance pay in an amount equal to thirty-six (36)
 months of his Base Salary in effect on the Termination Date (the Severance Payment ). The Severance Payment shall be payable in equal installments,
 with the first installment payable on the Employers first regularly scheduled payroll date occurring after the effective date of the general release; and 

(C) The Employers shall pay as a lump sum to Executive
 the full aggregate premium cost (calculated based on the current premium cost as of the Termination Date) that the Employers and Executive would have paid to maintain the same medical, health, disability and life insurance coverage the Employers
 provided to Executive immediately prior to the Termination Date had Executive remained employed for thirty-six (36) months following the Termination Date. 

For purposes of the Agreement, the compensation and benefits referenced in Section 4(b)(ii)(A)-(C) are referred to as the Severance Benefits . The Severance Benefits shall be paid to Executive less withholdings and deductions required or permitted by applicable law.

(iii) Termination for Cause, Death or Incapacity, or Resignation Without Good Reason . If the Employment Period is terminated by the Employers for Cause or upon Executive s resignation without Good
 Reason (other than a resignation within twelve (12) months after the consummation of a Change of Control), or death or Incapacity (as determined by the Boards in their good faith judgment), Executive shall only be entitled to receive the Accrued
 Payments (if any), and shall not be entitled to any other salary, compensation or benefits from the Employers after termination of the Employment Period, except as otherwise specifically provided for under the Employers employee benefit plans or
 as otherwise expressly required by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of Executive s death, the Employers shall continue to pay Executive s then Base Salary to the Executive s estate or personal representative for a period
 of two (2) years in fifty-two (52) equal bi-weekly installment payments, with the first payment commencing on the Employers first regularly scheduled payroll date occurring after Executive s death. 

(iv) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all of
 Executive s rights to salary, employee benefits and other compensation hereunder which would have accrued or become payable after the termination of the Employment Period shall cease upon such termination, other than those expressly required under
 applicable law. The Employers may offset any amounts Executive owes the Employers against any amounts the Employers owe Executive hereunder, provided, that such amounts claimed to be owed by Executive have not been disputed by Executive after
 sufficient advance written notice thereof by the Employers. 

(c) The Employers obligation to provide the Severance
 Benefits to Executive shall be conditioned upon Executive s execution and the irrevocability of a general release in a form reasonably acceptable to the Employers. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, Executive shall not be entitled to
 any other salary, compensation or other benefits after termination of the Employment Period, except as specifically provided for in the Employers employee benefit plans or as otherwise expressly required by applicable law. 

4 

(d) For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean (i) Executive s willful and continued failure substantially to perform Executive s material duties with the Employers as set forth in
 this Agreement, or the commission by Executive of any activities constituting a willful violation or breach under any material federal, state or local law or regulation applicable to the activities of Donegal Mutual or DGI or their respective
 subsidiaries and affiliates, in each case, after notice of such failure, breach or violation from the Employers to Executive and a reasonable opportunity for Executive to cure such failure, breach or violation in all material respects, (ii) fraud,
 breach of fiduciary duty, dishonesty, misappropriation or other actions by Executive that cause intentional material damage to the property or business of Donegal Mutual or DGI or their respective subsidiaries and affiliates, (iii) Executive s
 repeated absences from work such that Executive is substantially unable to perform Executive s duties under this Agreement in all material respects other than for physical or mental impairment or illness or (iv) Executive s non-compliance with the
 provisions of Section 2(b) of this Agreement after notice of such non-compliance from the Employers to Executive and a reasonable opportunity for Executive to cure such non-compliance. 

(e) For purposes of this Agreement Incapacity shall be deemed to occur if the Boards, in their good faith judgment, determine that Executive is mentally or physically disabled or
 incapacitated such that he cannot perform his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement and, within thirty (30) days of receipt of the Boards good faith determination, either (i) Executive fails to undertake a physical and/or mental
 examination by a physician reasonably acceptable to the Boards or (ii) after Executive undertakes a physical and/or mental examination by a physician reasonably acceptable to the Boards, such physician fails to certify to the Boards that Executive
 is physically and mentally able and capable of performing his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement. 

(f) For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean (i) a material diminishment of Executive s Position or the scope of Executive s authority, duties or responsibilities as this
 Agreement describes without Executive s written consent, excluding for this purpose any action the Employers do not take in bad faith and that the Employers remedy promptly following written notice thereof from Executive to the Employers, (ii) a
 relocation of Executive s principal business location to a location that is more than forty (40) miles farther from Executive s current resident office in 1195 River Road, Marietta, PA 17547, or (iii) a material breach by either of the Employers of
 their respective obligations to Executive under this Agreement; provided, however, that with respect to any termination by Executive for Good Reason, Executive shall have provided the Employers with written notice within ninety (90) days of the
 date on which Executive first had actual knowledge of the existence of the Good Reason condition and which such Good Reason condition shall not have been cured or otherwise rectified by the Employers in all material respects to the reasonable
 satisfaction of Executive within thirty (30) days after the Employers receive such written notice. 

5 

(g) For purposes of this Agreement, a Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred in the event of any of the following (each a Transaction ): 

(i) the acquisition of shares of DGI by any person or
 group, as Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as now or hereafter amended, uses such terms, in a transaction or series of transactions that result in such person or group directly or indirectly first owning after the Effective
 Date more than 25 of the aggregate voting power of DGI s Class A common stock and Class B common stock taken as a single class, 

(ii) the consummation of a merger of Donegal Mutual or
 other business combination transaction involving Donegal Mutual in which Donegal Mutual is not the surviving entity, 

(iii) the consummation of a merger of DGI or other business
 combination transaction involving DGI after which the holders of the outstanding voting capital stock of DGI taken as a single class do not collectively own 60 or more of the aggregate voting power of the entity surviving such merger or other
 business combination transaction, 

(iv) the sale, lease, exchange or other transfer in a
 transaction or series of transactions of all or substantially all of the assets of DGI, but excluding therefrom the sale and re-investment of the consolidated investment portfolio of DGI and its subsidiaries, 

(v) a change in the composition of the board of directors
 of Donegal Mutual in which the individuals who, as of the Effective Date, constitute the board of directors of Donegal Mutual (the Incumbent Donegal Mutual Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the board of directors of
 Donegal Mutual; provided , however , that any individual becoming a
 director subsequent to the Effective Date whose election, or nomination for election by Donegal Mutual s members, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Donegal Mutual Board shall be considered
 as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Donegal Mutual Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to
 the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of an individual or entity other than the board of directors of Donegal Mutual or 

(vi) a change in the composition of the board of directors
 of DGI in which the individuals who, as of the Effective Date, constitute the board of directors of DGI (the Incumbent DGI Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the board of directors of DGI; provided , however , that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the Effective Date
 whose election, or nomination for election by DGI s stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent DGI Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent
 DGI Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened
 solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of an individual or entity other than the board of directors of DGI. 

A Transaction constituting a Change of Control in the case of subsections (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) shall only be deemed to have occurred upon the closing of the
 Transaction. For purposes of this Agreement, consummation of a Change of Control shall only be deemed to have occurred upon the closing of a Transaction.

6 

(h) The Employers and Executive mutually agree to
 reimburse either party for the reasonable fees and expenses of either party s attorneys and for court and related costs in any proceeding to enforce the provisions of this Agreement in which the Employers or Executive are successful on the merits. 

(i) In the event that the independent registered public
 accounting firm of either of the Employers or the Internal Revenue Service IRS determines that any payment, coverage or benefit provided to
 Executive pursuant to this Agreement is subject to the excise tax imposed by Sections 280G or 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ),

 any successor provisions thereto or any interest or penalties Executive incurs with respect to such excise tax, the Employers, within thirty (30) days thereafter, shall pay to Executive, in addition to any other payment, coverage or benefit due and
 owing under this Agreement, an additional amount that will result in Executive s net after tax position, after taking into account any interest, penalties or taxes imposed on the amounts payable under this Section 4(i), upon the receipt of the
 payments for which this Agreement provides being no less advantageous to Executive than the net after tax position to Executive that would have been obtained had Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code not been applicable to such payment, coverage or
 benefits. Except as this Agreement otherwise provides, tax counsel, whose selection shall be reasonably acceptable to Executive and the Employers and whose fees and costs shall be paid for by the Employers, shall make all determinations this
 Section 4(i) requires. 

5. Confidential Information . 

(a) Executive shall not, except as may be required to
 perform his duties hereunder or as required by applicable law, during the Employment Period and after employment ends (regardless of the reason), without limitation in time or until such information shall have become public other than by
 Executive s unauthorized disclosure, disclose to others or use, whether directly or indirectly, any non-public confidential or proprietary information with respect to the Employers, including, without limitation, their business relationships,
 negotiations and past, present and prospective activities, methods of doing business, know-how, trade secrets, data, formulae, product designs and styles, product development plans, customer lists, investors, and all papers, resumes and records
 (including computer records) of the documents containing such information Confidential Information ). Executive stipulates and agrees that as
 between Executive and the Employers the foregoing matters are important and that material and confidential proprietary information and trade secrets affect the successful conduct of the businesses of the Employers (and any successors or assignees
 of the Employers). Nothing about the foregoing shall preclude Executive from testifying truthfully in any forum or from providing truthful information, including, but not limited to, Confidential Information, to any government agency or
 commission. The term Confidential Information does not include information which (i) was already in Executive s possession prior to the time of disclosure by or on behalf of the Employers, provided that such information was not furnished to
 Executive by a source known by Executive to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with, or other obligations of confidentiality in favor of, the Employers, (ii) was or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a
 disclosure by Executive in violation of this Agreement, (iii) becomes available to Executive on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Employers, provided that such source is not known by Executive to be bound by a confidentiality
 agreement with, or other obligations of confidentiality in favor of, the Employers, or (iv) was or is independently developed by Executive without use of or reference to any Confidential Information. 

7 

(b) Executive agrees to deliver or return to the
 Employers, at the Employers written request, at any time or upon termination of his employment (regardless of the reason): (i) all documents, computer tapes and disks, records, lists, data, drawings, prints, notes and written information (and all
 copies thereof) furnished by or on behalf of or for the benefit of the Employers or prepared by Executive in connection with, and during the term of, his employment by the Employers, regardless of whether Confidential Information is contained
 therein, and (ii) all physical property of the Employers which Executive received in connection with Executive s employment with the Employers including, without limitation, credit cards, passes, door and file keys, and computer hardware and
 software existing in tangible form. 

(c) The Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (the Act provides that: An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a
 trade secret that: (A) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or
 (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. The Act further provides that an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected
 violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual: (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (B) does not
 disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

(d) Executive represents and warrants to the Employers
 that, to the best of his knowledge, Executive took nothing with him which belonged to any former employer when Executive left his prior position and that Executive has nothing that contains any information which belongs to any former employer. If
 at any time Executive discovers this is incorrect, Executive shall promptly return any such materials to Executive s former employer. The Employers do not want any such materials, and Executive shall not be permitted to use or refer to any such
 materials in the performance of Executive s duties hereunder. 

6. Work Product and Intellectual Property, Inventions and Patents . 

(a) For purposes of this Agreement: 

(i) Work Product shall include (A) all works, materials, ideas, innovations, inventions, discoveries, techniques, methods, processes, formulae, compositions, developments, improvements,
 technology, know-how, algorithms, data and data files, computer process systems, computer code, software, databases, hardware configuration information, research and development projects, experiments, trials, assays, lab books, test results,
 specifications, formats, designs, drawings, blueprints, sketches, artwork, graphics, documents, records, writings, reports, machinery, prototypes, models, sequences, and components; (B) all tangible and intangible embodiments of the foregoing, of
 any kind or format whatsoever, including in printed and electronic media; and (C) all Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below) associated with or related to the foregoing; 

8 

(ii) Employers Work Product shall include all Work Product that Executive partially or completely creates, makes, develops, discovers, derives, conceives, reduces to practice, authors, or fixes in
 a tangible medium of expression, whether solely or jointly with others and whether on or off the Employers premises, in connection with the Employers business, (A) while employed by the Employers, or (B) with the use of the time, materials, or
 facilities of the Employers, or (C) relating to any product, service, or activity of the Employers of which Executive has knowledge, or (D) suggested by or resulting from any work performed by Executive for the Employers; and 

(iii) Intellectual Property Rights means any and all worldwide rights, title, or interest existing now or in the future under patent law, trademark law, copyright law, industrial rights design law,
 moral rights law, trade secret law, and any and all similar proprietary rights, however denominated, and any and all continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions, renewals, reissue, reexaminations, extensions and/or restorations thereof, now or
 hereafter in force and effect, including without limitation all patents, patent applications, industrial rights, mask works rights, trademarks, trademark applications, trade names, slogans, logos, service marks and other marks, copyrightable
 material, copyrights, copyright applications, moral rights, trade secrets, and trade dress. 

(b) Executive acknowledges and agrees that all Employers 
 Work Product is and shall belong to the Employers. Executive shall and hereby does irrevocably assign and transfer to the Employers all of Executive s right, title, and interest in and to all Employers Work Product, which assignment shall be
 effective as of the moment of creation of such Employers Work Product without requiring any additional actions of the parties. 

(c) All copyrightable material included in Employers 
 Work Product that qualifies as a work made for hire under the U.S. Copyright Act is deemed a work made for hire created for and owned exclusively by the Employers, and the Employers shall be deemed the owner of the copyright and all other
 Intellectual Property Rights associated therewith. 

(d) To the extent any of the rights, title, and interest
 in and to Employers Work Product cannot be assigned by Executive to the Employers, Executive hereby grants to the Employers a perpetual, exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, assignable, irrevocable, worldwide license (with rights to sublicense
 through multiple tiers of sublicensees) to practice such non-assignable rights, title, and interest. To the extent any of the rights, title, and interest in and to Employers Work Product can neither be assigned nor licensed by Executive to the
 Employers, Executive hereby irrevocably waives and agrees never to assert such non-assignable and non-licensable rights, title, and interest against the Employers, or their directors, managers, officers, agents, employees, contractors, successors,
 or assigns. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 6(d) shall not apply to any Work Product that (i) does not relate, at the time of creation, making, development, discovery, derivation, conception, reduction to practice, authoring, or fixation
 in a tangible medium of expression of such Work Product, to the Employers business or actual or demonstrably anticipated research, development or business; (ii) was developed entirely on Executive s own time; (iii) was developed without use of any
 of the Employers equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information; and (iv) did not result from any work Executive performed for the Employers. 

9 

(e) Executive agrees, during and after Executive s
 employment, to perform and to assist the Employers and their successors, assigns, delegates, nominees, and legal representatives with all acts that the Employers deem necessary or desirable to permit and assist the Employers in applying for,
 obtaining, perfecting, protecting, and enforcing the full benefits, enjoyment, rights, and title throughout the world of the Employers in and to all Employers Work Product, which acts and assistance may include, without limitation, the signing and
 execution of documents and assistance or cooperation in the filing, prosecution, registration, and memorialization of assignment of any applicable Intellectual Property Rights; acts pertaining to the enforcement of any applicable Intellectual
 Property Rights; and acts pertaining to other legal proceedings related to Employers Work Product. If the Employers are unable for any reason to secure Executive s signature to any document that the Employers deem necessary or desirable to permit
 and assist the Employers in applying for, obtaining, perfecting, protecting, and enforcing the full benefits, enjoyment, rights and title throughout the world of the Employers in and to all Employers Work Product, Executive hereby irrevocably
 designates and appoints the Employers, their officers, and managers as Executive s attorney in fact to sign and execute such documents in Executive s name, all with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Executive. This designation of
 power of attorney is a power coupled with an interest and is irrevocable. Executive will not retain any proprietary interest in any Employers Work Product and shall not register, file, seek to obtain, or obtain any Intellectual Property Rights
 covering any Employers Work Product in his own name. 

(f) Upon the written request of the Employers, Executive
 agrees to disclose and describe to the Employers promptly and in writing to the Employers all Employers Work Product to which the Employers are entitled as provided above. Executive shall deliver all Employers Work Product in Executive s
 possession whenever the Employers so request in writing, and, in any event, upon the written request of the Employers, prior to or upon Executive s termination of employment. After the Employers confirm receipt of Employers Work Product,
 Executive shall delete or destroy all Employers Work Product in Executive s possession whenever the Employers so requests in writing and at the Employers reasonable direction, without retaining any copies thereof, and, in any event, prior to or
 upon Executive s termination of employment. 

(g) Consistent with Executive s obligations under Section
 5, Executive shall hold in the strictest confidence, and will not disclose, furnish or make accessible to any person or entity (directly or indirectly) Employers Work Product, except as required in accordance with Executive s duties as an employee
 of the Employers. 

(h) Upon the written request of the Employers, Executive
 agrees to disclose promptly in writing to the Employers all Work Product created, made, developed, discovered, derived, conceived, reduced to practice, authored, or fixed in a tangible medium of expression by Executive for six (6) months after the
 termination of employment with the Employers, whether or not Executive believes such Work Product is subject to this Agreement, to permit a determination by the Employers as to whether or not the Work Product is or should be the property of the
 Employers. Executive recognizes that Work Product or Confidential Information relating to Executive s activities while working for the Employers and created, made, developed, discovered, derived, conceived, reduced to practice, authored, or fixed
 in a tangible medium of expression by Executive, alone or with others, within six (6) months after termination of Executive s employment with the Employers, may have been so created, made, developed, discovered, derived, conceived, reduced to
 practice, authored, or fixed in a tangible medium of expression by Executive in significant part while employed by the Employers. Accordingly, Executive agrees that such Work Product and Confidential Information shall be presumed to have been
 created, made, developed, discovered, derived, conceived, reduced to practice, authored, or fixed in a tangible medium of expression during Executive s employment with the Employers and are to be promptly disclosed and assigned to the Employers
 unless and until Executive establishes the contrary by written evidence satisfying a clear and convincing evidence standard of proof. 

10 

(i) For the avoidance of doubt, Executive shall not be
 entitled to any additional or special compensation or reimbursement in fulfilling his obligations under this Section 6, except that the Employers, shall reimburse Executive for any reasonable out of pocket expenses which Executive may incur on
 behalf of the Employers. 

7. Non-Solicitation; Non-Disparagement . 

(a) For the purposes of this Agreement, the term Competitive Enterprise shall mean any insurance company, insurance holding company or any such entities in the process of organization or application for
 state regulatory approval and shall also include other entities that offer services or products competitive with the services or products which the Employers or their respective subsidiaries or affiliates currently offer or may in the future offer. 

(b) During the Employment Period and for a period of two
 (2) years (the Restricted Period immediately following Executive s separation of employment under this Agreement for any reason, Executive shall
 not, in any way, directly or indirectly, solicit, divert or contact any existing or potential customer of the Employers or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates that Executive solicited, became aware of, transacted business with, or
 performed services for during the Employers employment of Executive for the purpose of selling any services or products that compete with the services or products the Employers or their respective subsidiaries and affiliates currently offer or in
 the future, may offer, or solicit or assist in the employment of any employee of the Employers or their respective subsidiaries or affiliates for the purpose of becoming an employee of or otherwise provide services for any Competitive Enterprise. 

(c) During the Employment Period and thereafter,
 Executive shall not make any negative or disparaging statements or communications regarding the Employers, their personnel or operations. 

(d) If, at the time of enforcement of Sections 5, 6 or 7
 of this Agreement, a court shall hold that the duration, scope or geographical area restrictions stated herein are unreasonable under circumstances then existing, the parties hereto agree that the maximum duration, scope or geographical area
 reasonable under such circumstances shall be substituted for the stated duration, scope or area and that the court shall be allowed to revise the restrictions contained herein to cover the maximum period, scope and area permitted by law. 

11 

(e) Executive acknowledges that Executive s compliance
 with Sections 5, 6 and 7 of this Agreement is necessary to protect the goodwill, customer relations, trade secrets, confidential information and other proprietary and legitimate business interests of the Employers. Executive acknowledges that any
 breach of any of these covenants will result in irreparable and continuing damage to the Employers business for which there will be no adequate remedy at law and Executive agrees that, in the event of any such breach of the aforesaid covenants,
 the Employers and their successors and assigns shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief and to such other and further relief as may be available at law or in equity. Accordingly, Executive expressly agrees that upon any breach, or threatened
 breach, of the terms of this Agreement, the Employers shall be entitled, as a matter of right, in any court of competent jurisdiction in equity or otherwise to enforce the specific performance of Executive s obligations under this Agreement, to
 obtain temporary and permanent injunctive relief without the necessity of proving actual damage to the Employers or the inadequacy of a legal remedy. In the event a court orders the Employers to post a bond in order to obtain such injunctive
 relief for a claim under this Agreement, Executive agrees that the Employers will be required to post only a nominal bond. The rights conferred upon the Employers in this paragraph shall not be exclusive of any other rights or remedies that the
 Employers may have at law, in equity or otherwise. 

(f) In the event that Executive materially violates any
 of the covenants in this Agreement and the Employers commence legal action for injunctive or other relief, then the Employers shall have the benefit of the full period of the covenants such that the covenants shall have the duration of two (2)
 years computed from the date Executive ceased violation of the covenants, either by order of the court or otherwise. 

(g) Executive acknowledges and agrees that the
 restrictive covenants contained herein: (i) are necessary for the reasonable and proper protection of the goodwill of the Employers and their trade secrets, proprietary data and confidential information; (ii) are reasonable with respect to length
 of time, scope and geographic area; and (iii) will not prohibit Executive from engaging in other businesses or employment for the purpose of earning a livelihood following the termination of his relationship with the Employers. 

(h) If Executive materially breaches the general release
 provided for in Section 4(c) or any provision of Sections 5, 6 and 7 hereunder: (i) the Employers shall no longer be obligated to make any payments or provide any other benefits pursuant to Section 4; and (ii) as applicable, Executive shall forfeit
 all of the Severance Benefits previously provided to Executive and/or the Employers shall be entitled to reimbursement of any Severance Benefits made to Executive. 

8. Executive s Representations . Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Employers that to the best of his knowledge: (a) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by
 Executive do not and shall not conflict with, breach, violate or cause a default under any contract, agreement, instrument, order, judgment or decree to which Executive is a party or by which he is bound; (b) Executive is not a party to or bound by
 any employment agreement, non-compete agreement or confidentiality agreement with any other person or entity; (c) upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Employers, this Agreement shall be the valid and binding obligation of
 Executive, enforceable in accordance with its terms; and (d) Executive is authorized to work in the United States without restriction. Executive hereby acknowledges and represents that he has consulted with independent legal counsel regarding his
 rights and obligations under this Agreement and that he fully understands the terms and conditions contained herein. 

12 

9. Survival . Sections 4 through 21, inclusive, shall survive and continue in full force in accordance with their terms notwithstanding the termination of the Employment Period. 

10. Notices . Any notice provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be either personally delivered, sent by reputable overnight courier service or mailed by first class mail,
 return receipt requested, to the recipient at the address below indicated: 

Notices to Executive :

 1195 River Road, P.O. Box 302, Marietta, PA 17547

 or at his home address as most currently appears in the records of the Employers with a copy by email to _________________

Notices to the Employers :

 Donegal Mutual Insurance Company

 Attention: Vice President, Human Resources

 1195 River Road, P.O. Box 302

 Marietta, PA 17547

or such other address or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party shall have specified by prior written notice to the sending
 party. Any notice under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given when so delivered, sent or mailed.

11. Severability . Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement
 is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement or any action in any other
 jurisdiction, but this Agreement shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 

12. Complete Agreement . This Agreement, those documents expressly referred to herein and other documents of even date herewith embody the complete agreement and understanding among the parties and supersede
 and preempt any prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties, written or oral, which may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way (including, but not limited to, superseding and preempting the Executive s
 prior employment agreements, if any, with Employer). 

13. No Strict Construction . The language used in this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties hereto to express their mutual intent, and no rule of strict construction
 shall be applied against any party. 

13 

14. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts (including by means of telecopied signature pages or electronic transmission in portable document format (.pdf)), each of which is
 deemed to be an original and all of which taken together constitute one and the same agreement. 

15. Successors and Assigns . This Agreement, including, but not limited to, the terms and conditions in Sections 5, 6 and 7, shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the heirs,
 executors, administrators, successors and assigns of the respective parties hereto, but in no event may Executive assign or delegate to any other party Executive s rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement. Executive further hereby
 consents and agrees that the Employers may assign this Agreement (including, but not limited to, Sections 5, 6 and 7) and any of the rights or obligations hereunder to any third party in connection with the sale, merger, consolidation,
 reorganization, liquidation or transfer, in whole or in part, of the Employers control and/or ownership of their assets or business. In such event, Executive agrees to continue to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, subject to its terms. 

16. Choice of Law/Choice of Forum . All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in
 accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the
 application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 

17. Mitigation . Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment
 or benefit provided for in this Agreement be reduced by any compensation Executive earns as the result of employment by another employer or by retirement benefits payable after the termination of this Agreement, except that the Employers shall not
 be required to provide Executive and Executive s eligible dependents with medical insurance coverage as long as Executive and Executive s eligible dependents are receiving comparable medical insurance coverage from another employer. 

18. Amendment and Waiver . The provisions of this Agreement may be amended or waived only with the prior written consent of the Employers and Executive, and no course of conduct or course of
 dealing or failure or delay by any party hereto in enforcing or exercising any of the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, the Employers right to terminate the Employment Period with or without Cause) shall affect the
 validity, binding effect or enforceability of this Agreement or be deemed to be an implied waiver of any provision of this Agreement. 

19. Waiver of Jury Trial . As a specifically bargained for inducement for each of the parties hereto to enter into this Agreement (AFTER HAVING THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH COUNSEL), EACH PARTY HERETO
 EXPRESSLY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LAWSUIT OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO OR ARISING IN ANY WAY FROM THIS AGREEMENT OR THE MATTERS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

20. Executive s Cooperation . During the Employment Period and thereafter, Executive shall reasonably cooperate with the Employers in any internal investigation or administrative, regulatory or
 judicial proceeding as reasonably requested by the Employers (including, without limitation, Executive s being reasonably available to the Employers upon reasonable notice for interviews and factual investigations, appearing at the Employers 
 reasonable request to give testimony without requiring service of a subpoena or other legal process, volunteering to the Employers all pertinent information and turning over to the Employers all relevant documents which are or may come into
 Executive s possession, all at times and on schedules that are reasonably consistent with Executive s other permitted activities and commitments) at reasonable times. In the event the Employers require Executive s cooperation in accordance with
 this Section 20 after termination of his employment with the Employers (regardless of the reason) and to the extent Executive is no longer entitled to any payments under this Agreement, including, but not limited to Severance Payments, the
 Employers shall compensate Executive on an hourly basis for his time spent on the foregoing (including, but not limited to, any travel time) calculated based off of Executive s Base Salary immediately prior to the termination of his employment with
 the Employers divided by two thousand eighty (2,080), and reimburse Executive for reasonable travel and other expenses (including, but not limited to, lodging and meals, upon submission of receipts). Nothing about the foregoing shall interfere
 with Executive s obligation to testifying truthfully in any forum or from providing truthful information, including, but not limited to, Confidential Information, to any government agency or commission. 

14 

21. 409A Compliance . 

(a) The Employers and Executive intend that this
 Agreement be drafted and administered in compliance with Section 409A of the Code, including, but not limited to, any future amendments thereto, and any other IRS or other governmental rulings or interpretations (together, Section 409A issued pursuant to Section 409A so as not to subject Executive to payment of interest or any additional tax under Section 409A. The
 Employers and Executive intend for any payments under this Agreement to satisfy either the requirements of Section 409A or to be exempt from the application of Section 409A, and the Employers and Executive shall construe and interpret this
 Agreement accordingly. In furtherance of such intent, if payment or provision of any amount or benefit under this Agreement that is subject to Section 409A at the time specified in this Agreement would subject such amount or benefit to any
 additional tax under Section 409A, the Employers shall postpone payment or provision of such amount or benefit to the earliest commencement date on which the Employers can make such payment or provision of such amount or benefit without incurring
 such additional tax. In addition, to the extent that any IRS guidance issued under Section 409A would result in Executive being subject to the payment of interest or any additional tax under Section 409A, the Employers and Executive agree, to the
 extent reasonably possible, to amend this Agreement in order to avoid the imposition of any such interest or additional tax under Section 409A. Any such amendment shall have the minimum economic effect necessary and be determined reasonably and in
 good faith by the Employers and Executive. 

(b) If a payment under this Agreement does not qualify as
 a short-term deferral under Section 409A or any similar or successor provisions, and Executive is a Specified Employee as of Executive s Termination Date, the Employers may not make such distributions to Executive before a date that is six months
 after the date of Executive s Termination Date or, if earlier, the date of Executive s death (the Six-Month Delay ). The Employers shall accumulate
 payments to which Executive would otherwise be entitled during the first six months following the Termination Date (the Six-Month Delay Period and
 make such payments on the first day of the seventh month following Executive s Termination Date. Notwithstanding the Six-Month Delay set forth in this Section 21(b): 

15 

(i) To the maximum extent Section
 409A or any similar or successor provisions permit, during each month of the Six-Month Delay Period, the Employers will pay Executive an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the total monthly Severance Benefits or (B) one-sixth of the lesser of (1)
 the maximum amount that Section 401(a)(17) permits to be taken into account under a qualified plan for the year in which Executive s Termination Date occurs and (2) the sum of Executive s annualized compensation based upon the annual rate of pay
 for services provided to the Employers for the taxable year of Executive preceding the taxable year of Executive in which Executive s Termination Date occurs, adjusted for any increase during that year that the parties expected to continue
 indefinitely if Executive s Termination Date has not occurred; and 

(ii) To the maximum extent Section 409A, or any similar
 or successor provisions, permits within ten days following Executive s Termination Date, the Employers shall pay Executive an amount equal to the applicable dollar amount under Section 402(g)(1)(B) for the year in which Executive s Termination Date
 occurred. 

(iii) For purposes of this Agreement, Specified Employee has the meaning given that term in Section 409A or any similar or successor provisions. The Employers specified employee
 identification date as described in Section 409A will be December 31 of each year, and the Employers specified employee effective date as described in Section 409A will be February 1 of each succeeding year. 

(c) A termination of employment shall not be deemed to
 have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of
 Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation from service. 

(d) To the extent that reimbursements or other in-kind
 benefits under this Agreement constitute nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A, (i) all such expenses or other reimbursements hereunder shall be made on or prior to the last day of the taxable year following the taxable
 year in which such expenses were incurred by Executive, (ii) any such right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, and (iii) no such reimbursement, expenses eligible for
 reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided in any taxable year shall in any way affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year. 

(e) For purposes of Section 409A, Executive s right to
 receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. 

(f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
 to the contrary, in no event shall any payment under this Agreement that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A be subject to offset by any other amount unless otherwise permitted by Section 409A. 

[ SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS ]

16 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Employment Agreement as of the date first written above.

DONEGAL MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY

By:

Its:

DONEGAL GROUP INC.

By:

Its:

Executive

17 

Schedule of Information Included in Employment Agreements 

Except as noted below, all of our executive officers other than Kevin G. Burke and Jeffrey D. Miller entered into this form of employment agreement on October 1, 2020.
 Therefore, we have filed only this form of employment agreement as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We list below material information in the respective employment agreement for each of our executive
 officers other than Kevin G. Burke and Jeffrey D. Miller that differs from this form of employment agreement.

Name

Donegal Mutual Title

DGI Title

Annual Base

 Salary

Kristi S. Altshuler

Senior Vice President and Chief Analytics Officer

Senior Vice President and Chief Analytics Officer

325,000

W. Daniel DeLamater (1)

Senior Vice President, Field Operations and National Accounts

Senior Vice President

350,000

William A. Folmar

Senior Vice President, Claims

Senior Vice President

290,000

Jeffrey T. Hay (2)

Senior Vice President and Chief Underwriting Officer

Senior Vice President

425,000

Christina M. Hoffman

Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer

Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer

305,000

Matthew T. Hudnall (3)

Senior Vice President, Commercial Lines

Senior Vice President

340,000

Robert R. Long, Jr. (4)

Senior Vice President and General Counsel

Senior Vice President and General Counsel

230,000

Sanjay Pandey

Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer

Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer

425,000

David W. Sponic (5)

Senior Vice President, Personal Lines

Senior Vice President

260,000

V. Anthony Viozzi

Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer

Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer

330,000

Daniel J. Wagner

Senior Vice President and Treasurer

Senior Vice President and Treasurer

405,000

(1) Mr. DeLamater entered into this form of employment agreement on January 1, 2023.

(2) Mr. Hay entered into this form of employment agreement on January 1, 2022.

(3) Mr. Hudnall entered into this form of employment agreement on January 1, 2023.

(4) At his request, Section (4)(b)(iii) of Mr. Long s employment agreement does not include a salary continuation benefit in the event of his death during the term of the
 employment agreement.

(5) Mr. Sponic entered into this form of employment agreement on January 1, 2023.

18 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.22>
 3
 brhc10049169_ex10-22.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.22

Exhibit 10.22

DONEGAL MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY

 DONEGAL GROUP INC.

2023 ANNUAL EXECUTIVE INCENTIVE PLAN

Purpose 

The 2023 Annual Executive Incentive Plan (the Plan provides for the payment of performance-based bonuses to Plan participants based upon the Donegal Insurance Group s
 achievement of performance objectives for individual performance measures according to the weighting assigned to each performance measure.

The performance objectives correlate to incentive levels that represent percentages of a participant s 2023 base salary (as defined in this Plan). The potential bonuses
 available for Plan participants with respect to the performance measures will be based on the incentive levels, performance objectives and weighting percentages as outlined in Appendix 1.

Scope 

The performance measures and objectives, unless otherwise specified, relate to the statutory financial results of the Donegal Insurance Group, which includes the following
 legal entities for the purposes of this Plan:

Donegal Mutual Insurance Company

 Atlantic States Insurance Company

 Michigan Insurance Company

 Mountain States Commercial Insurance Company

 Mountain States Indemnity Company

 Peninsula Indemnity Company

 Peninsula Insurance Company

 Southern Insurance Company of Virginia

 Southern Mutual Insurance Company

Performance Measures 

Commercial Lines Premium Growth annual growth in commercial lines direct premiums written compared to the previous calendar year total.

Personal Lines Premium Growth annual growth in personal lines direct premiums written compared to the previous calendar year total.

Adjusted Statutory Combined Ratio reported statutory combined ratio excluding any catastrophe adjustment, all executive incentive plan bonus accruals and a stock option
 expense adjustment (see definitions below).

Operating Return on Equity Donegal Group Inc. s consolidated GAAP net income divided by average GAAP stockholders equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income
 or loss (average of current year-end and prior year-end values).

Bonus Formula 

Each participant in this Plan shall be eligible to receive a bonus that represents the sum of the performance bonuses such participant earns for each respective performance
 measure. Each performance bonus shall be calculated by multiplying the participant s 2023 base salary, as defined in this Plan, by the bonus percentage that correlates to the incentive level achieved and multiplying that result by the weighting
 percentage assigned to the respective performance measure. The calculation methodology is illustrated below:

Base Salary x Incentive Level Bonus x Weighting = Performance Bonus

Sum of Performance Bonuses = Total Bonus Earned

Key Definitions 

Base Salary total wages as reported on a participant s W-2 for 2023, excluding any taxable fringe benefits, short or long-term disability pay, gains from exercise of
 stock options and prior-year bonus.

Statutory Combined Ratio sum of the net loss and loss expense ratio (net losses and loss expenses incurred divided by net premiums earned), the expense ratio
 (underwriting expenses less installment fee income divided by net premiums written) and the dividend ratio (policyholder dividends incurred divided by net premiums earned).

Catastrophe Adjustment an adjustment will be provided to the statutory combined ratio for the purpose of this Plan to limit the net effect of up to two catastrophe
 events. For purposes of this provision, a catastrophe event is defined as an event for which the Property Claims Services unit of Insurance Services Office issues a catastrophe serial number and for which the net effect to the Donegal Insurance Group
 exceeds 5 million when aggregating losses incurred, loss expenses incurred and reinstatement premiums. The statutory combined ratio for the purposes of this Plan will be charged with:

The first 5 million of the net effect of a catastrophe

One-half of the amount between 5 million and 10 million

None of the net effect above 10 million

2 

In the event that more than two catastrophe events, as defined above, occur within the calendar year, the statutory combined ratio for the purposes of this Plan will be
 charged with all of the net effect of the third and subsequent catastrophe events.

Stock Option Expense Adjustment an adjustment will be provided to statutory combined ratio for the purpose of this Plan to remove the effect of stock option compensation
 expense included in the statutory financial statements.

Additional Provisions 

1. 
 
 Participants must be employed by Donegal Mutual Insurance Company on or before October 1, 2023 to be eligible to participate in this Plan. Participants must be employed by the
 Donegal Mutual Insurance Company on December 31, 2023 in order to receive a bonus payment under this Plan.

2. 
 
 No bonus is payable under this Plan unless the employees and managers of Donegal Mutual Insurance Company qualify for bonuses under their respective incentive plans.

3. 
 
 Any bonuses earned under this Plan shall be paid prior to March 15, 2024.

4. 
 
 Approved participants in this Plan are listed in Appendix 1. Any changes to the participants in this Plan and the incentive levels for such participants must be approved by the Joint
 Compensation Committee of the Boards of Directors of Donegal Mutual Insurance Company and Donegal Group Inc. the Joint Compensation Committee ).

5. 
 
 This Plan provides for a discretionary pool calculated in similar fashion to the bonuses for Plan participants using a base salary equivalent of 1,000,000. The discretionary pool
 may be allocated among participants in this Plan or other officers, managers or employees in the sole discretion of the Joint Compensation Committee. The President shall provide a recommendation to the Joint Compensation Committee with
 respect to high performers who should be considered for allocations from the discretionary pool.

6. 
 
 Payment of bonuses under this Plan may be capped by the Joint Compensation Committee in their sole discretion.

3 

Appendix 1 

The participants and incentive levels for the 2023 Annual Executive Incentive Plan are as follows:

Incentive Levels - Bonus of Salary

Participants

Threshold

Level 1

Level 2

Target

Level 3

Level 4

Maximum

Kevin G. Burke

40

50

60

70

80

90

100

Jeffrey D. Miller

40

50

60

70

80

90

100

Kristi S. Altshuler

40

50

60

70

80

90

100

W. Daniel DeLamater

40

50

60

70

80

90

100

William A. Folmar

40

50

60

70

80

90

100

Jeffery T. Hay

40

50

60

70

80

90

100

Christina M. Hoffman

40

50

60

70

80

90

100

Robert R. Long, Jr.

40

50

60

70

80

90

100

Sanjay Pandey

40

50

60

70

80

90

100

V. Anthony Viozzi

40

50

60

70

80

90

100

Daniel J. Wagner

40

50

60

70

80

90

100

Discretionary Pool

40

50

60

70

80

90

100

Incentive Levels - Bonus of Salary Paticipants Threshold Level 1 Level 2 Target Level 3 Level 4 Maximurr Kevin G. Burke 40 50 60 70 80 90 100
 Jeffrey D. Miller 40 50 60 70 80 90 100 Kristi S. Altshuler 40 50 60 70 80 90 100 W. Daniel Delamater 40 50 60 70 80 90 100 William A. Folmar 40 50 60 70 80 90 100 Jeffery T. Hay 40 50 60 70 80 90 100 Christina M. Hoffman 40 50 60 70 80 90 100
 Robert R. Long, Jr. 40 50 60 70 80 90 100 Sanjay Pandey 40 50 60 70 80 90 100 V. Anthony Viozzi 40 50 60 70 80 90 100 Daniel J. Wagner 40 50 60 70 80 90 100 Discretionary Pool 40 50 60 70 80 90 100

Note: Francis J. Haefner, Jr., Matthew T. Hudnall, David W. Sponic and Regional Senior Officers are not included as participants in this Plan due to
 their participation in individual incentive plans that are tailored to performance objectives within their specific areas of responsibility.

4 

Performance measures, performance objectives and weighting percentages for 2023 are as follows:

Performance Objectives

Performance 

 Measure

Weighting

Threshold

Level 1

Level 2

Target

Level 3

Level 4

Maximum

Commercial Lines Premium Growth

15.0 

3.0 

3.5 

4.0 

4.5 

5.0 

5.5 

6.0 

Personal Lines Premium Growth

15.0 

2.0 

2.5 

3.0 

3.5 

4.0 

4.5 

5.0 

Adjusted Statutory Combined Ratio

50.0 

100.0 

99.0 

98.0 

97.0 

96.0 

95.0 

94.0 

Operating Return on Equity

20.0 

7.5 

8.0 

8.5 

9.0 

9.5 

10.0 

10.5 

Performance Objectives Performance Measure Weighting Threshold Level 1 Level 2 Target Level 3 Level 4 Maximun Commerckll Linc Premium Growth
 15.0 3.0 3.5 4.0 4.5 5.0 5.5 6.0 Personal Lines Premium Growth 15.0 2.0 2.5 3.0 3.5 4.0 4.5 5.0 Adjusted Statuto Combined Ratio 50.0 100.0 99.0 98.0 97.0 96.0 95.0 94.0 Operating Returr on Equity 20.0 7.5 8.0 8.5 9.0 
 9.5 10.0 10.5 

5 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.23>
 4
 brhc10049169_ex10-23.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.23

Exhibit 10.23

DONEGAL MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY

 DONEGAL GROUP INC.

 LONG-TERM EXECUTIVE INCENTIVE PLAN

Purpose 

The Long-Term Executive Incentive Plan (this Plan provides for the payment of performance-based bonuses to Plan participants based upon the Donegal Insurance Group s
 achievement of profitable performance over a three-year period. The key performance measure for this Plan is the adjusted statutory combined ratio, as defined in this Plan.

The Compensation Committee of the Boards of Directors of Donegal Mutual Insurance Company and Donegal Group Inc. (the Committee shall have the sole and absolute
 discretion to interpret and apply the terms of this Plan, including, but not limited to, the determination of the achievement of the performance objective of Appendix 1.

Scope 

The calculation of the adjusted statutory combined ratio will be based on the combined statutory financial results for the 2023, 2024 and 2025 calendar years for the
 Donegal Insurance Group, which includes the following legal entities for the purposes of this Plan:

Donegal Mutual Insurance Company

 Atlantic States Insurance Company

 Michigan Insurance Company

 Mountain States Commercial Insurance Company

 Mountain States Indemnity Company

 Peninsula Indemnity Company

 Peninsula Insurance Company

 Southern Insurance Company of Virginia

 Southern Mutual Insurance Company

Performance Measures 

Adjusted Statutory Combined Ratio statutory combined ratio based on three-year financial results excluding any catastrophe adjustment(s), all executive incentive plan
 bonus payments and/or accruals and a stock option expense adjustment (see definitions below).

Bonus Formula 

Each participant in this Plan shall be eligible to receive a bonus by multiplying the participant s 2025 base salary, as defined in this Plan, by the bonus percentage shown
 in Appendix 1 that correlates to the average statutory combined ratio over the three-year period.

The calculation methodology is illustrated below:

Average Statutory Combined Ratio of 97.0 = 40 x 2025 Base Salary = Performance Bonus

Key Definitions 

Base Salary total wages as reported on a participant s W-2 for 2025, excluding any taxable fringe benefits, short or long-term disability pay, gains from exercise of
 stock options and prior-year bonus.

Statutory Combined Ratio sum of the net loss and loss expense ratio (net losses and loss expenses incurred divided by net premiums earned), the expense ratio
 (underwriting expenses less installment fee income divided by net premiums written) and the dividend ratio (policyholder dividends incurred divided by net premiums earned).

Catastrophe Adjustment an adjustment will be provided to the statutory combined ratio for the purpose of this Plan to limit the net effect of up to two catastrophe events
 per year. For purposes of this provision, a catastrophe event is defined as an event for which the Property Claims Services unit of Insurance Services Office issues a catastrophe serial number and for which the net effect to the Donegal Insurance
 Group exceeds 5 million when aggregating losses incurred, loss expenses incurred and reinstatement premiums. The statutory combined ratio for the purposes of this Plan will be charged with:

The first 5 million of the net effect of a catastrophe

One-half of the amount between 5 million and 10 million

None of the net effect above 10 million

In the event that more than two catastrophe events, as defined above, occur within a given calendar year, the statutory combined ratio for the purposes of this Plan will be
 charged with all of the net effect of the third and subsequent catastrophe events in that calendar year.

Stock Option Expense Adjustment an adjustment will be provided to statutory combined ratio for the purpose of this Plan to remove the effect of stock option compensation
 expense included in the statutory financial statements.

Additional Provisions 

1. 
 
 Participants must be employed by Donegal Mutual Insurance Company on or before January 1, 2023 to be eligible to participate in this Plan. Participants must be employed by the
 Donegal Mutual Insurance Company on December 31, 2025 in order to receive a bonus payment under this Plan.

2 

2. 
 
 A 50 reduction in the bonus payable under this Plan will occur if the employees and managers of Donegal Mutual Insurance Company fail to qualify for bonuses under their respective
 annual incentive plans in any calendar year included in the three-year period covered by this Plan.

3. 
 
 Any bonuses earned under this Plan shall be paid prior to March 15, 2026.

4. 
 
 Approved participants in this Plan are listed in Appendix 1. Any changes to the participants in this Plan must be approved by the Committee.

5. 
 
 This plan expires on December 31, 2025. The incentive payment will be a one-time payment based on the three-year average statutory combined ratio. Upon the expiration of this Plan,
 the Committee will be responsible for determining whether to implement a new long-term executive incentive plan.

6. 
 
 Payment of bonuses under this Plan may be capped by the Committee in their sole discretion.

3 

Appendix 1 

LONG-TERM EXECUTIVE INCENTIVE PLAN

 Calendar Years 2023, 2024 and 2025

ADJUSTED COMBINED RATIO 

INCENTIVE 

Over 100 

None

99.0 99.99 

15 

98.0 98.99 

25 

97.0 97.99 

40 

96.0 96.99 

50 

95.0 95.99 

60 

94.0 94.99 

70 

UNDER 94.0 

85 

The participants eligible for the 2023-2025 Long-Term Executive Incentive Plan are as follows:

Kevin G. Burke

Jeffrey D. Miller

Kristi S. Altshuler

W. Daniel DeLamater

William A. Folmar

Francis J. Haefner, Jr.

Jeffery T. Hay

Christina M. Hoffman

Matthew T. Hudnall

Robert R. Long, Jr.

Sanjay Pandey

David W. Sponic

V. Anthony Viozzi

Daniel J. Wagner

4 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-21>
 5
 brhc10049169_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21

SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT

Registrant owned 100 of the outstanding stock of the following companies as of December 31, 2022, except as noted:

Name

State of Incorporation

Atlantic States Insurance Company

Pennsylvania

Southern Insurance Company of Virginia

Virginia

The Peninsula Insurance Company

Pennsylvania

Peninsula Indemnity Company 

Pennsylvania

Michigan Insurance Company

Michigan

Wholly owned by The Peninsula Insurance Company.

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 brhc10049169_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1

CONSENT OF

 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-89644, 333-201101, 333-212723, 333-233167 and 333-261715)
 on Form S-8 and registration statements (Nos. 333-59828 and 333-259921) on Form S-3 of our reports dated March 6, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule III of Donegal Group Inc. and the
 effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ KPMG LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

 March 6, 2023

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 brhc10049169_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1

 CERTIFICATION

 I, Kevin G. Burke, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Donegal Group Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
 the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
 likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control
 over financial reporting.

/s/ Kevin G. Burke

Kevin G. Burke, President and Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 6, 2023

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 brhc10049169_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2

 CERTIFICATION

 I, Jeffrey D. Miller, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Donegal Group Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
 its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
 financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
 the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case
 of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's
 board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ Jeffrey D. Miller

Jeffrey D. Miller, Executive Vice President

 and Chief Financial Officer

Date: March 6, 2023

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 brhc10049169_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1

 CERTIFICATION OF

 PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Donegal Group Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission (the Report ), Kevin G. Burke, the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), that to his knowledge:

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

/s/ Kevin G. Burke

Kevin G. Burke, President and Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 6, 2023

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 brhc10049169_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2

 CERTIFICATION OF

 EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Donegal Group Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission (the Report ), Jeffrey D. Miller, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), that to his knowledge:

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

/s/ Jeffrey D. Miller

Jeffrey D. Miller, Executive Vice President

 and Chief Financial Officer

Date: March 6, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 dgica-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 dgica-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 dgica-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 dgica-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 dgica-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

